JONES V. RANDOLPH.

[Sup. Ct.

JONES V. RANDOLPH.
An instruction which assumes the existence of facts of which there is no evidence is misleading and erroneous.
ERROR to the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
M1r. Walter -. Davidfge for the plaintiffs in error. Mr. John Selden, contra.
MR. CHIEF JUSTICE WAITE delivered the opinion of the court.
This was an action of ejectment, and the defendants below, plaintiffs in error here, set up title under a deed of trust made by William O'Neale, Nov. 12, 1820, to William A. Bradley, cashier of the Bank of Washington, to secure a debt to that bank. On the 31st of December, 1839, at the request of the father of Margaret R. Timberlake, a minor, French S. Evans, her guardian, paid to the bank with her moneys in his hands the amount of the debt. The note which evidenced it was assigned to him in proper form, and from that time lie was allowed to collect the rents of the property covered by the trust deed. The amount he paid was $1,072.41, which, it is conceded, was the actual sum then due the bank. -is guardianship terminated in July, 1843. He then settled his accounts with the proper court, and filed in court the note he had got from the bank. After that, in 1845, proceedings were instituted under the trust deed to sell the property to pay the balance due on the debt. At the sale the plaintiffs in error claim to have become purchasers and to have acquired title, under which they took the possession they now hold.
On the trial it became a material question whether the debt secured by the trust deed had been paid before the attempted sale. The evidence was that the guardian, between the time he got the note and the time he went out of office, had collected only about six hundred dollars of rents. These were credited by him in his accounts with his ward, but there was nowhere in the testimony anything tending to show that any other per-

Oct. 1881.]

JONES v. RANDOLPH.

son representing the owners of the debt ever had the possession of the property or had ever actually collected any more of the rents. The rights of the parties at the trial in reference to this part of the case, so far as the record shows, depended upon the actual collection of rents, and not upon the value of the use and occupation of the property, while the creditor assumed the right to collect the rents as they accrued and appropriate
them to the discharge of the debt. Such being the condition of the evidence on this branch of
the case, all of which was embodied in the bill of exceptions,
the court charged the jury as follows -
" If the jury find from the evidence that William O'Neale
died on Oct. 24, 1837, having by his last will and testament, and the codicil thereto, disposed of his estate as set out in the paper hereunto annexed and marked A, and that after his death, and down to Dec. 31, 1839, the said Rhoda O'Neale collected the rents and profits of the two brick houses mentioned in the said codicil, and was in possession of the same, under color of authority derived from the said last will and testament ; that on the day and year last aforesaid the last renewal of the note mentioned in the deed of trust executed by the said
William O'Neale was in part unpaid and outstanding in the hands of the Bank of Washington, mentioned in the said deed of trust; that on that date one French S. Evans, while guardian of one Miss Margaret R. Timberlake, then eleven years of
age, and daughter, by a former husband, of the said Mrs. Margaret L. Eaton, mentioned in the said last will and testament, from and with the means of his said ward paid unto the said bank the whole amount then due on the said note, and the
same, with the security created by the said deed of trust, caused to be assigned to himself as such guardian; and if the jury further find that thereafter and between the said thirty-first day of December, 1839, and the twenty-ninth day of July, 1843, the said Evans, as guardian aforesaid, of the rents and profits of the estate so as aforesaid disposed of by the said last will and testament, and with the consent of the said Rhoda
O'Neale, made collections from time to time, and applied them to the said note, until the same, both as to principal
and interest, was fully paid, and that on the said twenty-ninth

JONES V. RANDOLPH.

(Sup. Ct,

day of July, 1843, the said Evans, in the Orphans' Court of this District, closed his account as such guardian, then the jury are instructed, as matter of law, that the said note, on or before the twenty-ninth day of July, 1843, became extinguished, and that no valid sale could be made of the property in question under the said deed of trust, in the year 1845.
"If the jury find that the note in question was paid on or before July 29, 1843, or at any time prior to 1845, out of the proceeds or income of the estate of William O'Neale, deceased, under the direction or consent of his widow, the deed of trust became thereby extinguished."
Inasmuch as the evidence did not tend to show that more than about six hundred dollars had been actually collected from the rents by Evans or any other person for the account of the holder of the note, we cannot but think this charge was misleading. It assumed that the jury might find that full payment had been made in that way, when there was no evidence whatever to support such a verdict. It is possible that the guardian, or some other person who for the time being properly represented the ward, while permitted to collect the rents, ought to have collected more, and was on that account chargeable With more than he actually got, or that the debt had been otherwise paid; but that was not the question submitted to the jury. Under the instructions the jury were to inquire only whether there had been a satisfaction of the debt through
actual collection of rents. As this leads to a reversal of the judgment, we deem it un-
necessary to consider any of the other errors assigned, and especially whether the instruction requested by the defendants was properly modified. The same questions may not arise on a second trial.
The judgment will be reversed and the cause remanded with directions to grant a new trial and proceed accordingly.
So ordered.

KING V. WORTHINGTON.

[Sup. Ct.

We are of opinion, therefore, that, regarding the demurrer (as we must) as referring to the declaration and to the bond set out on oyer, it was well decided that they were insufficient to sustain the action.
Judgment affirmed.

KING v. WORTHINGTON.
1. A cause pending on appeal in the Supreme Court of a State at the date of the passage of the act of March 3, 1875, c. 137 (18 Stat., pt. 3, p. 470), was remanded for a rehearing, the decree below having been reversed solely upon the ground of the admission of the evidence of incompetent witnesses. The transcript was filed in the court of original jurisdiction at a term thereof which was within the time prescribed by the State statute. Held, that a petition for the removal of the cause to the Circuit Court of the United States filed at the same term and before such rehearing was filed in due season.
2. Where, touching the competency of witnesses, there is a conflict between the law of a State and an act of Congress, the latter must govern the courts of the United States.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
Mr. Horace . Waite for the appellants. Mr. Henry G. Miller, contra.
MR. JUSTICE WOODS delivered the opinion of the court. This was a suit in equity, brought originally in the Superior Court of Cook County, in the State of Illinois, on July 22, 1870, by George W. Worthington and John T. Avery, citizens of the State of Ohio, against Emily A. King, widow of John B. King, deceased, and Vere Bates King, his only child, a minor, and the said Emily A. King as guardian of said minor, the said defendants being citizens of the State of Illinois. During the progress of the case George W. Worthington died, and his legal representatives, who were also citizens of Ohio, were made parties complainant in his stead. The purpose of the bill was to remove a cloud from the title to certain real estate in that county, of which the original complainants alleged

Oct. 1881.]

KING V. WORTHINGTON.

themselves to be the owners in fee, by a decree setting aside and avoiding a deed therefor, made to the said John B. King in his lifetime by one Heman Scott.
The bill averred that on and prior to June 1, 1843, Scott was the owner in fee of the lands in question, to wit, the west half of the southwest quarter of section 20, township 38, range 13, and that he conveyed them by deed of that date to one Isaac Bishop.
The bill then traced the title by successive conveyances from Bishop through Porter L. Hinckley, John R. Bartholomew, Corydon Weeks, and others, to the original complainants, and averred that, long before the commencement of the suit, they, by means of said conveyances, became and still were seised in fee - the said Avery of the north, and the said Worthington of the south half -of the lands in question.
The bill further averred that on June 21, 1861, Scott executed and delivered to the said John B. King a quitclaim deed purporting to convey to him all the right and title which Scott then had in any lands in Cook County, Illinois, which by its terms included the lands above mentioned.
It was further averred that on Oct. 2, 1864, said John B. King died, leaving the defendant Emily A. King, his widow, and the defendant Vere Bates King, who was a minor, his only child, of whom the said Emily had become the duly appointed guardian, and that the deed executed to John B. King by Scott had created a cloud upon complainant's title, in consequence of which they were unable to sell or dispose of said land.
The answer of Emily A. King, in her own right and as guardian, consisted of a general denial of the allegations of the bill, excepting the allegation of the conveyance from Scott to John B. King.
Among others, the depositions of Scott, Bartholomew, Hinckley, and Weeks were taken. These witnesses severally testified to their ownership of the property in dispute, and to the execution of the deeds of conveyance charged in the bill to have been executed by them respectively, and that all of said deeds contained full covenants of warranty.
Upon final hearing a decree was made by the Superior Court

KING v. WORTHINGTON.

[Sup. Ct.

of Cook County in favor of the complainants. The defendants took the case by appeal to the Supreme Court of the State. The decree was reversed, because the testimony of Weeks, Hinckley, and Bartholomew had been received by the Superior Court against the objection of defendants.
This decision was based on a construction of the statute of Illinois, which declares: "No person shall be disqualified as a witness in any civil action, suit, or proceeding, except as hereinafter stated, by reason of his or her interest in the event thereof, as a party or otherwise." The exception is as follows: "No party to any civil action, suit, or proceeding, or person directly interested in the event thereof, shall be allowed to testify therein of his own motion or on his own behalf, by virtue of the foregoing section, when any adverse party sues or defends as .. . heir . . . of any deceased person, or as guardian . . . of any such heir."
The Supreme Court held that by reason of the fact that Scott, Weeks, Hinckley, and Bartholomew had each conveyed the lands in question with covenants of warranty, they were interested in the event of the suit, and as it was defended both by the heir and his guardian, the persons above named were incompetent to testify in the case.
The opinion of the Supreme Court was filed, and its decree remanding the cause was made, Oct. 11, 1875.
Sects. 84 and 85, c. 110, of the Revised Statutes of Illinois provide, that "when a cause or proceeding is remanded by the Supreme Court or Appellate Court, upon a transcript of the order of the court remanding the same being filed inthe court from which the cause or proceeding was removed, or in which the cause originated, as the case may require, and not less than ten days' notice thereof being given to the adverse party or his attorney, the cause or proceeding shall be reinstated therein.
" If neither party shall file such transcript within two years from the time of making the final order of the Supreme Court or Appellate Court, as the case may be, reversing any judgment or proceeding, the cause shall be considered as abandoned, and no further action shall be had therein."
In this case the mandate of the Supreme Court was filed in

Oct. 1881.]

KING V. WORTHINGTON.

the Superior Court, Nov. 11, 1875, and the cause was re-docketed in the latter court, Nov. 23, 1875. The statute of Illinois (Hurd, p. 331, sect. 54) prescribes that the terms of the Superior Court of Cook County shall begin on the first Monday of every month.
On Dec. 4, 1875, the last day of the November Term, a petition and bond for the removal of the cause to the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois were filed in the Superior Court by the complainants. The petition alleged that the then current term of the court was the first term at which said cause could have been tried since the date of docketing said cause in the Superior Court, as aforesaid, and since the passage of the act of Congress under which the petition was filed.
On December 14, against the objection of defendants, an order was made for the removal of the cause. The record was filed in the United States Circuit Court, Dec. 20, 1875.
Upon the final hearing of the case in the Circuit Court, among others, the depositions of Scott, Weeks, Hinckley, and Bartholomew, who had been declared by the Supreme Court incompetent witnesses under the State law above recited, were admitted in evidence, and the Circuit Court made a final decree in favor of complainants, in accordance with the prayer of their bill.
The act of Congress regulating the competency of witnesses, by virtue of which the Circuit Court admitted the depositions of the persons above named, is as follows: -

" In the courts of the United States no witness shall be excluded in any action on account of color, or in any civil action because he is a party to or interested in the issue tried: Provided, that in actions by or against executors, administrators, or guardians, in which judgment may be rendered for or against them, neither party
shall be allowed to testify against the other, as to any transaction with, or statement by, the testator, intestate, or ward, unless called to testify thereto by the opposite party, or required to testify thereto by the court. In all other respects the laws of the State in which
the court is held shall be the rules of decision as to the competency of witnesses in the courts of the United States in trials at common law and in equity and admiralty." Rev. Stat., sect. 858.

KING V. WORTHINGTON.

[Sup. Ct.

The defendants in the Circuit Court have appealed from the decree of that court, and as appellants in this court have assigned the following errors: -
First, That the cause was not removable under the act of Congress. The petition was not filed at the term at which said cause could be first tried, and before the trial thereof, and the petition is insufficient for its removal.
Second, That the court erred in deciding that Heman Scott, Corydon Weeks, John R. Bartholomew, and Robert Hinckley were competent to testify in this case; also, in deciding that the decision of the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois holding them incompetent was not res judicata; also, in admitting improper evidence on the bearing.
The act of March 3, 1875, c. 137 (18 Stat., pt. 3, p. 470), under which the appellees claim that the cause was removed to the Federal court, declares that the petition for removal must be filed "before or at the term at which said cause could be first tried and before the trial thereof."
At the date of the passage of the act this suit was pending in the Supreme Court of Illinois. The decree was subsequently reversed and the cause remanded. This court has construed the clause of the act of 1875, just quoted, to allow the removal of a cause pending at the date of the passage of the act, if the application therefor was made before trial and at the term of the court, after the passage of the act, at which the cause could be first tried (Removal Cases, 100 U. S. 457) ; in other words, that the fact that the first term of the court in which the cause could have been first tried had already passed when the act went into effect, was not of itself an obstacle to the removal.
In the case just cited, it was further held that the fact that a final decree upon the default of defendants had been entered in the cause before the passage of the act of 1875, did not prevent a removal of the cause under the act, after such decree had been set aside and a rehearing granted.
In this case the parties complainant and defendant were citizens of different States. The petition and bond for removal
were in due form, and the bond was sufficient.
The only ground, therefore, on which it can be urged that

Oct. 1881.]

KING V. WORTHINGTON.

the attempt to remove the cause to the Circuit Court was un-

warranted by law, and, therefore, ineffectual, is that the petition

therefor was not filed before or at the term, after the passage of

the act of 1875, at which the cause could be first tried.

The appellee asserts that the decision of the Supreme Court

of Illinois, reversing the decree of the Superior Court, having

been made on October 11, while the October Term of the

Superior Court was current, the cause might have been re-

docketed and tried during that term of the Superior Court, and

that the re-docketing of the cause at the following November

Term, and the filing of the petition for its removal during that

term, came too late.

The answer to this position is obvious. The cause could

not have been tried in the Superior Court until the transcript

of the order of the Supreme Court remanding it had been filed

therein.

Under the statute of Illinois both parties were allowed two

years within which to file the transcript. Either party might

file it, and no laches or default could be charged against either,

if it were filed within two years. It follows that when the ap-

pellees delayed the filing of the transcript from October 11 until

November 23 they were exercising a privilege which the law

gave them, and lost none of their rights thereby.

Therefore, where the transcript of the Supreme Court was

filed within two years after the order remanding the case

had been made, a petition for removal filed at the same

term must be held to have been filed at the term at which

the cause could have been first tried, and to have been filed in

due season.

If the decision of the State Supreme Court had finally dis-

posed of the case, there could, of course, have been no removal

of the cause to the Federal court after such decision.

But according to the practice and jurisprudence of the State

of Illinois, where the decision of the Supreme Court, reversing

and remanding a cause in equity, does not involve the merits,

the case, upon the filing of the transcript in the court below,

stands for rehearing in that court. hickering v. failes, 26

Ill. 508 ; s. c. 29 id. 294; Wadhams v. Gay, 73 id. 415; s. c.

83 id. 250; Pettilon v. Noble, 7 Biss. 450.

VOL. XIV.

4

KING V. WORTHINGTON[

[Sup. Ct.

This cause was reversed by the State Supreme Court solely on the ground of the error of the Superior Court in 'admitting incompetent evidence. When, therefore, the cause was remanded, it stood for rehearing as soon as it was re-docketed in the Superior Court.
We are of opinion, therefore, that the case was properly removed from the Superior Court of Cook County to the Circuit Court of the United States.
The next ground of error assigned is that the Circuit Court admitted in evidence the depositions of Scott, Weeks, Bartholomew, and Hinckley.
It is perfectly clear that, under the act of Congress (Rev. Stat., sect. 858), the persons named were competent witnesses in that court. This point has been expressly ruled by this court in the case of Potter v. National Banle (102 U. S. 163), brought up on error from the Northern District of Illinois. It was also held, in the same case, that, where there was a conflict between the act of Congress and the law of the State in regard to the competency of witnesses, the United States court was bound to follow the act of Congress. The question is, therefore, reduced to this: Does the fact, that while the case was pending in the State court these witnesses were held by that court to be incompetent under the State law, preclude them from testifying in the case after its removal to the United States court? We think this question must be answered in the negative.
The Federal court was bound to administer the law of evidence as prescribed by act of Congress, unless what had transpired in the State court presented an insuperable obstacle to that course. This the appellants claim was the fact. They say that the transfer of a case from the State to a Federal court does not vacate what has been done in the State court previously to removal; that what has been decided in the State court is res judicata and cannot be re-examined. In support of this position Duncan v. Gegan (101 U. S. 810) and other cases are cited. The law as settled by this court is correctly stated by appellants.
But the rulings of the Circuit Court in the progress of the cause after its removal did not reverse or vacate anything which

Oct. 1881.]

KING V. WORTHINGTON.

had previously been adjudicated by the State court. The decision of the latter court was that, under the State law, certain witnesses were incompetent in the State court. The Federal court decided that, under the laws of the United States, the same witnesses were competent when offered in a United States court. Here is no conflict of opinion, and no unsettling of any matter which had been adjudged by the State court. The Federal court was bound to deal with the case according to the rules of practice and evidence prescribed by the acts of Congress. If the case is prbperly removed, the party removing it is entitled to any advantage which the practice and jurisprudence of the Federal court give him.
In this instance the court below followed the law of evidence as prescribed by Congress. In doing so it did not reverse any ruling of the State court, and, we think, committed no error.
No other evidence admitted by the Circuit Court is complained of by the appellants as incompetent.
The counsel of both parties have discussed in their briefs the question whether the evidence set out in the record is sufficient to support the decree of the Circuit Court. No error has been assigned on the ground that the testimony was insufficient. It is, therefore, unnecessary to discuss this point. We may remark, however, that in our opinion the evidence amply justifies the decree.
There is no error in the record. Decree affirmed.

Oct. 1881.]

GILES v. LITTLE.

out the line to the witness or not, unless it was some one connected with the suit of the parties. It is true, if he knew of his own knowledge where the line was, he might tell, but in the form the question was put he could well think he would be permitted to tell where it was as it had been pointed out to him. The question was clearly too general, and on that account objectionable. It is quite possible the witness knew facts that were material to the issue which was being tried. If he did, and the plaintiff desired to have them, the question should have been made more specific, and the objections to the form of that which was put removed.
Upon a careful consideration of the whole case we find no error.
Judgment affirmed.

GILES v. LITTLE.
A.'s last will and testament provides as follows: "To my beloved wife E. I give and bequeath all my estate, real and personal, of which I may die seised, the same to remain and be hers, with full power, right, and authority to dispose of the same as to her shall seem meet and proper, so long as she shall remain my widow, upon the express condition that if she shall marry again, then it is my will that all of the estate herein bequeathed, or whatever may remain, should go to my surviving children, share and share alike." A.'s children and E. survived him. She conveyed the real estate to B. in fee, and subsequently married. Held, that B.'s estate determined on E.'s marriage.
ERRO to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Nebraska.
This was an action for the recovery of lot No. 6, in block 54, in the city of Lincoln, Nebraska.
The following are the material averments of the petition: " On June 10, 1.869, and thence up to his death, Jacob Dawson was seised and possessed of divers real and personal estates of great value, and had a wife named Edith J., and six children who were on said day minors, and some very young, and all without any property whatever, his wife being seised and possessed in her own right of real and personal estates of the value of ten thousand dollars and over.

GILES v. LITTLE.

[Sup. Ct.

"On said day the said Jacob made his last will and testament, which contained the following sole bequest: After all my lawful debts are paid and discharged, the residue of my estate, real and personal, I give, bequeath, and dispose of as follows, to wit: To my beloved wife Edith J. Dawson I give and bequeath all my estate, real and personal, of which I may die seised, the same to remain and be hers, with full power, right, and authority to dispose of the same, as to her shall seem meet and proper, so long as she shall remain my widow; upon the express condition, that, if she shall marry again, then it is my will that all of the estate herein bequeathed, or whatever may remain, should go to my surviving children, share and share alike; and in case any of my children should have deceased, leaving issue, then the issue so left to receive the share to which said child would be entitled. I likewise make, constitute, and appoint my said wife Edith J. to be executrix of this my last will and testament.
" On the twenty-second day of June, 1869, the said Jacob died at Lancaster County in this district, leaving him surviving his said wife and six children. The said will was duly proved and admitted to probate in the proper court of said county, and letters testamentary thereon were issued out of said court to the said Edith J., who took upon her the execution of said trust.
" The personal property, whereof the said Jacob died possessed, was duly inventoried and appraised at $958 ; and among the real estates whereof, at his death, the said Jacob was seised,
was that certain piece or parcel of land known and described as follows: Lot number 6, in block 54, in the city of Lincoln, in said Lancaster County, except six inches off the entire east line of said lot, which supports the east party-wall of said lot; which lot is of the value of $5,000 and over.
" On the twenty-seventh day of April, 1870, the said Edith J., by her certain deed of conveyance, dated on said day, and duly executed and acknowledged, conveyed the said premises to one Cody, by warranty deed, which contained no reference to nor recited the power in said will, and by divers mesne conveyances from said Cody, the said defendant Little claims and pretends that he is seised in fee of said premises; and

Oct. 1881.]

GILES V. LITTLE.

he is now in possession thereof by the defendant May, as his tenant.
" On or about the fifteenth day of November, 1879, the said Edith J. intermarried with one Pickering.
" One of the said children of the said Jacob died intestate without issue, and the survivors being in indigent circumstances have joined in a conveyance of the said premises, bearing date Sept. 15, 1869, and duly executed and acknowledged, whereby they conveyed the same in fee to one Burr and one Wheeler, who by their deed have duly conveyed the same to the plaintiff. And by reason of the premises the said plaintiff has become and is seised in fee of said premises above described, and isentitled to the immediate possession thereof; the defendant Little, under the alleged title derived to him as aforesaid, unlawfully keeps the said plaintiff out of possession thereof."
There was a general demurrer to this petition, which the Circuit Court sustained, and gave judgment for the defendants.
This action of the court is assigned for error.
Mr. James 1. Woolworth for the plaintiff in error. Mr. T. M. Marquett, contra.

MR. JUSTICE WOODS, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
The contention of the plaintiff in error is, that Edith J. Dawson took, under the will of her deceased husband, Jacob Dawson, an estate for life, subject to be determined in case she contracted another marriage, with remainder to the heirs of Jacob Dawson; and that the power of disposal conferred on her by the will was only coextensive with the estate which she took under the will, - that is to say, the power was granted her to dispose of her life-estate, and, consequently, that the estate conveyed by her deed to Cody determined upon her marriage with Pickering.
It was said by this court in Clarke v. Boorman's -Executors (18 Wall. 493), Mr. Justice Miller delivering its opinion, that "of all legal instruments wills are the most inartificial, the least to be governed in their construction by the settled use of

GILES v. LITTLE.

[Sup. Ct.

legal technical terms, the will itself being often the production of persons not only ignorant of law, but of the correct use of the language in which it is written. Under the state of the science of law as applicable to the construction of wills, it may well be doubted if any other source of enlightenment in the construction of a will is of as much assistance as the application of natural reason to the language of the instrument, under the light which may be thrown upon the intent of the testator by the extrinsic circumstances surrounding its execution, and connecting the parties and the property devised with the testator and with the instrument itself."
If we apply the methods thus indicated to the construction of the will of Jacob Dawson, there can, it seems to us, be no serious doubt about its meaning.
According to the averments of the petition, it appears that twelve days before his death Dawson executed his last will. At that time he was the owner of some real estate, and of personal property of the value of $958. He was the father of six living children, all of whom were minors, some of them very young, and all without any property in their own right. His wife, Edith J. Dawson, was the owner of real and personal property to the amount of $10,000 or more.
The promptings of natural affection would lead a testator so situated to provide in his will not only for his wife, but also for his infant children.
The disposition of his property is made by a single sentence in his will. It seems clear that his purpose was to give to his wife an estate for life in his property, subject to be divested on her contracting a second marriage, and on the determination of her interest, either by her death or marriage, then an estate in fee to his children. No man unversed in technical rules of construction can, it seems to us, read this will without coming to this conclusion. To hold otherwise would be to suppose the testator, in drafting his will, was governed by abstruse rules of law in regard to the effect of his expressions, of which, it is probable, he never heard, and had not the slightest conception.
The clause of the will which disposes of the testator's entire estate provides first for the payment of his lawful debts. The residue of his estate (after payment of debts) is then disposed

Oct. 1881.]

GILES v. LITTLE.

of as follows: " To my beloved wife Edith J. Dawson I give and bequeath all my estate, real and personal, of which I may die seised, the same to remain and be hers, with full power, right, and authority to dispose of the same as to her shall seem meet and proper so long as she shall remain my widow." This part of the disposing clause of the will is not open to doubt. The phrase, "so long as she shall remain my widow," refers to and qualifies the estate granted, as well as the power of disposition. The clear and undoubted meaning of the sentence is, that as long as the devisee remains the widow of the testator, his property, real and personal, shall remain and be hers, with full power to dispose of the same. This construction, so far as it concerns the estate granted, is so obvious that no discussion can make it any plainer. How large an estate the widow was empowered to dispose of will be considered hereafter..
But the testator, not satisfied with this unequivocal declaration of his purpose, and to leave no doubt of his intention, and to give direction to his property when the estate of his wife therein should determine, proceeds to add: " Upon the express condition that if she shall marry again, then it is my will that all of the estate herein bequeathed, or whatever may remain, should [shall] go to my surviving children, share and share alike."
It would be hard to express more clearly the purpose of the testator to devise to his wife an estate during her widowhood, and on its determination a remainder in fee to his children.
The contention, however, of the defendants in error is, that the testator by this will gave to his wife an absolute estate in fee-simple, with power, so long as she remained his widow, to dispose of it absolutely.
We find no warrant for this construction of the will, either in its terms or in the circumstances which surrounded the testator. The language is plain that the devisee was to take a life-estate, subject to be determined on her second marriage, with a limitation over to the children of the testator. His purpose was clearly expressed, to provide for his children as well as his widow, to give the latter all his estate as long as she remained his widow, but to put it out of her power to disinherit his children. According to the construction of the

GILES V. LITTLE.

[Sup. Ct.

defendants in error, the will gave her the power of absolute disposition during her widowhood, so that she could by her conveyance entirely divert the estate from his children; and, having done this, could contract a second marriage without the loss of any interest in the proceeds of the property devised to her by the testator.
We think it was not the purpose of the testator to devise an estate in fee to his wife. As already remarked, the devise is limited by the words "so long as she shall remain my widow." But even if these words were wanting, the limitation over to his children in case she should marry again would control and restrict the preceding words by which the estate was granted.
Smith v. Bell (6 Pet. 68) is in point. The will construed in that case declares: " I give to my wife Elizabeth Goodwin all my personal estate, whatsoever and wheresoever, and of what nature, kind, and quality soever, after payment of my debts, legacies, and funeral expenses, which personal estate I give and bequeath unto my said wife, Elizabeth Goodwin, to and for her own use and benefit and disposal absolutely, the remainder of said' estate, after her decease, to be for the use of said Jesse Goodwin," son of the testator; "and I do hereby constitute and appoint my said wife, Elizabeth Goodwin, sole executrix of this my last will and testament."
The court held that this was a devise to the testator's wife for life, with remainder to Jesse Goodwin. Mr. Chief Justice Marshall, in delivering its opinion, said: "It must be admitted that words could not have been employed which would be better fitted to give the whole personal estate absolutely to the wife, or which would more clearly express that intention. But the testator proceeds: ' The remainder of said estate to be for the use of the said Jesse Goodwin.' These words give the remainder of the estate, after his wife's decease, to the son, with as much clearness as the preceding words give the whole estate to his wife. They manifest the intention of the testator to make a future provision for his son as clearly as the first part of the bequest manifests his intention to make an immediate provision for his wife. . . . The limitation in remainder shows that, in the opinion of the testator, the previous words had given only an estate for life. This was the sense in which he used them."

Oct. 1881.]

GILES v. LITTLE.

This case establishes conclusively the contention of plaintiff in error, that the words of the will under consideration, granting an estate to the wife, grant only an estate for life, and not an estate in fee-simple.
But it is contended by defendants in error that there are words in the last clause of the will which imply an absolute power of disposition, and give to the children only what may remain undisposed of in the wife's hands at the termination of her estate. The clause is, " If she should marry again, then it is my will that all the estates herein bequeathed, or whatever may remain, shall go to my surviving children, share and share alike." The contention rests upon the words, "or whatever may remain," and is, that they imply that a part or all of the estate might be absolutely disposed of by the wife during her
widowhood. If the purpose of the testator in the disposition of his
property is what the other parts of his will clearly indicate, then these words cannot be construed to change that purpose. They can have operation without giving them that effect. He was seised of real estate and possessed of personal property. Both were included in the devise to the wife, and she was to have the enjoyment of both during her widowhood. The use of many species of personal property necessarily consumes it. The words under consideration may, therefore, fairly be construed to refer to the personalty, and the entire clause to give to his children a remainder in the real estate, and whatever of the personalty was not consumed by the widow during her widowhood.
This construction is warranted by the language of this court in Smith v. Bell (supra), which was as follows: " This suit is brought for slaves, a species of property not consumed by the use and in which a remainder may be limited after a life-estate. They composed a part, and probably the most important part, of the personal estate given to the wife, 'to and for her own use and benefit and disposal absolutely.' But in this personal estate, according to the usual condition of persons in the situation of the testator, there were trifling and perishable articles, such as stock on a farm, household furniture, the crop of the year, which would be consumed in the use, and over which the

GILES V. LITTLE.

[Sup. Ct.

exercise of absolute ownership was necessary to a full enjoyment. These may have been in the mind of the testator when he employed the strong words of the bequest to her."
This passage shows that, in order to carry out the evident purpose of the testator, general words which are applicable to property of different kinds may be restricted to property of a particular kind. For instance, that the phrase "or whatever may remain," in the will under consideration, may be limited to personal property only, though used in a sentence which applies to both real and personal estate.
On this subject Green v. Hewett, decided by the Supreme Court of Illinois (12 Cent. Law Jour. 58), is precisely in point. The will in that case provided as follows: "Second. After payment of such debts and funeral expenses, I give and bequeath to my beloved wife the farm on which we now reside; also all my personal property of every description, so long as she remains my widow, at the expiration of that time the whole, or whatsoever remains, to descend to my daughter, M. T."
The court held that under this devise the widow did not take a fee, and said: " The use of that expression [whatsoever remains] is of no vital significance, and cannot be permitted to override the clearly expressed intention that the widow should take a life-estate only."
The next position of the defendants in error is, that even conceding that the will gives the widow of testator an estate for life, yet it conferred on her during her widowhood the power to convey the entire estate in fee, and she having so conveyed, the defendants in error who claim under her have a good title.
But the authorities are adverse, and show that when a power of disposal accompanies a bequest or devise of a life-estate, the power is limited to such disposition as a tenant for life can make, unless there are other words clearly indicating that a larger power is intended.
Thus, in Brant v. Virginia Coal & Iron Co. (93 U. S.326), the words of the will were: "I give and bequeath to my beloved wife Nancy Sinclair all my estate, both real and personal; that is to say, all my lands, cattle, horses, sheep, farming

Oct. 1881.]

GILES V. LITTLE.

utensils, household and kitchen furniture, with everything that I possess, to have and to hold during her life, and to do with as she sees proper before her death."
By virtue of this power the widow undertook to convey the fee of the land. But this court, speaking by Mr. Justice Field, said: "The interest conveyed by the devise to the widow was only a life-estate. The language admits of no other conclusion; and the accompanying words, 'to do with as she sees proper before her death,' only conferred power to deal with the property in such manner as she might choose, consistently with that estate, and, perhaps, without liability for waste committed. The words used in connection with a conveyance of a leasehold estate would never be understood as conferring a power to sell the property so as to pass a greater estate. Whatever power of disposal the words confer is limited by the estate with which they are connected." See also Bradley v. Wescott, 13 Ves. Jr. 445; Simith v. Bell, supra; Boyd v. Strahan, 36 Ill. 355.
It is next insisted by the defendants in error that the statute of Nebraska, according to which the will must be construed, favors the construction contended for by them. The statute declares, "every devise of land, in any will hereafter made, shall be construed to convey all the estate of the devisor therein which he could lawfully devise, unless it shall appear by the will that the devisor intended to convey a less estate." General Statutes of Nebraska, sect. 124, c. 17. We are at a loss to see how the statute supports the view of one party to this suit more than the other. According to the construction of the plaintiff in error, the devise vested in the widow of the devisor a life-estate, remainder in fee to his children; according to the construction of defendants in error, it vested the fee in the widow. By either construction, the devise conveyed all the estate of the devisor in the property devised. This is all the statute demands.
Lastly, it is claimed by defendants in error that it is the settled rule that where a devisee, whose estate is undefined, is directed to pay debts, the devisee takes an estate in fee.
The rule has no application here, for, as we have seen, the estate of the devisee and executrix is clearly defined. A direc-

Ex PARTE WOOLLEN.

[Sup. Ct.

tion to pay debts cannot enlarge it. The case of Smith v. Bell (supra) is precisely in point against the application of the rule to this case.
We have no doubt about the true construction of this will. Edith J. Dawson took under it an estate for life in the testator's lands, subject to be divested on her ceasing to be his widow, with power to convey her qualified life-estate only. Her estate in the land and that of her grantees determined on her marriage with Pickering.
The judgment of the Circuit Court must, therefore, be reversed, and the cause remanded to that court, with directions to proceed in the case in conformity with this opinion; and it is
So ordered.

EX PARTE WOOLLEN.
The Circuit Court was authorized to dismiss an appeal thereto, which, at a term thereof then holding, was not entered therein within ten days after it had been taken from a decision of the District Court sitting in bankruptcy.
PETITION for a writ of mandamus. The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
Mr. Philip Phillips,Mr. Joseph E. McDonald,and Mr. John X/. Butler in support of the petition.
Mr. Samuel Shellabarger and Mr. Jeremiah M. Wilson in opposition thereto.
MR. CHIEF JUSTICE WAITE delivered the opinion of the court.
The petition in this case shows that a claim against a bankrupt estate was rejected by the District Court for the District of Indiana on the 19th of December, 1879, and that on the same day the creditor took an appeal to the Circuit Court under sect. 4980 of the Revised Statutes. When the appeal was taken the Circuit Court was in session. The term began on the first Tuesday of the preceding November, and continued without a final adjournment until late in April, 1880. The next

Oct. 1881.]

WALKER V. POWERS.

WALKER v. POWERS.
1. A judgment is satisfied when, under proceedings ordered by the proper court, the lands of the defendant are seized, sold, and conveyed by the sheriff to the plaintiff, he bidding for them the amount of the judgment, interest, and costs.
2. The assignee of a judgment founded on a contract cannot maintain a suit thereon in a court of the United States, unless such a suit might be there prosecuted had the assignment not been made.
3. A bill is subject to demurrer for multifariousness, if one of the two complainants has no standing in court, or where they set up antagonistic causes of action, or the relief for which they respectively pray in regard to a portion of the property sought to be reached involves totally distinct questions, requiring different evidence and leading to different decrees.
4. Where real estate is alleged to have been conveyed in fraud of the grantor's creditors, and they, after his death, file their bill to subject it to the payment of their debts, - Quare, Are his heirs or devisees necessary parties.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of New York.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
The case was argued by Mr. Joseph P. Whittemore for the appellants, and by Mr. William P. Gogswell for the appellees.
Mu. JUSTICE MILLER delivered the opinion of the court. This is a suit in chancery by Walker and Whittemore, the general purpose of which is to declare null and void certain sales and conveyances of real estate in New York, owned by Nelson P. Stewart, and to subject it to the payment of his debts. At the time of the transactions mentioned in the bill he was a citizen of Michigan. He died there in the year 1863, and George K. Johnson was appointed administrator of his estate in 1874. No letters of administration were issued in New York. The debt on which Walker counts was a simple-contract debt, which was allowed by the probate judge in Michigan. The foundation of Whittemore's claim for relief is two judgments. One was recovered by him against Stewart in a court of New York on the 20th of August, 1862, and docketed on the 28th of that month in Monroe County, where the land in controversy is situated; the other was rendered ia favor of

WALKER V. POWERS.

[Sup. Ct.

Elisha W. Chester, docketed about the same time, and assigned to Whittemore in 1872.
As regards the judgment in favor of Whittemore, the bill alleges that he, after the death of Stewart, instituted a proceeding in the nature of a scire facias against the terre-tenant in the proper court, and obtained an order under which the property so frequently mentioned in the bill as " Congress Hall," a hotel in the city of Rochester, was sold to him on a bid amounting to the debt, interest, and costs, and that he received the sheriff's deed for the property, on which he brought an action of ejectment, which is now pending.
The bill then charges a variety of transactions connected with the sale of this and other real estate under judicial proceedings against Stewart in his lifetime, and with conveyances made by him of the same, all of which are said to be fraudulent, and in pursuance of a conspiracy on the part of Stewart, the purchasers and others, to hinder and delay his creditors, and defeat them in the collection of their debts. The bill alleges that other large debts are held by numerous creditors, in behalf of whom, as well as of the complainants, the bill purports to be brought. Some of the real estate is alleged to be in the -hands of innocent purchasers for value. Most of those charged with conspiracy are dead. The heirs or devisees of Stewart, though. named, are not parties to the bill; nor, indeed, can they be made defendants, because they and the complainants ate citizens of Michigan. The administrator lives in that State, and though a creditor, as the bill alleges, to the amount of $80,000, is not made a party, nor is any reason given why he did not take out administration in New York, as it would have been eminently proper for him to do.
The bill was dismissed on demurrer, and this appeal is taken by the complainants.
It will be perceived that Whittemore, the principal complainant, founds his right to relief on two totally distinct causes of action. In one he asserts that, by virtue of a judicial sale, he is the owner of Congress Hall, and has a complete legal title thereto, on which he is prosecuting an action of ejectment. The bill shows that, by the sale under which he became such owner, his judgment against Stewart was satis-

Oct. 1881.]

WALKER V. POWERS.

fled; and as the execution must be presumed to have been returned to the proper office with the sheriff's proceeding indorsed, the judgment stands satisfied by the record of the court in which it was rendered. He has made no attempt to set aside this satisfaction, but, on the contrary, he is by this bill insisting on the fruit of that satisfaction, by endeavoring to remove the cloud on his title, created by the fraudulent proceedings of which he complains. In reference to that judgment he is no longer a creditor of Stewart, nor has he any debt chargeable on or provable against Stewart's estate. What interest founded on this judgment has he, then, in any other property which Stewart held in his lifetime, or in the administration of the assets of his estate? How can he, on the foundation of that judgment, inquire into frauds in regard to other property than that which he bought? What interest apart from the judgment in favor of Chester has he in common with other creditors of Stewart, and how can he maintain any joint suit with them?
So far from being able to do this, or having any common interest with them, he asserts a right in conflict with their interests. If the claim of the defendants who are in possession of Congress Hall, the only property of much value men-
tioned in the bill, should be declared void as against Stewart's creditors, then, while it is their interest to subject it to the general administration among all the creditors, we have Whit-
temore asserting that this result inures to his sole benefit, as he has already taken steps by which he has become the exclusive owner when the frauds are swept out of the way.
It is impossible to see, therefore, what interest founded on that judgment Whittemore has in a general administration of the assets of Stewart, or that he has any interest in common with Walker or the other creditors, or a right to call upon
the defendants other than those setting up claim to Congress
Hall. This view involves no hardship on Whittemore. He has
satisfied his debt against Stewart's estate by the purchase of that property. The matters he now sets up can be litigated with the adverse claimants in a separate suit, which would
concern him and them alone.

WALKER V. POWERS.

[Sup. Ct.

In reference to the judgment in favor of Chester, on which, as his assignee, Whittemore asks relief, it is urged as ground of demurrer, that Chester being a citizen of the same State with Stewart, his assignee is incapable of prosecuting this suit in a Federal court. It was brought in 1876, and the question here raised must be decided by a construction of the act of March 3, 1875, c. 137. 18 Stat., pt. 3, p. 470.
The first section of that act, after declaring in terms intended to be exhaustive, the jurisdiction of the Circuit Courts of the United States, and certain limitations on that jurisdiction, as to residence and service of process on defendants, adds this further restriction: " Nor shall any Circuit or District Court have cognizance of any suit founded on contract in favor of an assignee, unless a suit might have been prosecuted in such court to recover thereon, if no assignment had been made, except in cases of promissory notes, negotiable by the law merchant, and hills of exchange."
Since Whittemore cannot sustain this suit on the ground of his own judgment against Stewart, because that is satisfied by the sale of property, the only other ground on which he can succeed is as the owner of this judgment in favor of Chester. That judgment is, then, the foundation of his suit in the Circuit Court. It is a cause of action which he holds by assignment from a party who cannot sue in that court. Without this cause of action he has no standing in court, and has no right to ask the court to inquire into the other matters alleged in the bill. It is as much the foundation of his right to bring the present suit as if it were a bond and mortgage on which he was asking a decree of foreclosure. See Sheldon v. Sill, 8 How. 441.
If, then, the judgment is a contract, it gives Whittemore no right to sue in the courts of the United States for New York. There is some conflict in the authorities as to whether a judgment eo nomine is a contract. In I Story on Contracts, sect. 2, they are divided into three classes, in the first of which judgments are mentioned with recognizances, statutes staple, &c. It is, however, permissible in all cases, where justice requires it, to inquire into the nature of the demand on which the judgment was rendered. If rendered on a contract, the judgment

Oct. 1881.]

WALKER V. POWERS.

is a contract, the nature and extent of the liability having been thereby judicially ascertained.
The bill in this case alleges that "the debt on which this judgment was recovered accrued in the year 1858." It was, therefore, recovered on a contract, and the present suit is a suit to give a remedy on that contract, and any decree rendered in favor of the complainant would be intended to enable him to recover the money due on the contract.
The Circuit Court, if the judgment of Chester had been there recovered, might have jurisdiction of the case to remove obstructions to the enforcement of its own judgment, no matter who for the time being was its owner. But where a party comes for the first time in a court of the United States to obtain its aid in enforcing the judgment of a State court, he must have a case of which the former court can entertain original jurisdiction. Christmas v. Russell, 5 Wall. 290.
It remains to be seen whether the suit can be prosecuted further on the part of Walker.
A very learned argument, with a review of the authorities, is made by counsel for the appellants to show that it is not essential to the relief sought that there should be a judgment and an execution returned nulla bona.
We do not think it necessary to enter upon the consideration of that question as the case is presented to us.
If what we have already said of the standing of Whittemore is sound, the bill is liable to the objection of multifariousness -one of the points specified in the demurrer -on almost
every ground on which that objection may be taken to a bill in chancery.
1. There is a misjoinder of parties complainant. There are but two complainants. Whittemore, as we have seen, has no standing in the court, and is, therefore, improperly joined with Walker, if Walker has such a standing ; and the defendants cannot be required, in litigating with Walker any right he may have against them, to contest with Whittemore, who on his own showing has no right in that court. It is true the difficulty could have been removed if Whittemore had by an amendment been dismissed from the case. This might have been done after the demurrer was sustained. But

WALKER V. POWERS.

[Sup. Ct.

no such leave was asked, and the bill, as it originally stood, was dismissed.
2. The causes of action and the relief sought in regard to Congress Hall and the other property are distinct, in some respects antagonistic, and such as cannot properly be joined in the same suit. Whittemore seeks to have his title established in regard to Congress Hall, and the cloud on it created by the fraudulent sales and conveyances removed, so that he may be declared to be the owner of that property. In this matter no one is interested but himself and one of the defendants. The prayer of the bill is that the other property may be subjected to the payment of Stewart's debts; and in this Walker and all the other creditors of Stewart are interested, and Ten Eyck also as defendant.
A case bearing a strong analogy to the one before ns is .Emansv. Emans, 14 N. J. Eq. 114.
After a partition of real estate among part owners, a controversy arose as to its fairness, which was submitted to arbitrators. They awarded that the defendant should convey to the complainant 23.30 acres to equalize the partition. The bill prayed that the defendant might be decreed specifically to per-
form the award; if not, that the court should declare how much more and what lands he should convey to make the partition equal; and, lastly, for general relief. On demurrer for multifariousness the court says: "The leading object of this bill is to enforce specifie performance of an award of arbitrators. The submission to arbitration related to the fraud or unfairness of a partition of certain lands devised to the parties, and included the power of making a just partition. A new partition was in fact made. If the award cannot be enforced, the bill further asks that the court will relieve against the unfairness or fraud of the partition. Now, it is apparent that these are matters of a distinct character. The one relates to the validity of the submission and award and the power and propriety of enforcing a specific performance, and the other to the equity and fairness of the partition. The matters involve totally distinct questions, requiring different evidence, and leading to different decrees."
Another analogous case is Sawyer v. Noble and Randall, 55 Me. 227.

Oct. 1881.]

WALKER V. POWERS.

Sawyer and Noble were partners. The bill charges Noble with many improper transactions justifying a dissolution of the partnership, and, among others, a fraudulent and pretended sale of the stock in trade and the good-will of the business to Randall, his co-defendant. It prays that this sale may be set aside and the partnership dissolved, and an account and settlement be had between the complainant and Noble. The court says: " It is obvious that Randall is in no way interested in the partnership affairs of Sawyer, and that the settlement of the affairs of the firm and the rescission of a fraudulent sale are distinct and unconnected matters, and properly to be determined in separate suits."
By multifariousness " is meant the improperly joining in one bill distinct and independent matters, and thereby confounding them; as, for example, the uniting in one bill of several matters, perfectly distinct and unconnected, against one defendant, or the demand of several matters of a distinct and independent nature against several defendants in the same bill." Story, Eq. P1., sect. 271. In Daniell's Chancery Practice, 335, it is said in explanation of this that "it may be that the plaintiffs and defendants are parties to the whole of the transactions which form the subject of the suit, and, nevertheless, those transactions may be so dissimilar that the court will not allow them to be joined together, but will require distinct
records."
3. It seems to us, also, though of that we are not quite so sure, that if this real estate is to be subjected to the payment of Stewart's debts, Frederick S. Stewart, Helen W. McConnell, and Adeline M. Johnson, who are alleged to be his only heirs and the devisees in his unprobated will, should be parties to the bill. The mere allowance of the debt of Walker by the Probate Court is not conclusive evidence against them in a suit to reach the real estate of their ancestor and devisor.
The State where the lands sought to be reached are situate has, by statute, enabled her courts to entertain jurisdiction of necessary parties not within reach of process, and greatly modified the rules of practice and pleading. It is possible that this bill, or some part of it, might, by making additional parties, be sustained in one of her courts. But we are satis-

THOMIPSON V. INSURANCE CO.

[Sup. Ct.

fled that the effort to prosecute it in the Circuit Court of the

United States, with the misjoinder of some parties and the non-

joinder of others, - with the connection of matters totally dis-

tinct in the right asserted and the relief sought, - and with

the principal party complainant entitled to no relief there, is

attended with insuperable difficulties, and that the bill was

properly dismissed.

.Decree affrmed.

THOMPSON V. INSURANCE COMPANY.
1. The payment of the annual premium upon a policy of life insurance is a condition subsequent, the non-performance of which may or may not, according to circumstances, work a forfeiture of the policy.
2. Where the policy provides that it shall be forfeited upon the failure of the assured to pay the annual premium ad diem, or to pay at maturity his promissory note therefor, the acceptance by the company of the note, although a waiver of such payment of the premium, brings into operation so much of the condition as relates to the note.
8. The omission of the company to give notice, according to its usage, of the day upon which the note will be due is not an excuse for non-payment. Insurance Company v. Egqleston (96 U. S. 572) distinguished.
4. A parol agreement entered into at the time of giving and accepting such note cannot be set up to contradict the terms of the note and policy.
5. The failure to pay or tender the amount due on the note held in this case to be fatal to a recovery on the policy.
ERROR to the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Alabama.
This was an action on a policy of insurance for $5,000, issued by the Knickerbocker Life Insurance Company, the defendant in error, on the life of John Y. Thompson, for the benefit of his wife, Ruth E. Thompson, the plaintiff in error. The policy bore date Jan. 24, 1870, and was to continue during his life, in consideration of an annual premium of $410.20, payable on or before the twenty-fourth day of January in every year. He died Nov. 3, 1874. The complaint was in the usual form, setting forth the contract contained in the policy, his death, and the performance of the conditions of the policy by him and the plaintiff. The company pleaded the

COLLINS V. RILEY.

[Sup. Ct.

COLLINS V. RILEY.

1. Land in Virginia, whereof the owner died seised in 1823, descended to his married daughter. In January, 1868, she and A., her husband, conveyed it in fee, and shortly thereafter died, he predeceasing her. In that year and after her death, B., their grantee, brought ejectment. The jury returned a special verdict, setting forth substantially the above facts and finding that the right of A. was, at the date of the conveyance to B., barred by the Statute of Limitations. Ield, in view of the provisions of the code of that State (i fra, pp. 324, 325, 326), that the facts so found entitle B. to recover, inasmuch as it does not appear therefrom that her title or right of entry, which passed by the conveyance, was barred at the date thereof, or at the commencement of the suit.
2. A verdict for the plaintiff, if it declares that the land in dispute "was claimed by the defendants," is in substantial compliance with the requirements of
the code.

ERRoR to the District Court of the United States for the

District of West Virginia.

Riley claiming to be the owner in fee-simple of a large body

of land, containing 3,000 acres, consisting of several tracts in

the county of Ritchie, State of West Virginia, brought this

action, on the 28th of March, 1868, to recover the same from

the plaintiffs in error, who, it is alleged, unlawfully withheld

from him the possession thereof. The plea, following the re-

quirements of the local law, was, " not guilty of unlawfully

withholding the premises claimed by the plaintiff in his declara-

tion." A trial resulted in a verdict for the defendants, which

was, on motion, set aside. Upon a second trial the jury found

for him, the verdict being in these words: "We, the jury,

find for the plaintiff the land described in the declaration

[here follows a description of the boundary of the entire tract

of 3,000 acres], except as to two undivided thirds of [here

follows a description of separate tracts, aggregating 1,834 acres,

and claimed by the respective defendants]. And as to the

two-thirds of the lands hereinbefore described and excepted,

we find for the said defendants ; and as to the remaining one-

third of the lands hereinbefore excepted, and claimed by the

said defendants, we find the following facts : That Frederick

Swetzer died on the

day of

, 1823, possessed in

fee of lot No. 4 and the lower half of No. 5, as hereinbefore

Oct. 1881.]

COLLINS V. RILEY.

found for the plaintiff, leaving three heirs-at-law who inherited

said property, one of whom, Polly, had, prior to his death,

intermarried with Abraham Wagoner ; and that subsequently

to his death, to wit, on the

day of January, 1868, the

said Abraham Wagoner and Polly his wife conveyed to the

plaintiff in this cause all right and title in said lands ; and

that before the commencement of this suit Abraham Wagoner

died, on the

day of February, 1868, and the said Polly

Wagoner died afterwards, on the

day of March, 1868;

and we further find that, at the date of the deed executed by

the said Abraham and Polly Wagoner to the plaintiff in this

cause, the said Abraham Wagoner's right to recover against

the said defendants was barred by the Statute of Limitations.

Upon this state of facts as to the interest of Polly Wagoner,

if the law be for the plaintiff, then we find for the plaintiff

in fee the remaining one-third of the several tracts of land

claimed as aforesaid by the defendants, and of which two-

thirds have been found for them; if the law be for the defend-

ants, then we find for the said defendants the one undivided

third part of the said land conveyed by the said Abraham

Wagoner and wife, of which we have herein found two un-

divided third parts for the defendants."

Riley moved the court to enter judgment in his behalf upon

the special verdict. The defendants moved to arrest judgment

for him, and, " for various reasons appearing upon the face of

the record," to enter judgment in their favor. The motion of

the plaintiff was granted and that of the defendants denied,

whereupon they sued out this writ of error.

Mr. Robert S. Blair and Mr. Edwin Maxwell for the plaintiffs in error.
Mr. Gideon Draper Camden, contra.

MR. JUSTICE HARLAN, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
On behalf of Riley it is contended that the verdict is a general finding in his favor as to the undivided one-third of the several tracts claimed by the defendants respectively, and should be followed by a judgment for him, unless the facts, specially stated, preclude his recovery. In that view we are

COLLINS V. RILEY.

[Sup. Ct.

unable to concur. The finding is, in form, a special verdict as to the undivided one-third of the lands in controversy, and was so treated, in the court below, by both parties. It has all the essential requisites of a special verdict, which is one wherein the jury "state the naked facts, as they find them to be proved, and pray the advice of the court thereon ; concluding conditionally, that if upon the whole matter the court should be of opinion that the plaintiff had a cause of action, they then find for the plaintiff; if otherwise, then for the defendant." 3 Bl. Com., p. 377. The inquiry, therefore, is not whether the facts stated prevent the court from entering a judgment in favor of Riley, in pursuance of a general finding for him, but whether the facts stated-" this state of facts as to the interest of Polly Wagoner " - affirmatively establish his right to any judgment against the present defendants for the recovery of that interest.
The main proposition advanced by the plaintiffs in error is that even if Riley, as between himself and his grantors, acquired that interest by an effectual conveyance, this action was barred by the Statute of Limitations.
The statute, which, it is conceded, governs this case pro-
vides, -
That no person shall make an entry on, or bring an action to recover, any land, but within fifteen years next after the time at which the right to make such entry, or to bring such action, shall have first accrued to himself, or to some person through whom he claims. Va. Code, 1860, tit. 45, c. 149, sect. 1.
That if, at the time the right shall have first accrued, such person was an infant, married woman, or insane, then such person, or the person claiming through him, may, notwithstanding the period of fifteen years shall have expired, make an entry on, or bring an action to recover, such land, within ten years next after the time at which the person to whom such right shall have first accrued shall have ceased to be under such disability as existed when the same so accrued, or shall have died, whichever shall first have happened. Id., sect. 3.
A subsequent section makes the foregoing limitations of the right of entry on, or action for, land subject to these provisos:

Oct. 1881.]

COLLINS V. RILEY.

that no such entry shall be made or action brought, by any person who, at the time at which his right to make or bring the same shall have first accrued, shall be under any such disability, or by any person claiming through him, but within thirty years next after the time at which such right shall have first accrued, although the person, under disability at such time, may have remained under the same during the whole of such thirty years, or although the term of ten years from the period at which he shall have ceased to be under any such disability, or have died, shall not have expired. And, further, when any person shall be under any such disability at the time at which his right to make an entry or bring an action shall have first accrued, and shall depart this life without having ceased to be under any such disability, no time to make an entry, or to bring an action, beyond the fifteen years next after the right of such person shall have first accrued, or the ten years next after the period of his death, shall be allowed by reason of any disability of any other person.
Sect. 4. Recurring to the facts stated in the special verdict, it will
be observed that Polly Wagoner was under the disability of coverture at the time she inherited the lands in controversy. The interest thus inherited nevertheless passed to Riley by the conveyance of January, 1868, unless her rights had been previously lost through adverse possession or hostile claim by others. But whether there was, prior to that conveyance, any such adverse possessior or hostile claim, even as against the husband, is not distinctly found. The special verdict, it is true, states that the husband's right to recover against the defendants was barred by the Statute of Limitations. That, we think, is a conclusion of law, rather than a statement of facts upon which it rests. If, however, we give that finding the fullest effect claimed for it,- viz. that the defendants had held continuous adverse possession of, or had asserted a hostile claim to, the lands, long enough to bar an action upon the part of the husband, - we are still not informed by the special verdict as to the time such adverse possession, in fact, commenced, or when such hostile claim was, in fact, first asserted by defendants. It may have existed for only fifteen years prior to

COLLINS V. RILEY.

[Sup. Ct.

the conveyance by Wagoner and wife to Riley. If it continued for that length of time, the husband's right to the possession of the lands would, under the statute, have been lost. But if adverse possession, or an adverse claim by defendants, for that length of time, be conceded, - and there is no reason why it should be presumed to have continued for a longer period, - it would not follow that the wife's right of entry was barred. The statute expressly declares that a woman shall not be barred of her right of entry into land, even by a judgment in her husband's lifetime, by default or collusion; and, further, that " no conveyance, or other act suffered or done by the husband only, of any land which is the inheritance of the wife, shall be or make any discontinuance thereof, or be prejudicial to the wife or her heirs, or to any one having right or title to the same by her death, but they may respectively enter into such land, according to their right and title therein, as if no such act had been done." Va. Code, 1860, c. 133, sect. 2, p. 608.
If the special verdict bad stated that defendants, and those under whom they claim, had adversely held and claimed the land for a period sufficiently long, anterior to January, .1868, to show that the wife, notwithstanding the disability of coverture, had been barred of her right of action, then the law would be with the defendants. But no such facts are found. The verdict is, as we have seen, wholly silent as to when their adverse possession or claim commenced ; and the court is asked to adjudge, as matter of law, that she was barred, simply because, at the date of the conveyance to Riley, her husband's right to recover was cut off by limitation. By the express words of the statute she had ten years after the disability of coverture was removed in which to assert her right of entry, provided thirty years from the date when her right first accrued had not expired. Notwithstanding, therefore, her husband's right of possession may have been barred when the deed to Riley was made, that conveyance, in the absence of evidence that she was barred, must be held to have passed whatever interest she then had in the lands.
Further, if it be conceded, as perhaps it must be, that the husband and wife-the former being barred-could not

Oct. 1881.]

COLLINS V. RILEY.

have brought a joint action to recover the lands, and that during the life of the husband Riley could not have asserted his rights, as against the defendants, it would not follow that he got nothing by the conveyance. TIe certainly did acquire the wife's interest ; and, when her disability was removed, he could enter upon the land, or bring an action for its recovery, precisely as she could have done, upon the death of the husband, had she not joined in the conveyance. This is clear from a comparison of the Limitation Act of Virginia, passed Feb. 25, 1819, with the provision of the code of 1860. The former, while prescribing twenty years as the time within which an action for the recovery of land must be brought, gave to infants, feme coverts, and others under disability, and to their heirs, ten years after such disability was removed, in which to sue, notwithstanding twenty years may have passed after the right to sue accrued. Va. Rev. Code, 1819, vol. i. p. 488. On the other hand, the code of 1860, as we have seen, saved the rights of those who claimed through the person to whoni the right of entry or action accrued. Riley, undoubtedly, claimed through the wife, and could sue by virtue of his ownership of her interest, because she could have sued, had no conveyance been made.
But it is argued that the special verdict must contain all the facts from which the law is to arise; that whatever is not found therein is, for the purposes of a decision, to be considered as not existing ; that it must present, in substance, the whole
matter upon which the court is asked to determine the legal rights of the parties, and cannot, therefore, be aided by intendment or by extrinsic facts, although such facts may appear elsewhere in the record. It is not necessary, in the view we take of this case, to controvert any of these propositions. They undoubtedly embody a correct statement, as far as it goes, of the law in reference to special verdicts. But we do not perceive that their application in this case would lead to any result different from the one already indicated. We have taken the special verdict as presenting the whole case as to Polly Wagoner's interest in the lands. It shows that Swetzer, under whom both sides claim, was, at his death, the owner of the land ; that upon his death an undivided third thereof was

328.

COLLINS V. RILEY.

[Sup. Ct.

inherited by his daughter Polly; and that her interest was conveyed, in 1868, to Riley, by the joint deed of herself and husband. No fact is stated justifying the conclusion that her interest in the land had been lost, prior to the conveyance, either by adverse possession or by adverse claim. If such fact existed it was the duty of the defendants, who relied upon limitation, to have established it by proof, and caused it to be stated in the special verdict. The record contains no bill of exceptions, and were we at liberty to look beyond the special verdict, we should find in the record no evidence wbatever upon that point. We cannot presume that any such evidence
was offered. It was not for Riley to prove that Mrs. Wagoner's right had not been lost by adverse possession or adverse claim by others. That was matter of defence. Counsel for the plaintiffs in error have proceeded, in their argument, upon the assumption that the special verdict sets forth facts showing that her right was barred, at the time of the conveyance to Riley, or at the commencement of the action. But evidently it shows nothing more than that the husband was barred, as to
his right of possession. Another proposition advanced by counsel for plaintiffs in
error deserves notice. It is, that the special verdict does not show that they were, at the institution of the suit, in possession of, or claimed title to, the interest of Polly Wagoner in the lands, in dispute.
By the code of Virginia of 1860 it is declared that " if the jury be of opinion [in actions of ejectment] for the plaintiffs, or any of them, the verdict shall be for the plaintiffs, or such of them as appear to have right to the possession of the premises, or any part thereof, and against such of the defendants as were in possession thereof, or claimed title thereto, at the commencement of the action." p. 612. There was a similar provision in the code of 1849, p. 561. The verdict in this case is in substantial conformity with this statutory requirement. The issue to be tried was whether the defendants unlawfully withheld from the plaintiff the premises described in the declaration. The verdict finds for the defendants as to the undivided two-thirds of the land in dispute. If that be not, in legal effect, a finding that defendants were in possession of the

Oct. 1881.]

WOOD V. RAILROAD CO.

entire land, there is a finding that defendants, respectively, claimed title to the several tracts in controversy. The verdict describes by metes and bounds each tract embraced in the suit, giving the name of each defendant by whom it is claimed, and finding for defendants as to two-thirds, undivided, of the respective tracts. It then proceeds to find as "to the remaining one-third of the lands hereinbefore excepted, and claimed by said defendants." Although the verdict does not state, in terms, that the defendants were in possession, it does state that they claimed the lands in dispute. And that seems to be sufficient under the local law. In reference to the case of Southgate v. Walker (2 W. Va. 427), it is sufficient to say that it related to an action of ejectment commenced in 1848, before the adoption of the above-recited provision. We are referred to no decision of the State court in conflict with the construction we have given to that provision.
We deem it unnecessary to comment upon any other objections urged against the special verdict. There is no error in the judgment, and it is
Affirmed.

WooD v. RAILROAD COMPANY.
1. The grant of ten odd-numbered sections of land per mile to the Burlington and Missouri River Railroad Company by the act of July 2, 1864, c. 216 (13 Stat. 356), was in prousenti, and although not expressly requiring them to be taken within any specific lateral limit, necessarily implied that they should consist of those nearest to the line of road upon which the grant could, consistently with its exceptions and reservations, take effect.
2. Where the odd-numbered sections within the limit of twenty miles from the line were, conformably to the act, withdrawn, - Held, that so much of the land thereby embraced as was not sold, reserved, or otherwise disposed of, or to which, a pre-emption or a homestead claim had not attached, was subject to the grant, and that no right in conflict therewith could be thereafter acquired.
3. United States v. Burlington 4- M1issouri River Railroad Co. (98 U. S. 834) commented on.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Nebraska.

Oct. 1881.]

HEWITT V. PIHELPS.

393

HEWITT V. PHELPS.
1. From the decree of a State court rendered in 1874 an appeal was in 1876 taken to the Supreme Court, where, in 1877, the decree was reversed and the cause remanded, "with leave to both parties to amend pleadings as they may be advised, and to take testimony, and for an account to be taken in accordance with the views contained in the opinion" of the court. On the day after the mandate was received in the court of original jurisdiction the defendant filed his petition, praying that, by reason of the citizenship of the parties, the cause be removed to the proper Circuit Court of the United States. Iield,that neither the date when, nor the stage of the cause at which, the petition was filed precluded the removal under the act of March 3, 1875, c. 137. .1ifkcins v. Sweetzer (102 U. S. 177) distinguished.
2. A., and B., his wife, conveyed her separate property to a trustee upon trust for her use during her life, and in remainder in fee for the use of her children living at the time of her death. Tlie deed reserves to her the power to sell and exchange the property, and declares ' that the trustee is to permit A., as agent for the trustee, and as agent and trustee for said B. during her life, and as agent and trustee for her children after her death, to superintend, possess, manage, and control the property for the benefit of all concerned." The trustee was not to be responsible for the acts or conduct of A. The latter was, however, for the purposes of the deed, to be a cotrustee, but neither had power to charge the property for any future liability beyond the support of A. during his life. A. survived B. and died insolvent. A bill was filed against the trustee and the child of B., alleging that upon A.'s order the complainant had advanced moneys and furnished supplies which were used for the benefit of the trust estate, and praying that it be subjected to the payment of the claim. Held, that the bill was properly dismissed.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi.
The facts are stated inthe opinion of the court.
Mr. William L. N7(gent for the appellants. MVr. James Z. George, Mr. Charles W. Clarce, and MI'. E. Jeffords for the appellees.
MR. JUSTICE MATTHEWS delivered the opinion of the court.
Hewitt, Norton, & Company, the appellants, filed their bill in equity, April 17, 1869, in the Chancery Court of Washington County, Mississippi, against Phelps and wife, the appellees, and Jonathan Pearce, praying that certain real estate in that State, which had been conveyed by Sarah Vick to Pearce upon

HEWITT V. PHELPS.

[Sup. Ct.

certain trusts, and of which Mrs. Phelps was the sole beneficiary, be charged with certain sums, which the appellants allege they had advanced to the trustee, and for which they claimed that the trust estate was liable.
The appellees were served with process; Pearce was brought in by publication. The cause having been put at issue, the bill was, for want of equity, dismissed on final hearing, Nov. 7, 1874. From this decree an appeal was taken, but not until March 30, 1876, when it was thus removed to the Supreme Court of the State. It was disposed of in that Court May 21, 1877, by a decree reversing the decree of the court below, and remanding the cause, " with leave to both parties to amend pleadings as they may be advised, and to take testimony, and for an account to be taken in accordance with the views contained in the opinion " of the court, which is to be found reported under the name of Norton v. Phelps, 54 Miss. 467. The mandate of the Supreme Court was filed in the Chancery Court of Washington County, June 7, 1877, and on the same day a petition for the removal of the cause to the Circuit Court of the United States for that district was presented by Phelps and wife, on the ground that at the time of the commencement of the suit they were citizens of Kentucky, and had continued so to be at all times since, the plaintiffs during the same period being citizens of Louisiana, which was granted, bond given and approved, and transcript filed in the Circuit Court on Aug. 4, 1877. On Nov. 20, 1877, the appellants moved to remand the cause, which the Circuit Court refused to do. This ruling of the court is first assigned for error under the present appeal.
The contention of the appellants is that the Circuit Court had no jurisdiction to proceed with the cause, because, first, the suit was not pending at the time of the passage of the act of March 3, 1875, c. 137, nor thereafter brought, and, therefore, not within the purview of that act; and, second, because, at the time the removal was effected, the trial of the cause in the State court had already taken place, or at least begun and was in progress, whereas the act requires that the petition for removal shall be filed before the trial thereof.
In our opinion neither of these positions is tenable. Whe-

Oct. 1881.]

O HEWITVT. PHELPS.

ther, after final decree and before appeal is perfected, a purchaser of the subject of the suit is affected with the notice of lis pendens may be a question; although a distinction in this respect is made by some of the authorities between an appeal in equity and a writ of error, the latter being considered a new proceeding, not pending until service of citation, while the former is regarded as a step in the progress of the cause. But, in contemplation of the act above mentioned, there are and can be but two classes of suits: one, those pending at the time of its passage; the other, those thereafter brought. Of course, a suit terminated has ceased to be a suit. Confessedly the present is a suit, and could not be said, at the time the act was passed, to have ended, although the decree was final in respect to the Court of Chancery which had rendered it, and would have become so between the parties if no appeal had been taken within the time limited by law. But until that period had elapsed it was still a lis 1pendens, in the sense that the party against whom the decree had been rendered had the right by an appeal further to prosecute it. It was not the beginning of a new suit: it was but one additional step in the progress of an existing one.
The second ground of exception to the removal of the cause is maintained in argument upon the authority of Jifkcins v. Sweetzer (102 U. S.177); but that case does not govern this. That decision turned upon the fact that the judgment of the Supreme Court of the State " disposed of the case finally upon its merits, and nothing remained to be done but to continue the hearing already begun until the necessary accounts could be taken, and the details of a final decree settled." But here, although the Supreme Court of Mississippi passed in its opinion upon the merits of the case, as disclosed by the record then before it, nevertheless, in remanding the cause, "' with leave to both parties to amend pleadings as they may be advised, and to take testimony," the whole matter was open and at large, as though the cause had never been at issue; and the clause providing "for an account to be taken in accordance with the views contained in the opinion rendered herein," must be understood as qualified by the, previous part of the order, and as obligatory upon the Court of Chancery only as a declaration of general

HEWITT V. PHELPS.

[SLIP. Ct.

principles, to be applied as the facts should thereafter appear. It was not a judgment which operated as an estoppel between the parties. It was neither final nor conclusive. In point of fact, after the removal of the cause into the Circuit Court the parties availed themselves of the leave granted, and filed new and amended pleadings. The cause then stood in that court just as it would have stood in the State court, but for the removal; i. e., for a rehearing upon the merits, and not for the purpose of merely executing the judgment of the appellate court, as in the case of -Duncanv. Gegan, 101 U. S. 810. Being properly removed, the parties are subject to that administration of law which is approved in the judicial tribunals of the
United States, whose jurisdiction is thus invoked, as was held in King v. Worthington, 104 id. 44.
The Circuit Court having acquired jurisdiction, on final hearing, upon demurrer, dismissed the bill. We are now required by the appeal to review that decree.
The allegations upon which the alleged equity of the appellants is supposed to arise are, in substance, as follows:-
On May 4, 1850, Sarah Vick and Henry W. Vick, her husband, executed and delivered to Jonathan Pearce a deed, conveying to him all the property which she then owned as separate property, including a plantation, slaves, utensils, and stock in Washington County, Mississippi, the subject of the present suit, upon trust, nevertheless, for her sole and separate use during her life, and in remainder in fee for the use of her children living at the time of her death. It was provided that the proceeds of the property in Washington and Issaquena Counties, and such parts of it as might be sold, should be applied to the payment of a debt due to the Bank of the United States, after the payment of which, the proceeds, over what was necessary to support the plantation and family, were to be invested for the benefit of all her children living at the time of her death. It was also provided that she should retain possession of the property during her life, with power to sell or exchange any part, but any property received in exchange to be subject to the trusts ; " provided further," the deed continued, "that said trustee is to permit the said Henry W. Vick, as agent for said trustee, and as agent and trustee for said Sarah

Oct. 1881.]

HEWITT v. PHELPS.

Vick, during her life, and as agent and trustee for her children after her death, to superintend, possess, manage, and control said property for the benefit of all concerned: said Henry W. Vick is to have power to sell and exchange said property after the death of said Sarah Vick, and apply the proceeds to the payment of the debt due to the trustee of the Bank of the United States; or, if the said debt is paid, the proceeds of the debt to be reinvested and be subject to the trusts of this deed." Provision is then made for applying a fund due to her fron property in the hands of Colonel Durden, held by him in trust for creditors of Colonel Vick, to the payment of certain debts due from Henry W. Vick, but, it is added, "all the debts (aforesaid) to be paid by Colonel Vick, if he is able to do so, and it is only in case lie is not able that it is to be paid out of said fund ; provided, further, that said property is always to stand charged for the payment of such amount for the liberal support and maintenance of the said Henry W. Vick during his natural life." The concluding clause in the deed is as follows: " My intention is, that said Henry W. Vick shall be regarded for the purposes of this deed, not merely as an agent, but also a co-trustee, and I desire he may be required to give no security for the performance of his duties, and the said Jonathan Pearce is not in any manner to be responsible for the acts or conduct of said Henry W. Vick."
Henry W. Vick carried on the business of the plantation until he died in 1861, when Pearce, as trustee, took possession of the trust property; Mrs. Vick, having preN iously died, leaving no issue surviving her, except Mrs. Phelps, one of the
appellees. Hewitt, Norton, & Co., commission-merchants in New Or-
leans, claim a balance due to them from Pearce, as trustee, of $7,631.16, which they insist is a charge in equity upon the trust estate. From statements of the account, contained in the bill and amendments and exhibits, it appears that the whole of this balance resulted from transactions with 1I. W. Vick, while conducting the business of the plantation, prior to April 25, 1861. In a petition addressed by Pearce to the judge of the Probate Court of Washington County, Nov. 28, 1865, and made

hTEWITT V. PHELPS.

[SLIP. Ct.

an exhibit to the original bill, he states those transactions as resulting in a balance of $6,145.99, due to the appellants, which, with $4,231.82, accruing from transactions with himself as trustee, make $10,377.81, the amount of the balance of the account which they state as due them June 30, 1862. The subsequent credits were all for moneys received from Pearce, and reduced the balance, Oct. 3, 1866, to the amount claimed in the bill, being less than the amount due at the death of Viek, with interest added. This analysis of the accounts shows that the whole claim is covered by the transactions with Vick, and is not embraced in those bad with Pearce, all the debts incurred by the latter being cancelled by payments made by him. It is alleged, however, that the balance due at Vick's death was carried forward in account with Pearce as a charge against him, with his consent and approval ; and that when lie took possession of the trust estate he received and used for the benefit of the estate, clothing, provisions, and other supplies which had been furnished or paid for by the firm upon Vick's orders; and it is charged in the bill "that all the items charged in your orators' said account for money loaned and supplies furnished were necessary and proper under the deed of Sarah Vick, and the said money and supplies were applied to the use and benefit of the trust estate, and upon a settlement of the accounts of the said Jonathan Pearce he would have had the right to charge the same against the said estate, and the balance due to him by said estate would have been and would now be, equal in amount to the debt now claimed by your orators," &c. It is also alleged that Henry W. Vick, at the date of the deed, was a man of no means, property, or credit ; that lie continued in the same condition until his death; and that Pearce, when he took possession, was in the same financial condition, and a resident citizen of the State of Kentucky.
At the death of Mrs. Vick her daughter, now Mrs. Phelps, was unmarried and a minor, and Jonathan Pearce became her guardian. On Nov. 28, 1865, he filed his final account as guardian and trustee in the Probate Court of Washington County, showing a balance due to the estate from him of $2,939.40, and reporting, as heretofore stated, the account

Oct. 1881.]

HEWITT V. PHELPS.

899 "

between himself, as trustee, and the appellants. His account as guardian was settled by an order of the court in January, 1866, and he received credit for an allowance by way of compensation for his services in excess of the balance due from him. It is charged in the bill that at this settlement Pearce admitted the balance to be due to the appellants as claimed, and that lie surrendered possession to Phelps and wife upon an understanding and agreement with them that the debt should be paid out of the cotton crop then growing on the lands.
It is manifest that the deed of trust from Mrs. Vick to Jonathan Pearce does not confer upon him or upon Henry W. Vick any power to charge the estate directly with the payment of any sums of money for any purpose whatever, with the single exception of a personal support and maintenance for the latter. The grantor charges it with the payment of certain specified obligations, and there is no evidence of an intention to permit it to be incumbered by the trustee or by Vick.
It is to be noted also that Jonathan Pearce is a trustee
merely of the title, without an-y active duties in regard to the estate. The power to sell or exchange during his own lifetime the grantor reserves to herself, and after her death directs that it be exercised solely by her husband surviving her. All powers to superintend, possess, manage, and control the property are conferred exclusively upon Henry W. Vick, "as agent for said trustee and as agent and trustee for said Sarah Vick during her life, and as agent and trustee for her children after her death ; " but to be regarded for the purposes of this deed, not merely as an agent, but also as a co-trustee. "And the said Jonathan Pearce is not in any manner to be responsible for the acts or conduct of said Henry W. Vick." So that, while Pearce was trustee of the title merely, Vick was a cotrustee, having no title or estate in the property, but charged with all the active duties of management. After the death of Mrs. Vick, Pearce's sole duty in regard to the trust estate was to convey the title to the surviving children. By these provisions the power of either to create a charge upon the trust
estate seems to be effectually excluded. It follows also from these provisions of the deed of trust, and
the facts recited as to the origin and nature of the appellants'

HEWITT V. PHELPS.[

[Sup. Cc.

account, that no equitable charge against the estate can be established through the supposed liability of Pearce. It is quite plain that lie was never personally answerable for the obligations created by Vick, and his alleged assumption of the account may be rejected as incompetent to create any such liability upon his part. Neither his admission nor that of the appellees could, in contemplation of law, create any charge upon the estate.; and, as trustee, lie could not establish it as necessary to his own exoneration.
The appellants, then, can reach the estate only, if at all, through their claim against Vick. For this purpose he may be regarded as an independent trustee, authorized to do whatever was necessary and proper in the performance of his duty to superintend and manage the trust property. Ile was undoubtedly personally bound for all his contracts made in that character. The question is, Does his insolvency create an equity in behalf of the appellants, to reach the estate, for the benefit of which the advances are admitted to have been made?
On this point the law prevailing in Mississippi, and governing the case, was well declared, we have no doubt, by the Supreme Court of that State in Norton v. Phelps, 54 Miss. 467, 471: "In the case of (Tlopton v. Ghiolson (53 id. 466) we announced the principles applicable to this case. These are, that persons dealing with a trustee must look to him for payment of their demands, and that, ordinarily, the creditor has no right to resort to the trust estate to enforce his demand for advances made or services rendered for the benefit of the trust estate. But, while this is the rule, there are exceptions to it; and where expenditures have been made for the benefit of the trust estate, and it has not paid for them, directly or indirectly, and the estate is either indebted to the trustee or would have been if the trustee had paid, or would be if he should pay the demand, and the trustee is insolvent or non-resident, so that the creditor cannot recover his demand from him, or will be compelled to follow him to a foreign jurisdiction, the trust estate may be reached directly by a proceeding in chancery."
The ground and reason for this rule are, that the trustee has an equity of his own, for reimbursement for all the necessary expenses to which he has been put in the administration of his

Oct. 1881.]

HAUSELT V. HAIRItISON.

401

trust, which he can enforce by means of the legal title to the

trust estate vested in him ; and that his creditor, in the eases sup-

posed of his insolvency or absence from the jurisdiction, may

resort to the equity of the trustee, upon a principle of equitable

substitution or attachment, for his own security. It would not

apply against the trust estate in this ease for the enforcement

of a debt created by Vick, for the reason that he had no title

to the property ; but adopting it and applying it as though he

had, it is equally plain that the appellants have established no

right to the relief prayed for. What, at the time of his death,

may have been the state of the account betveen the trust

estate and Henry W. Vick does not appear. There is no alle.-

gation on the subject in the record. For aught that appears,

he may have had in his bands means enough belonging to the

estate to satisfy all demands against it ; he may, indeed, have

been largely in debt to it. The case, in any of its aspects,

clearly is not within the rule; and the effort to reach the es-

tate through Pearce, instead of Vick, for the reasons already

stated, must fail.

These are the grounds upon which the Circuit Court pro-

ceeded in the decree complained of. We find no error in the

record, and the decree is accordingly

Affirmed.

1-AUSELT V. HARRISON.

A. entered into a written contract with B., whereby, in consideration of moneys

advanced by the latter for the pnrchase of skins, he agreed that he would

tan, finish, and deliver them to B. B., in consideration of a commission 01i

sales, and a further percentage to cover insurance, storage, and labor, agreed

to sell them, and put the proceeds, less his commiissions and advances, at tie

disposal of A. It was further agreed that all the skins, whether green, in

the process of tanning, tanned, or tanned and finished, should be considered

as security for refunding the moneys advanced. The business was, for about

six months, carried on until A. became unable, from sickness and financial

embarrassment, to proceed with it, and he was then indebted to B., who was

aware of his condition. They, in order to carry out the first contract, entered

into another, whereby B. was to take possession of A.'s tannery, and run and

use it with such materials there as would be necessary to finish and complete

the skins, and sell them, the net proceeds to be put to the credit of A. after

VOL. xv.

26

DAVIS V. GAINES.

[Sup. Ct.

DAVIS v. GAINES.
1. According to the law of Louisiana in force in 1813, if the heirs, whether forced or voluntary, of a testator were absent from the State, the Probate Court had jurisdiction to order a sale of his property.
2. The will having been duly proved, the proper Probate Court, upon the petition of the executor, made an order, pursuant to which the immovables of the deceased were, according to law, sold and conveyed to a purchaser in good faith for a valuable consideration. Held, that his title is not affected by the subsequent discovery and probate of a later will appointing another person executor, and making a different disposition of them.
3. The order of sale is an adjudication that all the facts necessary to give the court jurisdiction existed.
4. Where the possession of the immovables so sold was held for over sixty years, under the executor's deed, which recites that the sale was made "after the publications and delays prescribed by law," and it appears from his account, remaining of record in the Probate Court for fifty years, that he paid a specified sum for advertising the sale, - Hield, that the deed and account are competent evidence of the advertisement, and being uncontradicted are conclusive.
5. When the purchase-money was applied to the extinguishment of a mortgage executed by the deceased, and constituting a valid incumibrance on the immovables, the purchaser, although the sale was irregular or void, cannot be ousted of his possession upon a bill in equity filed by the heirs or the devisees unless they repay or tender him the purchase-money.
6. The prescription applicable to immovables in Louisiana cannot be maintained unless the possessor obtained them in good faith and by a just title; that is to say, by a title which lie derived from those whom lie believed to be the true owners, and which, if they had in fact been such owners, was by its nature sufficiest to transfer the ownership.
7. The prescription against all informalities connected with or growing out of a public sale by a person authorized to sell at auction, may be pleaded by one who purchases in good faith at the sale of an executor or a register of wills, and holds by a just title, against the avermen'that the sale was not advertised, that the inventory of the estate was not completed before the order of sale was made, or that it was partly made by appraisers appointed by the testamentary executor, or that it was signed by only one of the two appraisers so appointed. Such informnalities are cured by the lapse of five years.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana.
The facts are stated fully in the opinion of the court. M. J. D. Rouse for the appellant. Mr. John S. Wldtaler, contra.

Oct. 1881.]

DAVIS V. GAINES.

MR. JusTICE WOODS delivered the opinion of the court. This was a bill in equity filed by Myra Clark Gaines, the appellee, against Minor Kenner, the intestate of Eliza Davis, the appellant, and a large number of other defendants, to recover real estate, of which she claimed to be the devisee under the will of her father, Daniel Clark. The defendants were alleged to be in possession respectively of distinct parcels of the property sued for. The facts, so far as they concern the controversy between the appellant and appellee, were as follows: Daniel Clark purchased the real estate in dispute between them from one Stephen Henderson, on Dec. 16, 1812, wholly upon credit. The purchase price was $120,000, to secure which a mortgage was retained in the act of sale. On May 20, 1811, he executed and published what then purported to be his last will and testament, as follows : -
" In the name of God, amen. I, Daniel Clark, of New Orleans, do make this my last will and testament.
"Imprinis. I order that all my just debts be paid. "Second. I leave and bequeath unto my mother, Mary Clark, now of Germantown, in the State of Pennsylvania, all the estate, whether real or personal, which I may die possessed of. "Third. I hereby nominate and appoint my friends Richard Relf and Beverly Chew my executors, with power to settle everything relative to my estate.
"DANIEL CLARK.
"NEW ORLEANS, 20 May, 1811."

He died Aug. 16, 1813, and on the next day the will was proven before the Probate Court for the Parish of Orleans, and on the 27th of that mouth letters testamentary were issued to Richard Relf as sole executor, Chew being absent from the State.
The appellant claimed title to the plantation under a sale thereof made Nov. 8, 1813, by Thomas Beale, register of wills, at public auction, to Michel Fortier and Omer Fortier, for $120,000, by authority, as she asserted, of an order of the Probate Court. Relf, the executor, in pursuance of the sale, conveyed the property to the purchasers by deed, in which he stipulated to apply the purchase-money, as fast as received, to

DAVIS v. GAINES.

[Sup. Ct.

the discharge of the mortgage of $120,000 placed on it by Daniel Clark.
The purchase-money was so applied, and the entire sum secured by the mortgage, with the interest thereon, was thus discharged.
The property came into the possession of Minor Kenner, whose estate the appellant represents, as owner, by regular chain of conveyances from the vendees of Michel and Omer Fortier.
The title of the appellee was derived under the will of Daniel Clark executed July 13, 1813, which was filed for probate in the Probate Court of the Parish of Orleans on Jan. 18, 1855, a id which by the judgment of the Supreme Court of Louisiana on Dec. 17, 1855, was recognized as the last will and testaiment of Daniel Clark, and ordered to be recorded and executed as such.
The second item of this will was as follows: " Second, I do hiereby acknowledge that my beloved Myra, who is now living in the family of Samuel B. Davis, is my legitimate and only daughter, and that I leave and bequeath unto her, the said Myra, all the estate whether real or personal of which I may die possessed, subject only to the payment of certain legacies hereinafter named."
Both parties, therefore, trace title to Daniel Clark. Primafaciethe title of the appellee to the property in dispute under the provision of this will, which is the later and last will of Daniel Clark, is clear. The controversy, therefore, depends upon the three defences set up by the appellant. The record shows that the will of May 20, 1811, was duly admitted to probate by the Probate Court of the Parish of Orleans, and ordered to be executed; that within the year following the order of probate, to wit, on Aug. 27, 1813, upon the petition of the executor, an order for the sale of the real and personal property of the testator was made by the court having jurisdiction thereon ; that an inventory was begun by Thomas Beale, register of wills for the Parish of Orleans, on Aug. 28, 1813, under the direction of said Probate Court, in which the plantation sued for was included as a part of the

Oct. 1881.]

DAVIS v. GAINES.

estate of Daniel Clark; that on Nov. 8, 1813, pursuant to said order, Beale, the register of wills, sold and adjudicated the plantation to Michel Fortier and Omer Fortier for the sum of $120,000 ; and that on Nov. 11, 1813, Relf, the executor, made an act of sale to the purchasers.
The appellant, therefore, contends, first, that by virtue of said will and its probate, and the order of sale, and the sale and conveyance thereunder, the said Michel and Omer Fortier acquired a good and valid title to said premises, which, by mesne conveyances from them, was vested in her intestate.
The record further shows that the act of sale recited the existence of the mortgage for $120,000 placed upon the property by Daniel Clark in favor of Stephen Henderson, on Dec. 16, 1812, and his executor bound himself to discharge the same out of the purchase-money, as it should be paid by the purchasers, the Fortiers, and that said mortgage was in fact discharged and paid by the application thereto of said purchase-money.
The appellant therefore contends, secondly, that there can be no decree in favor of the appellee for the property until the purchase-money which was applied to the payment of the debts of the testator is repaid or tendered, if it shall turn out that the Fortiers were purchasers in good faith.
The appellant contends, thirdly, that from Nov. 8, 1813, until Jan. 3, 1866, when process was served in this case, she, and those under whom she claims, held continuous, peaceable, and unequivocal possession of said plantation, and that neither said Michel and Omer Fortier, at the time they purchased tie
plantation, nor any of tie parties through whoml she claims title, had any knowledge, information, or belief of thc making or existence of the last will of Daniel Clark, executed in 1813 ; that the various persons who claimed title to said property under the sale made to Michel and Omer Fortier possessed the same in good faith and under a just title as owners, and that each of them had the right to acquire the same by prescription ; and she pleads the prescription of ten, twenty, and thirty years in bar of the bill of complaint.
The first question for consideration is whether or not the

DAVIS v. GAINES.

[Sup. Ct.

proceedings of Relf, the sale made by the Register of Wills under the order of the Probate Court, and the deed of Relf as executor in pursuance thereof, vested a title to the plantation in the purchasers.
The code of 1808 was in force when the proceedings which resulted in the sale to the Fortiers were taken. Article 169, book 3, tit. 2, of that code declares: " When of the testator's heirs some are absent or not represented in this territory, the testamentary executor, whether the seisin be granted to him or not, and whether those heirs be forced or voluntary, shall be authorized to take possession of the property of the succession, to cause it to be sold, and to remain in possession of the portion accruing to the absent heir or heirs, deducting the debts and legacies, until those heirs shall have sent their power of attorney, or till the expiration of the year of the testamentary execution."
By the will of 1811 it appeared that Mary Clark, the mother of testator, who was constituted his universal legatee, and thereby became his heir (Civil Code, art. 880), was absent from the State of Louisiana. Moreover, " the granting of the license to sell was an adjudication upon all the facts necessary to give jurisdiction, and whether they existed or not is wholly immaterial if no appeal was taken." Grignon's Lessee v. Astor, 2 How. 319.
It is, therefore, not disputed that, upon the ground of the absence from the State of the universal legatee, it was competent for the Probate Court, upon the application of the executor, to make an order for the sale of the testator's property.
The jurisdiction of the Probate Court of the Parish of Orleans to admit to probate and record the wills of deceased persons is unquestioned.
Its power and authority to order a sale of the property of a testator, by virtue of article 169, book 3, tit. 2, of the code of 1808, is not and cannot be disputed. If the Fortiers purchased in good faith under an order of sale made by the Probate Court, for a valuable consideration, without any knowledge of the later will of Daniel Clark, and while the authority of the executor appointed and qualified under the first will con-

Oct, 1881.]

DAVIS v. GAINES.

tinued, and there was no fatal defect in the proceedings antecedent to the sale and conveyance to them, does the fact thai such later will, making other dispositions of his property, was discovered and admitted to probate, render void thei title ?
We think this question must be answered in the negative. A sale by order of a probate court is a judicial sale. Moor v. Shultz, 13 Pa. St. 98; Grignon's Lessee v. Astor, 2 How. 319; Thomipson v. Tolmie, 2 Pet. 157; Lalanne's Heirs v. Moreau, 13 La. 431 ; Howard v. Zeyer, 18 La. Ann. 407. Such sales are, therefore, protected by the rule that a title acquired at a decretal sale of lands, made by a court in the exercise of competent jurisdiction, is not rendered invalid by the reversal of the decree. Ward v. Hollins, 14 Md. 158; Irwin v. Jeffers, 3 Ohio St. 389; Gossom v. Donaldson, 18 B. Mon. (Ky.) 230; Fergus v. Woodworth, 44 Ill. 374; Gray v. Brqnardello, 1 Wall. 627, 634. In the case last cited this court said: "Although the judgment or decree may be reversed, yet all rights acquired at a judicial sale, while the decree or judgment was in full force, and which it authorized, will be protected. It is sufficient for the buyer to know that the court had jurisdiction and exercised it, and that the order, on the faith of which he purchased, was made and authorized the sale." In the case of McCullough v. Minor (2 La. Ann. 466), the Supreme Court of Louisiana said : " The jurisdiction of the court was undoubted, and the jurisprudence of the State has long been settled that a bona fide purchaser at a judicial sale is protected by the decree." But it is not necessary to rely solely on this general doctrine. This court and others have directly applied the law probate which governs judicial sales to sales made by order of courts. Thus, in Thompson v. Tolmie (2 Pet. 157) this court said: " The law appears to be settled in the States that courts will go far to sustain bona fide titles acquired under sales made by statutes regulating sales made by order of the orphans' courts. When there has been a fair sale the purchaser will not be bound to look beyond the decree, if the facts necessary to

DAVIS V. GAINES.

[Sup. Ct.

give the court jurisdiction appear on the face of the procedings."
See also Grignon's Lessee v. Astor, supra. By a law of Michigan passed in 1818 the county courts had power under certain circumstances to order the sale of the real estate of a deceased person for the payment of debts and legacies. In reference to a sale of real estate made under this law the court said in that case: " The granting the license to sell is an adjudication upon all the facts necessary to give jurisdiction, and whether they existed or not is wholly immaterial if no appeal is taken. The rule is the same whether the law gives an appeal or not ; if none is given from the final decree it is conclusive on all whom it concerns. The record is absolute verity, to contradict which there can be no averment or evidence. The court having power to make the decree, it can only be impeached for fraud in the party who obtains it; a purchaser under it is not bound to look beyond the decree ; if there is error in it of the most palpable kind, if the court which rendered it have in the exercise of jurisdiction disregarded, misconstrued, or disobeyed the plain provisions of the law which gave them the power to hear and determine the case before them,- the title of a purchaser is as much protected as if the adjudication would stand the test of a writ of error. These principles are settled as to all courts of record which have an original general jurisdiction over any particular subjects ; they are not courts of special or limited jurisdiction."
" In the Orphans' Court, and all courts who have the power to sell the estates of intestates, this action operates on the estate, not on the heirs of the intestate ; a purchaser claims not their title, but one paramount. The estate passes to him by operation of law. The sale is a proceeding in rem, to which all claiming under the intestate are parties, which divests the title of the deceased." See also Erwin v. Lowry, 7 How. 172 ; Grffith v. Bogert, 18 id. 158; Florentine v. Barton, 2 Wall. 210; JJecNitt v. Turner, 16 id. 352.
On the same subject the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia, in Ballow v. Hudson (13 Gratt. (Va.) 672), said: " Considerations of public policy require that all questions of

Oct. 1881.]

DAVIS v. GAINES.

succession to property should be authoritatively settled. Courts of probate are, therefore, organized to pass on such questions when arising under wills, and a judgment by such a court is conclusive while it remains in force, and the succession is governed accordingly. A judgment of this nature is classed
among those which in legal nomenclature are called judgments in rem. Until reversed it binds not only the immediate parties to the proceeding in which it is had, but all other persons and all other courts."
In Lalanne's Heirs v. Moreau (supra), the Supreme Court of Louisiana said: " Sales directed or authorized by courts of probate are judicial sales to all intents and purposes, and the purchaser is protected by the decree ordering them."
So in Howard v. Zeyer (supra) the same court said: "A warrantor is not bound to look beyond the decree of the court ordering the sale of succession property, and he acquires all the right of the deceased to said property, and no more."
In Grignon's Lessee v. Astor (supra), this court said: "Proceedings in a probate court to sell property of a decedent have been held to be proceedings in rem, to which all claiming under the decedent are parties."
In 31McPherson v. Cunliff (11 Serg. & R. (Pa.) 422), the court said that the decree of an orphans' court for the sale of land was conclusive; that the proceeding was purely in rein against the estate of the intestate and not in personam.
In Lalanne's Heirs v. Moreau (supra), it was said " that the decree of the Court of Probate ordering a sale of the property of minors is so pur'ely in rem and against the property, that a sale made under it extinguishes all the mortgages existing in the name of the owner of the property sold."
In Green v. The Baptist Church (27 La. Ann. 563), the same court held that purchasers are not bound at their peril to inquire, when property is advertised for sale by an executor, whether anything has occurred outside the court to destroy the will under which he is acting.
In Gaines v. De La Croix (6 Wall. 719), which was a bill filed by the appellee in the present case against De La Croix, to recover certain slaves claimed by him under a sale made to

DAVIS v. GAINES.

[Sup. Ot.

him by Reif, as executor of the will of 1811 of Daniel Clark, the defendant claimed that his titles, derived by the purchase from Relf, were valid, because he purchased within the year, while the functions of Reif, as executor, were in full force. In passing upon this point the court said: "This is true if he purchased in good faith, and the requisites of the law on the subject of the sales of succession property were complied with."
The case involved two purchases, and both were held invalid; one because it was made at private sale, and, consequently, the purchaser acquired no title; and' the other because, though made at public auction, the court found that De La Croix had knowledge of the will of 1813 and its contents, and "that he knew the will under which he was buying was not the true will of Daniel Clark," and he, therefore, "got the property in bad faith."
It is objected, however, that the discovery of a later will and its probate showed that the will of 1811 was utterly void, and could furnish no valid ground for the order of sale. But it must be borne in mind that the will of 1811 bad been duly admitted to probate by a court which had jurisdiction of the subject-matter, and whose duty it was to ascertain and declare whether the will presented to it was in fact the genuine last will and testament of the testator. Having declared the will of 1811 to be the genuine last will of Daniel Clark, acts done under that probate in a lawful manner until the discovery of a later will were valid and binding.
The English authorities hold that the record of probate and of the qualification of the executor is conclusive evidence of the existence of the will and of his authority.
Allen v. Dundas (3 T. R. 125) was an action on the case, brought by Allen as administrator of Priestman, against Dundas, for money had and receiVed to the use of the intestate, and to the use of the plaintiff as administrator. The defendant pleaded the general issue. On the trial a special verdict was found, stating, in substance, as follows: The defendant, as treasurer of the navy, was indebted to the intestate in hiY lifetime 58, &c., for money had and received to his use. Priestman died June 2, 1784; on Aug. 13, 1785, one Robert

Oct. 1881.]

DAVIS V. GAINES.

Brown proved in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury a forged paper-writing, dated May 18,1784, purporting to be the last will of Priestman, whereby he was supposed to have appointed Brown the sole executor thereof, and a probate of that supposed will issued in due form of law under the seal of that court, on the same day, in favor of Brown. The defendant, not knowing the will to have beenl forged, and believing Brown to be the rightful executor, on Brown's request paid him the 58, being the whole balance then due from the defendant to Priestman. Afterwards, on July 21, 1787, upon citation to Brown in the same court, the will and probate were declared void, and it was further declared that Priestman died intestate. On March 31, 1788, letters of administration on the goods of Priestman were granted to the plaintiff. Upon this verdict judgment was entered for defendant. Upon this case Buller, J., said: "The first question to be considered is, What is the effect of a probate? It has been contended by the plaintiff's counsel, first, that it is not a judicial act; and, secondly, that it is not conclusive. But I am most clearly of opinion that it is a judicial act, for the Ecclesiastical Court may hear and examine the parties on the different sides whether a will be or be not properly made; that is the only court which can pronounce whether or not the will be good, and the courts of common law have no jurisdiction over the subject. Secondly, the probate is conclusive until it be repealed, and no court of common law can admit evidence to impeach it. Then this case was compared to a probate of a supposed will, of a living person; but in such a case the ecclesiastical courts have no jurisdiction and the probate can have no effect; their justification is only to grant probate of the wills of dead persons. The distinction is this: if they have jurisdiction, their sentence, as long as it stands unrepealed, should avail in all other places; but when they have no jurisdiction, their whole proceedings are a nullity." The judgment was concurred in by Justice Grose, and, as appears by a note at the end of the case, was approved by Lord
Kenyon. The same principle, that a probate is conclusive until re-
pealed, was adverted to in an indictment for forging a will in

DAVIS v. GAINES.

[Sup. Ct.

Rex v. incent (1 Stra. 481), where, on an indictment for forging a will of personal estate, on the trial a forgery was proved, but the defendant producing a probate, that was held to be conclusive evidence in support of the will.
To the same effect is the case of Woolley v. Clark, 5 Barn. & Ald. 746. See also Williams on Executors (6th Am. ed.), 590 and note (x'), where many cases to the same effect are cited.
In Pacekman's Case (6 Co. 19), it was held that, though letters of administration be countermanded and revoked, a gift or sale made by the administrator acting under the probate was not thereby defeated.
To the same effect is the case of Semine v. Semine, 1 Lev.
90.
So in Graysbrook v. Fox (P1. Com. 282), it was held that where one is executor, not of right but of wrong, yet if he had paid any debt due by specialty, or other thing which the law will force the executor to pay, the true executor should have been bound by it, and should have been obliged to allow it because the other was compellable to pay it, and the true executor had no prejudice by it, forasmuch as he himself
should have been bound to pay it. In Thompson v. Harding (2 El. & BI. 630), Lord Campbell,
C. J., said: " When the executor de son tort is really acting
as executor, and the party with whom he deals has fair reason for supposing that he has authority to act as such, his acts shall bind the rightful executor and shall alter the property."
The same doctrine is held in Parker v. JKett, 1 Ld. Raym. 658.
The American cases are to the same effect. In WIFaters v.
V Stielney (12 Allen (Mass.), 15), it is said that a new decree of
probate establishing a later will or codicil would not necessarily avoid payments made or acts done under the old decree
while it remained unrevoked. See also Peeble's Appeal, 15 Serg. & R. (Pa.) 39; Kittredge
v. Folsom, 8 N. I-. 98; Stone v. Peasley's Estate, 28 Vt.
716. In Steele v. Renn (50 Tex. 467), a question similar to the
one now under consideration was passed upon by the Su-

Oct. 1881.]

DAVIS v. GAINES.

preme Court of Texas, which held that " the title of a purchaser in good faith of land, from a legatee under a will duly admitted to probate, is not affected by proceedings subsequently instituted and resulting in annulling the will as a
forgery." Under the English law, by which probate of a will was only
required in reference to personal estate, it might well be that the devisee of land took no title if the will were afterwards discovered to be void. But in this country in most of the States, Louisiana included, probate is required as well of wills of land as of goods, and the same effect should be given to it as a judicial act as to the probate of wills of personal estate in
England. Upon the doctrines and authorities above referred to we are
of opinion that a sale of land, duly made by order of the Probate Court having jurisdiction, and a conveyance thereof by the executor of a will duly admitted to probate, while its functions were in full force, to a bona fide purchaser for value, vested the purchaser with a good and valid title, which was not affected by the discovery of a later will and its admission to probate and record.
The validity of the title of the Fortiers, under whom the appellant claims, depends, therefore, on the two questions: First,whether there was any fatal defect in the proceedings and sale under which their title was derived ; and, second, whether they were purchasers in good faith.
We have already seen that the proceedings and sale took place within the year after the appointment of the executor, and that it was competent for the court to order the sale by reason of the absence from the State of the universal legatee
named in the will of 1811. The appellee contends that there were fatal defects in the
proceedings and sale which rendered the title of the purchasers
void. Firstly, it is said that there was no order for the sale of the
property in dispute, or rather that the order of sale made by the Probate Court did not include it.
There is little ground for this objection. The petition was for leave to sell all the property of the succession, movable

DAVIS v. GAINES.

[Sup. t

and immovable, and the order directed a sale accordingly. There is no dispute, in fact it is the basis of the appellee's title, that the property sold was the property of the succession, and before the sale took place an inventory was filed in which the property in dispute was returned as belonging to the suc-
cession. There can be no question, therefore, that the order of sale
included the property which is the subject of this controversy. But it has been expressly held by the Supreme Court of Louisiana that a purchaser of land at a probate sale, under the order of a court of competent jurisdiction, directing a sale of all the property of the succession, is not affected by the failure of the executor to have such land placed on the inventory, or to have it accurately described in the inventory. Mitchell v. Levi, 23 La. Ann. 630.
It is said, secondly, that the sale was not preceded by the advertisements required by law ; and, tlirdly, that the inventory of the property of the estate, in which was included the premises in controversy, was not made until after the order of sale, and that the part of the inventory which included them was not made by the two appraisers appointed by the parish judge, but by appraisers chosen by the testamentary executor, and it was only signed by one of them.
There is evidence in the record tending to show that the sale was duly advertised. The executor's conveyance recites that the sale was made after " the publications and delays prescribed by law;" and the account of the executor, which had been of record in the Probate Court for more than fifty years, shows that he paid for advertising the sale the sum of $232.
As possession had been held under the deed for over sixty years, its recitals are evidence even against strangers. Carver v. Jackcson, 4 Pet. 83. And it has been held by the Supreme Court of Louisiana that the account of an executrix recorded in the Probate Court is competent evidence to prove the advertisement of a sale. Woods v. Lee, 21 La. Ann. 505. The account was subject to exception. It passed under the scrutiny of the Probate Court, whose duty it was to ascertain the balance due upon it to the heir, and render a final judgment

Oct. 1881.]

DAVIS v. GAINES.

therefor. Civil Code, arts. 1183, 1184. It was, therefore, necessary for the court to allow or disallow the item charged for advertising the sale. As this item remains in the account as recorded, it may be presumed that it was allowed by the court, and after it has been of record for over fifty years, as in this case, may be considered as competent evidence to prove that the advertisement of the sale was made.
This evidence, uncontradicted as it is, is sufficient to prove the fact of the advertisement. But whether this is so or not is immaterial; for on March 10, 1834, an act of the legislature of Louisiana was passed, the second section of which declares: " When a question shall arise out of any public sale heretofore made by the sheriff, auctioneer, or other public officer, and which sale was required by law to be preceded by advertisements, the fact of sale being proved, it shall make prima facie evidence that the required advertisements were regularly made."
And this section has been continued in force to the present time. See Voorhies's Revised Statutes, 1876, p. 867, sect. 3391. But even if it were affirmatively shown that there had been no advertisement of the sale, that defect, as well as the alleged irregularities in regard to the inventory, is cured by the rule of prescription established by the fourth section of the said act of March 10, 1834, which is as follows: "All informalities connected with or growing out of any public sale made by a sheriff, auctioneer, or other public officer, shall, after the lapse of five years from the time of making the same, be prescribed against by those claiming under such sales, whether they be minors, married women, or persons interdicted."
This section continued in force until 1870. It was then substantially re-enacted by the general provision contained in the Revised Statutes of 1870, sect. 3392, p. 659, and by art. 3543 of the Civil Code published in the same year, which declares as follows: " All informalities connected with or growing out of any public sale made by any person authorized to sell at public auction, shall be prescribed against by those claiming under such sale, after the lapse of five years from the time of making it, whether against minors, married women, or interdicted persons."

DAVIS V. GAINES.

[Sup. Ct.

This section is still in force. Voorhies's Revised Statutes,
1876, sect. 3392. To entitle a party to claim the benefit of this provision of
this or any other prescription, it is made necessary by the jurisprudence of Louisiana that he should have acquired the immovable in good faith and by a just title. By the term "just title," in cases of prescription, is not meant that which has been derived from the true owner, but that which has been received from any person whom the possessor honestly believed to be the true owner, provided it were such as to transfer the ownership of the property; that is, such as by its nature would have been sufficient to transfer the ownership if it had been derived from the real owner, such as a sale, exchange, legacy; or donation. Arts. 3484 and 3485 Civil Code; Pike v. Evans,
94 U. S. 6.
The deed of Relf, executor, to the purchasers falls within the category above mentioned, or, in the language of the civilians, it is translative of property. There is no defect upon the face of it. The only questions, therefore, which arise upon the prescription of five years declared by sect. 4 of the act of March 10, 1834, and its substitute, art. 3453 of the Civil Code, are, Were the Fortiers purchasers in good faith; and are the defects in the title, insisted on by the appellee, such informalities as are cured by that prescription ?
The good faith of the purchaser must be presumed until the contrary is shown. Packwood v. Richardson, 1 Mart. N. S. (La.) 410; Fletcher v. Cavalier, 4 La. 267 ; i-ivarde v. Rosseau, 7 La. Ann. 3 ; Leduf v. Bailly, 3 id. 8.
There is not a scintilla of proof in the record tending to show that the Fortiers, or those claiming under them, had any direct notice of Daniel Clark's will of 1813, or that the will of 1811, under which the sale was made, was not his last will
and testament. The appellee relies on the fact, which she claims the testi-
mony proves, that there was a general report in New Orleans, then a small town, that the will of 1811 was not the last will of Daniel Clark.
Even if the evidence established this fact, it is entirely too vague and inconclusive as a ground for creating or destroying

Oct. 1881.]

DAVIS V. GAINES.

valuable rights. But it fails signally to establish any such

general report, or to show that the Fortiers resided in New

Orleans, where, if such report existed, it might possibly have

come to their ears.

The only other fact relied on to prove the bad faith of the

purchasers was the fact that Do La Croix, on Aug. 18, 1813,

following the filing in the Probate Court of the will of 1811,

filed in the same court his petition under oath, in which he stated

that he had strong reasons to believe, and did believe, that the

late Daniel Clark had made a testament or codicil posterior to

that which had been opened before that honorable court, and

in the disposition whereof be thought he was interested. And

the petition prayed that, " whereas the double of this will,

whose existence was known to several persons, might have been

deposited with any notary public of this city, an order might

be made that every notary of the city appear before the court

within the delay of twenty-four hours, to certify on oath if

there does or does not exist in his office any testament or

codicil or any sealed packet deposited by the said Daniel

Clark."

The order was made according to the prayer of the petition.

Nothing caine of it. No subsequent will was found by reason

of the steps suggested by the petitioner.

This petition proved that De La Croix had notice of the

will of 1813. It was so held by this court in Gaines v. De

La Croix, 6 Wall. 719. But it proved nothing else. It fails

utterly to show any bad faith on the part of the Fortiers.

There is not the slightest evidence that either of them

ever heard of the petition,' or that a rumor of the existence

of a will later than that of 1811 ever came to their knowl-

edge.

There is an absolute failure of proof to establish any bad

faith on the part of the purchasers of the property in dispute.

They acted as if they believed that they were getting a good

title to the property, for they agreed to pay, and did pay,

what at that time was an immense sum of money for it, to

wit, 9120,000.

The good faith of the Fortiers being beyond question, they

and those claiming under them have the right to rely upon the

VOL. XIV.

26

DAVIS v. GAINES.

[Sup. Ct.

prescription of five years to cure any irregularity in the proceedings which resulted in the sale.
That want of advertisements of the sale is such an irregularity as falls within the prescription was held in the cases of Woods v. Lee, 21 La. Ann. 505 ; and Pasiana v. Powell, id. 584. And it would seem that when property was sold at public sale, and as in this case brought its full value, the want of previous advertisement was a very immaterial matter.
The other alleged defects in the proceedings clearly fall within the prescription of five years. The fact that the inventory of the estate was not completed before the order of sale, the fact that the inventory was partly made by appraisers appointed by the testamentary executor, and that it was signed. by only one of two who were so appointed, are certainly most trifling and inconsequential irregularities when there is no proof or even charge that the inventory was not fairly made or the sale fairly conducted, and when the property sold brought its full value. If these irregularities do not fall within the prescription of five years, it would be hard to conceive of any that would. Fraserv. Z4liz, 29 id. 534.
The irregularities in the sale alleged by the appellee are, therefore, cured by the lapse of five years, and can have no more influence on the title of the appellant than if they never existed.
We find, therefore, that the appellant derives her title under a public sale made by a public officer by authority of the order of the Probate Court ; that the sale took place, and the deed, which on its face was without defect and was translative of property, was made by the executdr within the year following his appointment; that the purchasers purchased in good faith for a full consideration; and that there were no nullities or informalities in the sale which have not been cured by the prescription of five years.
In the cases heretofore decided by this court in favor of appellee, except Gaines v. De La Croix, the defendant claimed title from Relf, or Relf and Chew, executors of the will of 1811, under private sale, made by them as agents of Mary Clark, devisee under that will, and in their pretended capacity as executors, after their term of office had expired, and

Oct. 1881.]

DAVIS v. GAINES.

without any order of court. See Gaines v. New Orleans, 6 Wall. 642.
In the case of Gaines v. De La Croix, the court decided, and on most satisfactory proof, that De La Croix was a purchaser in bad faith, and upon that ground his title was declared invalid.
In her bill in this case the appellee, knowing that it was a
vital fact in her case, eharged that the sale of Relf, the executor, to the Fortiers was made after the expiration of a year from the date of his appointment and at a time when he had no authority to sell. But, as the proof shows, that averment is not true. The record shows that Relf was appointed executor Aug. 27, 1813, and the sale was made on November 8 following, under an order of court, and the conveyance three days later, on November 11.
Upon the facts of the case, therefore, the title derived by the appellant under the sale to the Fortiers appears to be a good and valid title.
But conceding that the title acquired by the Fortiers at the sale made by the register of wills was void, should there be a decree in favor of the complainant, establishing her title to the lands in question, and placing her in possession, until she has returned or tendered the money which the Fortiers paid on their purchase? This inquiry presents the second ground of defence relied on by appellee.
Clark bought the property for $120,000, wholly on credit, and gave a mortgage on it to secure the purchase-money. It was sold for the same price to the Fortiers, who purchased in good faith. Every cent of the purchase-money was applied to the extinguishment of the mortgage executed by Clark, and for which his estate was liable. No repayment or tender of this sum or any part of it is averred in the bill. Upon this state of facts, we do not think the complainant is entitled to a decree.
To allow the heir or the devisee of a mortgagor, under the circumstances of this case, to recover the property without repaying the money for which it had been sold, and which had been paid by a bona fide purchaser, and had been applied to clear the property of a mortgage which rested upon it, and for

DAVIS v. GAINES.

[Sup. Ct.

which the estate of the mortgagor was bound, would be most inequitable and unjust. It would be an utter disregard of the rule that they who seek equity must do equity. No support for such a decree can be found in the adjudged cases.
On the contrary, in Scott v. Dunn (1 Dev. & B. (N. C.) Eq. 425), it was held that where an executor sold lands and applied the proceeds to the payment of the debts under a mistake of his power, and the purchaser was evicted by the devisee, the land in equity would be subjected to indemnify the purchaser to the extent to which the purchase-money was applied to the payment of the debts over and above the personal estate.
So in. Valle v. Fleming's Heirs (29 Mo. 152), it was held that when land is purchased in good faith at an administrator's sale, which is void because the requirements of the statute are not pursued, and the purchase-money is applied in extinguishment of a mortgage to which such land was subject in the hands of the owner, the purchaser will be subrogated to the rights of the mortgagee to the extent of the purchase-money applied in the extinguishment of the mortgage, and the owner will not be entitled to recover possession until lie repays such purchase-money.
To precisely the same effect are the cases of Blodgett v. Bitt, 29 Wis. 169, and Iudyin v. Hudyin, 6 Gratt. (Va.) 320. See also Mohr v. Tulip, 40 Wis. 66; Grant v. Lloyd, 22 Miss. 191 ; Short v. Porter, 44 id. 533 ; Thaynes v. Meeks, 10 Cal. 110. And see Freeman on Void Judicial Sales, sect. 51, where the authorities on this question are collected and discussed.
The views held in the cases above referred to are sanctioned also by the jurisprudence of Louisiana. Thus, in Barelli v. Gauche (24 La. Ann. 324), it was held that an action to annul a judicial sale of real property on the ground of irregularities in the proceedings cannot be maintained against the purchaser, unless the parties claiming its nullity have paid or offered to reimburse the purchaser the amounts of the mortgages resting on the property, which he has paid since the purchase. A tender of the amounts thus paid is an essential prerequisite to the prosecution of a suit to annul.

Oct. 1881.]

DAVIS v. GAINES.

So in Davidson v. Davidson (28 La. Ann. 269), it was held
that a sale made by an administrator to pay debts " could not be disturbed unless the heirs previously returned or offered to return the price of the adjudication."
In Jouet v. Mortimer (29 id. 207), the court said: "Nothing could be more unjust than to permit a debtor to recover back his property because the sale is irregular, and yet allow him to profit by that irregular sale to discharge his debt."
See Coiron v. lillaudon, 3 id. 664; Seawell v. Payne, 5 id. 255 ; Barret v. Emerson, 8 id. 503; also Dufour v. Camfrane, 11 Mart. (La.) 607.
The saine rule prevailed in the civil law. It was said by Mr. Justice Story, in Bright v. Boyd (2 Story, 478) : " There is still another principle of the Roman law which is applicable to the present case. It is, that where a bona fide purchaser of real estate pays money to discharge any existing incumbrance or charge upon the estate, having no notice of any infirmity in his title, he is entitled to be repaid the amount of such payment by the true owner seeking to recover the estate from hin."
See also Dig., lib. 6, tit. 1, 1. 65 ; Pothier, Pand., lib. 6, tit. 1, n. 43; Pothier, De la Propridt6, n. 343.
The authorities cited settle conclusively the proposition that the complainant is not entitled to the decree she seeks without repayment or tender of the purchase-price of the lands in controversy, which has been applied to the extinguishment of a mortgage thereon.
No case is cited by counsel for appellee where the court refused to give a purchaser in good faith the benefit of this rule. The authorities relied on by him (Sugden on Vendors, c. 16, p. 483; 3 Atk. 287) apply only to purchases in bad faith.
We are aware that it has been held that a purchaser at an irregular or void judicial or execution sale is not subrogated to the rights of the judgment creditor. Richmond v. Marston, 15 Ind. 134.
The weight of authority is, however, against this position. McLaughlin v. Daniel, 8 Dana (Ky.), 182; Bentley v. Long,

DAVIS v. GAINES.

[Sup. Ct.

1 Strobh. (S. C.) Eq. 43; Howard v. North, 5 Tex. 290; Jackson v. Bowen, 7 Cow. (N. Y.) 13. And this court has expressly held that an irregular judicial sale, made at the suit of a mortgagee, even though no bar to the equity of redemption, passes to the purchaser at such sale all the rights of the mortgagee as such. Brobst v. Brock, 10 Wall. 519.
But it is not necessary for the appellant to stand upon the doctrine of subrogation. She is in possession, and ought not to be deprived thereof upon a proceeding in equity, unless the complainant offers to do equity. What we decide on this branch of the case is this: when the purchase-noney paid by a purchaser in good faith, of real estate of a decedent ordered to be sold by a Probate Court, has been applied to the extinguishment of a mortgage executed by the decedent upon the property sold, and constituting a valid incumbrance thereon, and'it turns out that the sale is irregular or void, the purchaser cannot be ousted of his possession upon a bill in equity filed by the heir or devisee, without a repayment or tender of the purchase-money so paid and applied.
As the points already decided are conclusive of the case, it is unnecessary to express any opinion on the third defence set up by the appellant; namely, the prescriptions of ten, twenty, and thirty years declared by the Civil Code of Louisiana.
The litigation of which this case forms a part has been before this court in various forms in the following cases: Ex parte Myra Clarke JYhitney, 13 Pet. 404; Gaines v. Reif, 15 id. 9. Gaines v. Chew, 2 How. 619; Patterson v. Gaines, 6 id. 550; Gaines v. Relf, 12 id. 472; Gaines v. Hlennen, 24 id. 553; Gaines v. New Orleans, 6 Wall. 642; Gaines v. De La Croix, id. 719; Yew Orleans v. Gaines, 15 id. 624; Gaines v. Fuentes, 92 U. S. 10.
We think the facts of this case distinguish it from all the cases above mentioned, and our opinion is, that upon the averments made in this bill, and the evidence adduced to support it, the appellee, Mrs. Gaines, is not entitled to a decree against the appellant. So much, therefore, of the decree of the Circuit Court as relates to the property bought by Michel Fortier and Omer Fortier, and now claimed by the widow and

Oct. 1881.]

HYDE V. RUBLE.

heirs of Minor Kenner, deceased, must be reversed, and the

cause remanded with directions to dismiss the bill, so far as it

concerns the appellant.

So ordered.

MR. JUSTICE MATTHEWS took no part irnthe decision of this case.

HYDE v. RUBLE.
1. Under the second section of the act of March 3, 1875, c. 137 (18 Stat., pt. 3, p. 470), a suit cannot be removed from a State court to the Circuit Court, unless either all the parties on one side of the controversy are citizens of different States from those on the other side, or there is in such suit a separable controversy, wholly between some of the parties who are citizens of different States, which can be fully determined as between them.
2. That act repealed the second clause of sect. 639 of the Revised Statutes.
ERnor to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Minnesota.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
Mr. Angus Cameron for the plaintiffs in error. Mr. Gordon E. Cole, contra.
MR. CHIEF JUSTICE WAITE delivered the opinion of the court.
This was a suit begun by Ruble and Green, on the 6th of March, 1880, in a State court of Minnesota, upon an alleged contract of bailment made by the defendants as partners. The amount involved was a little more than $500. The plaintiffs were citizens of Minnesota. Only one defendant, Rowell, was a citizen of that State. The business of the alleged partnership was carried on there. He filed a separate answer to the complaint, in which he denied the existence of any partnership between himself and the other defendants, and set up a full performance of the contract on his part. The other defendants joined in a separate answer for themselves, in which they denied any partnership with him, and any con-

