OCTOBER TERM, 1882.
Syllabus.
Company were under obligation to pay to the District of Columbia, and which the government of the District had exclusive power to administer for the purposes described in the act, it follows that it must have been intended to authorize such an arrangement in respect to these obligations of the Market Company as would furnish to the latter a consideration and inducement for a release of a part of their property. And no consideration for the release of a part of demised property is more suitable to the nature of the relation between the parties than an equitable or agreed apportionment of the rent. Such was the form and substance of the arrangement in question. The adjustment of the arrearages of rent was a legitimate incident, whether the prior agreement for a reduction of the amount from $25,000 to $20,000 was lawful, at the time it was first made, or not. It became so by becoming part of the arrangement finally entered into. Whether other provisions of the arrangement, not brought into this controversy, such as the provision relating to the maximum of taxes thereafter to be assessed, and in respect to the rental of stalls, to be charged to occupants in the market-house building, are lawful and binding, it is not necessary to decide, as they are not proper matters of consideration in the present action.
We are of opinion that there is no error in the record of this judgment, and it is accordingly
Affimed.
WILKINS v. ELLETT, Administrator.
IN ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE
WESTERN DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE.
Decided April 16th, 1883.
Conflict of Laws--Executor and Administrator.
When a debt due to a deceased person is voluntarily paid by the debtor at his own domicil in a State in which no administration has been taken out, and in which no creditors or next of kin reside, to an administrator appointed in another State, and the sum paid is inventoried and accounted for by him

WILKIS v. ELLETT.
Opinion of the Court.
in that State, the payment is good as against an administrator afterwards appointed in the State in which the payment is made, although this is the State of the domicil of the deceased.
The nature of the action and the facts appear in the opinion.
X21&. TT 7. C. llitmes and Xr'. D. I Poston for plaintiff in error.
-Y. S. P. W~alker and .X. R. T. XaeYeal for defendant in error.
MR. JusTicE GRAY delivered the opinion of the court. This is an action of assumpsit on the common counts, brought in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Tennessee. The plaintiff is a citizen of Virginia, and sues as administrator, appointed in Tennessee, of the estate of Thomas N. Quarles. The defendant is a citizen of Tennessee, and surviving partner of the firm of F. H. Clark & Company. The answer sets up that Quarles was a citizen of Alabama at the time of his death; that the sum sued for has been paid to William Goodloe, appointed his administrator in that State, and has been inventoried and accounted for by him upon a final settlement of his administration; and that there axe no creditors of Quarles in Tennessee. The undisputed facts, appearing by the bill of exceptions, axe as follows: Quaxles was born at Richmond, Virginia, in 1835. In 1839 his mother, a widow, removed with him, her only child, to Courtland, Alabama. They lived there together until 1856, and she made her home there until her death in 1864. In 1856 he went to Memphis, Tennessee, and there entered the employment of F. H. Clark & Company, and continued in their employ as a clerk, making no investments himself, but leaving his surplus earnings on interest in their hands, until January, 1866, when he went to the house of a cousin in Courtland, Alabama, and while there died by an accident, leaving personal estate in Alabama. On the 27th of January, 1866, Goodloe took out letters of administration in Alabama, and in February, 1866, went to Memphis, and there, upon exhibiting his letters. of administration, received from the defendant the sum of'
VOL. cvm-17

OCTOBER TERM, 1882.
Opinion of the Court.
money due to Quarles, amounting to $3,455.22 (which is the same for which this suit is brought), and included it in his inventory, and in his final account, which was allowed by the probate court in Alabama. There were no debts due from Quarles in Tennessee. All his next of kin resided in Virginia or in Alabama; and no administration was taken out on his estate in Tennessee until June, 1866, when letters of administration were there issued to the plaintiff.
There was conflicting evidence upon the question whether the domicil of Quarles at the time of his death was in Alabama or in Tennessee. The jury found that it was in Tennessee, under instructions, the correctness of which we are not prepared to affirm, but need not consider, because assuming them to be correct, we are of opinion that the court erred in instructing the jury that, if the domicil was in Tennessee, they must find for the plaintiff; and in refusing to instruct them, as requested by the defendant, that the payment to the Alabama administrator before the appointment of one in Tennessee, and there being no Tennessee creditors, was a valid discharge of the defendant, without reference to the domicil.
There is no doubt that the succession to the personal estate of a deceased person is governed by the law of his domicil at the time of his death; that the proper place for the principal administration of his estate is that domicil; that administration may also be taken out in any place in which he leaves personal property; and that no suit for the recovery of a debt due to him at the time of his death can be brought by an administrator as such in any State in which he has not taken out administration.
But the reason for this last rule is the protection of the rights of citizens of the State in which the suit is brought; and the objection does not rest upon any defect of the administrator's title in the property, but upon his personal incapacity to sue as administrator beyond the jurisdiction which appointed him.
If a debtor, residing in another State, comes into the State in which the administrator has been appointed, and there pays him, the payment is a valid discharge everywhere. If the

WILKINS v. ELLETT.
Opinion of the Court.
debtor, being in that State, is there sued by the administrator, and judgment recovered against him, the administrator may bring suit in his own name upon that judgment in the State where the debtor resides. Talmage v. Chkapel, 16 Mass. 71; Biddle v. Wilkins, 1 Pet. 686.
The administrator, by virtue of his appointment and authority as such, obtains the title in promissory notes or other written evidences of debt, held by the intestate at the time of his death, and coming to the possession of the administrator; and may sell, transfer and indorse the same; and the purchasers or indorsees may maintain actions in their own names against the debtors in another State, if the debts are negotiable promissory nbtes, or if the law of the State in which the action is brought permits the assignee of a chose in action to sue in his own name. Harper v. Butler, 2 Pet. 239; Shaw, 0. J., in Rand v. Hubbard, 4 Met. 252, 258-260; Petersen v. Chemical Bank, 32 N. Y. 21. And on a note made to the intestate, payable to bearer, an administrator appointed in one State may sue in his own name in another State. Barrett v. Barrett, 8 Greenl. 353; Robinson v. Crandall,9 Wend. 425.
In accordance with these views, it was held by this court, when this case was before it after a former trial, at which the domicil of the intestate appeared to have been in Alabama, that the payment in Tennessee to the Alabama administrator was good as against the administrator afterwards appointed in Tennessee. Wilkins v. Ellett, 9 Wall. 740.
The fact that the domicil of the intestate has now been found by the jury to be in Tennessee does not appear to us to make any difference. There are neither creditors nor next of kin in Tennessee. The Alabama administrator has inventoried and accounted for the amount of this debt in Alabama. The distribution among the next of kin, whether made in Alabama or in Tennessee, must be according to the law of the domicil; and it has not been suggested that there is any difference between the laws of the two States in that regard.
The judgment must therefore be reversed, and the case remanded with directions to set aside the verdict and to order a
-New trial.

BASKET V. HASSELL.

[Sup. Ct.

BASKET v. HASSELL.

1. A certificate of deposit in these terms: -

" EVANSVILLE NATIONAL BAMi,

" EVANSVILLE, IND., Sept. 8, 1875.

"H. M. Chaney has deposited in this bank twenty-three thousand five hundred and

fourteen 1. dollars, payable in current funds, to the order of himself, on surrender

of this certificate properly indorsed, with interest at the rate of six per cent per

annum, if left for six months.

1'$23,514.70.

HEnrY REIS, Caslder,"

- may, as a subsisting chose in action, be the subject of a valid gift, if the person therein named indorse and deliver it to the donee, and thus vest in him thetvhole title and interest therein, or so deliver it, without indorsement, as to divest the donor of all present control and dominion over it, and make an equitable assignment of the fund, which it represents and
describes. 2. A donatio mortis causa must, during the life of the donor, take effect as an
executed and complete transfer of his possession of the thing and his title thereto, although the right of the donee is subject to be divested by the actual revocation of the donor, or by his surviving the apprehended peril, or by his outliving the donee, or by the insufficiency of his estate to pay his debts. If by the terms and condition of the gift it is to take effect only upon the death of the donor, it is not such a doaatio, but is available, if at all, as a testamentary disposition. Where, therefore, during his last illness, and when he was in apprehension of death, the person named in the above certificate made thereon the following indorsement : --

"Pay to Martin Basket, of Henderson, Ky.; no one else; then not till my death.

My 'life seems to be uncertain. I may live through this spell. Then I will attend

to it myself.

"H. . C A E ,"

- and then delivered it to Basket, and died at his home in Tennessee, Held, that Basket by such indorsement and delivery acquired no title to or interest in the fund. 3. An appeal will not be dismissed by reason of the omission of certain persons who were parties to the suit in the court below, if they have no interest in maintaining or reversing the decree.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Indiana.
This is a bill in equity, filed by Hassell, administrator of Chaney, a citizen of Tennessee, to which, besides Basket, a citizen of Kentucky, The Evansville National Bank, Indiana, Samuel Bayard, its president, and Henry Reis, its cashier, and James W. Shackelford and Robert D. Richardson, attorneys for Basket, citizens of Indiana, were made parties defendant.

Oct. 1882.]

BASKET V. HASSELL.

The single question in the case was, whether a certain fund, represented by a certificate of deposit, issued by the bank to Chaney in his lifetime, belonged to Basket, who claimed it as a gift from Chancy, and had possession of the certificate, or to Hlassell, as Chaney's administrator. Basket asserted his title not only by answer, but by a cross-bill. The final decree ordered that the certificate of deposit be surrendered to Hassell, and that the bank pay to him, as its holder, the amount due thereon. The money was then tendered by the bank, in open court, and the certificate was deposited with the clerk. It was thereupon ordered, Basket having prayed an appeal, that until the expiration of the time allowed for filing a bond on appeal the bank should hold the money as a deposit at four per cent interest, but if a bond be given, that the same be paid to the clerk, and by him loaned to the bank on the same terms. Basket failed to give the bond required for a sueiad.eas, but afterwards prayed another appeal, which he perfected by giving bond for costs alone. To this appeal Basket and Hassell are the parties respectively, the co-defendauts not having appealed, or been cited after severance. On the ground that they are necessary parties, Hlassell moves to dismiss the appeal.
The fund which gave rise to the controversy was represented by a certificate of deposit, as follows: -

"EvANsvrLLE NATIONAL BANK,

" EVANSviLE, IND., Sept. 8, 1875.

"H11. 1. Chancy has deposited in this bank twenty-three thousand

five hundred and fourteen fo oj dollars, payable in current funds, to the order of himself, on surrender of this certificate properly in-

dorsed, with interest at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum, if left for

six months.

"*23,514.70.

HENRY REIS, Cashier."

Chancy, being in possession of this certificate at his home in the county of Sumner, State of Tennessee, during his last sickness and in apprehension of death, wrote on the back thereof the following indorsement: -
"Pay to Martin Basket, of Henderson, Ky.; no one else; then not till my death. My life seems to be uncertain. I may live through this spell. Then I will attend to it myself
" H. A. CHiANEY."

BASKET V. HASSELL.

[Sup. Ct.

-Chaney then delivered the certificate to Basket, and died, without recovering from that sickness, in January, 1876.
Hr. Philip Phillips and 31r. W. Hallett Phillipsfor the appellant.
Chaney undoubtedly intended, by the indorsement and delivery of the certificate, that Basket should receive the money evidenced by it. The inquiry then is, whether the words used by him are to be construed by some rigorous rule of law so as
to defeat his intention. This subject of donations causa mortis was at an early
period considered by Lord Hardwicke in Ward v. Turner,2 Ves. Sen. 431, in which he held that an actual delivery was indispensable, and that a delivery to the donee, of receipts for South Sea annuities, was not sufficient to pass the property, though it was strong evidence of the intent. The delivery of the receipt was not a delivery of the thing. I After referring to the ruling, that a promissory note or bill of exchange not payable to bearer or indorsed in blank cannot so take effect, inasmuch as no property therein can pass by the delivery of the instrument, and to the like ruling for
like reason, as to receipts for South Sea annuities, Story says: "It may admit of doubt whether the doctrine can now, upon principle, be sustained; for the ground upon which courts of
equity now support donationes mortis causa is not that a complete property in the thing must pass by the delivery, but that it must so far pass by the delivery of the instrument as to give a title to the donee to the assistance of a court of equity to make the donation complete. The doctrine no longer prevails, that where a delivery will not execute a complete gift inter vivos, it cannot create a donatio mortis causa, because it would not prevent the property from vesting in the executor; and that as a court of equity will not, inter vivos, compel a party to complete his gift, so it will not compel the executor to complete the gift of his testator. On the contrary, the doctrine now'established by the highest authorities is, that courts of equity do not consider the interest as completely vested in the donee, but treat the delivery of the instrument as executing a trust for the donee to be enforced in equity." Story's Eq. Jur., sect. 607, p. 618.

Oct. 1882.]

BASKET V. HASSELL.

In Duffleld v. -lwes,Sir John Leach made the declaration that where delivery would not execute a complete gift inter vivos it could not create a donatio mwrtis causa. This proposition was directly overruled by Lord Eldon in the House of Lords on appeal. 1 Bligh, N.s. 497.
He held that it was only essential to constitute a donatio causa mortis that the delivery should be sufficient to raise a trust, and that equity would compel the representatives of the donor to complete that which was incomplete.
In Veal v. Veal, the gift was resisted on the ground that the note was payable to order, and not indorsed. Romilly, M. R., after reviewing previous decisions, refers to the fact that Sir John Leach's decision in Duffield v. Blwes had been overruled in the House of Lords, and says: "I also think it a much more healthy state of the law, that the validity of such a gift should not depend on whether the testator had written his name -on the back of the bill or not, if it be the clear intent that he intended to give it." 27 Beav. 803.
In Grymes v. Hone, 49 N. Y. 17, the owner of certain bank stock made an assignment of the same to his granddaughter, and appointed her his attorney to transfer or sell the same for her use. This paper, after being kept by him for some time, he delivered to his wife, saying: " I intend this for Nelly; if I die, don't give it to the executor." She asked, "Why not give it to her now? " "Well," said he, "better keep it for the present. I don't know how much longer I may last, or what will happen, or whether we may need it."
The action was, by the donee, against the ekecutor for the recovery of the bank stock or its value. Judgment was rendered for plaintiff and affirmed in the court of appeals.
There it was said the transaction as to such a gift is: " The donor says, ' I am ill, and fear I shall die of this illness, wherefore I wish you to take these things and hand them to my granddaughter after my death; but do not band them to her now, as I may need them.' A good donatio mortis causa always implies all this. If delivered absolutely to the donee in person, the law holds it void in case the donor recovers, and he may then reclaim it. To make a valid gift mortis causa, it is not necessary there should be any express qualification in the

BASKET V. HASSELL.

[Sup. Ct.

transfer of delivery. It may be found to be such a gift from the attending circumstances, though the written transfer may be absolute."
It was urged that the gift was not completed, inasmuch as the stock was not transferred on the book of the bank, and could not be until the certificate was surrendered ; that equity would not aid a volunteer to perfect an imperfect title. But the court held that, by the modern authorities, the gift was valid, notwithstanding these objections, that the equitable title passed by the assignment, and it was not necessary to hand over the certificate; that a court of equity will compel the donor's representative to produce the certificate, that the legal title may be perfected.
The doctrine as we have announced it is fully sustained by the decisions in Tennessee, where the gift was made.
In Cass v. Simpson, decided in 1867, Gass, as administrator of Carter, filed his bill, in which he alleged that when Carter left home, in 1862, to join the Union army in Kentucky, from whence he never returned (having died in 1863), he placed in Simpson's hands for safe keeping certain moneys, notes of hand, and receipts, with other valuable papers, all of which complainant was entitled to as administrator.
Simpson answered that when Carter made this deposit with him, he said, if he never returned, he wanted it all to belong to his son, George Simpson, then a youth of six years.
The case was heard on bill and answer, and this was.decreed as a good gift causa mortis. 4 Cold. (Tenn.) 288.
The certificate of deposit held by Chaney was in all respects the negotiable promissory note of the bank, and, on well-settled decisions, its delivery, with or without an indorsement, would confer a good title.
The learned district judge, in his opinion, admits that it is "now settled that choses in action, whether negotiable or not, may be the subject of gifts causa mortis," and that money on deposit may be delivered by delivery of the certificate of deposit.
Nevertheless, he holds that in this case there was no gift, inasmuch as by the indorsement of the certificate Basket "could

Oct. 1882.]

BASKET V. HIASSELL.

not have compelled the delivery of the money to him during the lifetime of the donor."
But if our preceding citations correctly define the principles governing such gifts, the delivery of a note payable to order and not indorsed, or the delivery of the bank-book without assignment, constitutes a good gift, though the money could not be collected in the lifetime of the donor.
The certificate was delivered. It represented the money which Chaney had loaned to the bank. The wording of the indorsement does not affect the question of delivery of the paper, but expresses the condition on the happening of which Basket's title to the money due by the bank should be complete.
Similar language is found in many of the cases which have been sustained as gifts eausa mortis. Thus, in Skelgrove v. Bailey, decided by Lord Hardwicke, there was a delivery of a bond with the declaration, "In case I die, it is yours." 3 Atk. 214. "I want to deal with it in my lifetime." Aieridithv. Watson, 17 Jur. 1063. In Sessions v. 31oseley, decided by Chief Justice Shaw, notes were handed by payee to another to be given by him to a third after the donor's death. 4 Cush. (Mass.) 87. 31itclell v. Snzitht, much relied on by the other side, does not touch the question. The indorsement was not made in contemplation of death. There was no evidence to show that the testator was not in perfect health at the time of the gift. The court below held that the indorsement was sufficient to found a recovery at law. This was reversed on appeal. The same donor subsequently, in contemplation of death, and in extremis, handed to the defendant some mortgage deeds, saying: "I want to leave something for Christiana." "Give them to Christiana." This was held good as a gift causa mortis, and the report is particular to say, "that it was not sought to disturb the ViceChancellor's decision upon the point relating to the gift of the title-deeds." 10 L. T. N. s. 520, 801.
The condition expressed in the indorsement of the certificate is one which the law would enforce under the circumstances, if the indorsement had been absolute. G-rymes v. Hone, above cited.
The rule as to checks and notes of the donor himself stands on different grounds; unless presented in the lifetime of the

BASKET V. HASSELL.

[Sup. Ct.

drawer, they will not be paid. The question here is as to the effect of the indorsement of a note of the bank.
Hr.Asa Iglehart and Hr. J. B. Iglehart,contra.

MR. JUSTICE MATTHEWS, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
.Itis apparent that the sole controversy is between Basket
and Hassell, the present parties to the appeal. By the delivery of the certificate of deposit to the clerk the attorneys of Basket are exonerated from all responsibility; and the payment of the money by the bank to Hassell equally relieves it and its officers; for, not being parties to the appeal, and the execution of the decree not having been superseded, the decree will always furnish them protection, whether affirmed or reversed, because, if reversed, it would only be so as between the parties to the appeal. So that the omitted parties have no legal interest, either in maintaining or reversing the decree, and, consequently, are not necessary parties to the appeal. Forgay v. Conrad, 6 How. 203; Cox v. United States, 6 Pet. 182; Germain v. Mason, 12 Wall. 261; Simpson v. Greely, 20 id. 152. The motion to dismiss the appeal is accordingly overruled.
It is claimed on behalf of the appellant that the delivery of the certificate under the circumstances mentioned in the statement of the case constitutes a valid donatio mortis causa,which entitles him to the fund; and whether it be so, is the sole question for our determination.
The general doctrine of the common law as to gifts of this character is fully recognized by the Supreme Court of Tennessee as part of the law of that State. Bichardson v. Adams, 10 Yerg. 273; Sims v. Walker, 8 Humph. 503; Gass v. Simpson, 4 Cold. 288.
In the case last mentioned, that court had occasion to consider the nature of such a disposition of property, and the several elements that enter into its proper definition.
Among other things, it said: -
f" A question seems to have arisen, at an early day, over
which there was much contest, as to the real nature of gifts causa mortis. Were they gifts inter vivos, to take effect before the death of the donor, or were they in the nature of a legacy,

Oct. 1882.]

BASKET V. HASSELL.

taking effect only at the death of the donor. At the termina-

tion of this contest, it seems to have been settled, that a gift

eausa inortis is ambulatory and incomplete during the donor's

life, and is therefore revocable by him and subject to his debts,

upon a deficiency of assets, not because the gift is testamentary

or in the nature of a legacy, but because such is the condition

annexed to it, and because it would otherwise be fraudulent as

to creditors; for no man may give his property who is unable

to pay his debts; and all now agree that it has no other prop-

erty in common with a legacy. The property must pass at the

time and not be intended to pass at the giver's death; yet, the

party making the gift does not part with the whole interest,

save only in a certain event; and until the event occurs which

is to divest him, the title remains in the donor. The donee is

vested with an inchoate title, and the intermediate ownership

is in him; but his title is defeasible, until the happening of

the event necessary to render it absolute. It differs from a

legacy in this, that it does not require probate, does not pass

to the executor or administrator, but is taken against and not

from him. Upon the happening of the event upon which the

gift is dependent, the title of the donee becomes, by relation,

complete and absolute from the time of the delivery, and that

without any consent or other act on the part of the executor or

administrator; consequently, the gift is inter vivos." In an-

other part of the opinion (p. 297) it is said: "All the author-

ities agree that delivery is essential to the validity of the gift,

and that, it is said, is a wise principle of our laws, because

delivery strengthens the evidence of the gift; and is certainly

a very powerful fact for the prevention of frauds and perjury.>

In the first of these extracts there is an inaccuracy of ex-

pression, which seems to have introduced some confusion, if.

not an apparent contradiction, when, after having stated that

"the property must pass at the time and not be intended to

pass at the giver's death," it is added, that "until the event

occurs which is to divest him, the title remains in the donor."

But a view of the entire passage leaves no room to doubt Ws

meaning; that a donatio mortis eausa must be completely

executed, precisely as required in the case of gifts inter vivos,

subject to be divested by the happening of any of the con-

VOL. XVIL

39

BASKET V. HlASSELL.

[Sup. Ct.

ditions subsequent, that is, upon actual revocation by the donor, or by the donor's surviving the apprehended peril, or outliving the donee, or by the occurrence of a deficiency of assets necessary to pay the debts of the deceased donor. These conditions are the only qualifications that distinguish gifts mortis causa and inter vivos. On the other hand, if the gift does not take effect as an executed and complete transfer to the donee of possession and title, either legal or equitable, during the life of the donor, it is a testamentary disposition, good only if made and proved as a will.
This statement of the law is, we think, correctly deduced from the judgments of the highest courts in England and in this country; although, as might well have been expected, since the early introduction of the doctrine into the common law from the Roman civil law, it has developed, by new and successive applications, not without fluctuating and inconsistent decisions.
"As to the character of the thing given," says Shaw, C. 3., in Chase v. Bedding, 13 Gray (Mass.), 418, 420, "the law has undergone some changes. Originally it was limited, with some exactness, to chattels, to some object of value deliverable by the hand; then extended to securities transferable solely by delivery, as bank-notes, lottery tickets, notes payable to bearer or to order, and indorsed in blank; subsequently it has been extended to bonds and other choses in action, in writing or represented by a certificate, when the entire equitable interest is assigned; and in the very latest cases on the subject in this Commonwealth, it has been held that a note not negotiable, or if negotiable, not actually indorsed, but delivered, passes, with a right to use the name of the administrator of the promisee, to collect it for the donee's own use," citing Sessions v. 11oseley, 4 Cush. (Mass.) 87; Bates v. Kempton, 7 Gray (Mass.), 382; Parishv. Stone, 14 Pick. (Mass.) 198.
In the case last mentioned-Parish v. Stone-t-he same distinguished judge, speaking of the cases which had extended the doctrine of gifts mortis causa to include choses in action, delivered so as to operate only as a transfer by equitable assignment or a declaration of trust, says further, that "these cases all go on the assumption that a bond, note, or other

Oct. 1882.]

BASKET V. HASSELL.

security is a valid subsisting obligation for the payment of a sum of money, and the gift is, in effect, a gift of the money by a gift and delivery of the instrument that shows its existence and affords the means of reducing it to possession." He had, in a previous part of the same opinion, stated that "the necessity of an actual delivery has been uniformly insisted upon in the application of the rules of the English law to this species of gift." p. 204.
In C~arnp's Appeal, 36 Conn. 88, the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut held that a delivery to a donee of a savingsbank book, containing entries of deposits to the credit of the donor, with" the intention to give to the donee the deposits represented by the book, is a good delivery to constitute a complete gift of such deposits, on the general ground that a delivery of a chose in action that would be sufficient to vest an equitable title in a purchaser is a sufficient delivery to constitute a valid gift of such chose in action, without a transfer of the legal title. That was the case of a gift inter vivos. But the court say, referring to the case of Brown v. Brown, 18 Conn. 410, as having virtually determined the point: "It is true that was a donation causamortis, but the principle involved is the same in both cases, as there is no difference in respect to the requisites of a delivery between the two classes of gifts." And so Wilde, J., delivering the opinion of the court in Grover v. Grover, 24 Pick. (Mass.) 261, 264, expressly declared that "a gift of a chose in action, provided no claims of creditors interfere to affect its validity, ought to stand on the same footing as a sale;" that the title passed, and the gift became perfected by delivery and acceptance; that there was, therefore, "no good reason why property thus acquired should not be protected as fully and effectually as property acquired by purchase;" and showed, by a reference to the cases, that there -was no difference in this respect between gifts inter vivos and mortis causa.
In respect to the opinion in this case, it is to be observed, that it cites with approval the case of Wright v. JWright, 1 Cow. (N. Y.) 598, in which it was decided that the promissory note, of which the donor himself was maker, might be the subject of a valid gift mortis causa, though the concurrence was not

BASKET V. HASSELL.

[Sup. Ct.

upon that point. That case, however, has never been followed. It was expressly disapproved and disregarded by the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut in Raymond v. Sellicic, 10 Conn. 480, Waite, J., delivering the opinion of the court; it had been expressly questioned and disapproved by Shaw, C. J.,
in Parish v. Stone, 14 Pick. (Mass.) 198, and was distinctly overruled by the Court of Appeals of New York in Harrisv. Clark, 3 N. Y. 93. (In the latter case it was said: "Gifts, however, are valid without consideration or actual value paid in return. But there must be delivery of possession. The contract must have been executed. The thing given must be put into the hands of the donee, or placed within his power by delivery of the means .of obtaining it. The gift of the maker's own note is the delivery of a promise only, and not of the thing promised, and the -gift therefore fails. Without delivery, the transaction is not valid as an executed gift; and without consideration, it is not valid as a contract to be executed. The decision in Wright v. Wright was founded on a supposed distinction between a gift inter vivos and a donatio mortis causa. But there appears to be no such distinction. A delivery of
ossession is indispensable in either case.") The case from which this extract is taken was very thoroughly argued by Mr. John C. Spencer for the plaintiff, and Mr. Charles O'Connor for the defendant, and the judgment of the court states and reviews the doctrine on the subject with much learning and ability. It was held that a written order upon a third person, for the payment of money, made by the donor, was not the subject of a valid gift, either inter vivo8 or mnortis eausa; and the rule applicable in such cases, as conceded 'by Mr. O'Connor, was stated by him, as follows: "' Delivery to the donee of such an instrument as will enable him, by force of the'instrument itself, to reduce the fund into possession, will suffice,' is the plaintiff's doctrine. This might safely be conceded. It might even be conceded that a delivery out of 'the donor's' control of an instrument, without which he, could not recover the fund from his debtor or agent, would also suffice." The same view, in substance, was taken in deciding Hewitt ,v. Kaye, Law Rep. 6 Eq. 198, which was the case of a check

Oct. 1882.]

BASKET v. HASSELL.

on a banker, given by the drawer mortis causa, who died before it was possible to present it, and which was held not to be valid. Lord Romilly, M. R., said: " When a man on his death-bed gives to another an instrument, such as a bond, or promissory note, or an I 0 U, he gives a chose in action, and the delivery of the instrument confers upon the donee all the rights to the chose in action arising out of the instrument. That is the principle upon which Amis -vW. itt, 33 Beavan, 619, was decided, where the donor gave the donee a document by which the bankers acknowledged that they held so much money belonging to the donor at his disposal, and it was held that the delivery of that document conferred upon the donee the right to receive the money. But a cheque isnothing more than an order to obtain a certain sum of money, and it makes no difference whether the money is at a banker's or anywhere else. It is an order to deliver the money, and if the order is not acted upon in the lifetime of the person who gives it, it is worth nothing."
Accordingly the Vice-Chancellor, In re Beak's E-state, Law Rep. 13 Eq. 489, refused to sustain as valid the gift of a check upon a banker, even although its delivery was accompanied by that of the donor's pass-book.
The same rule, as to an unpaid and unaccepted check, was followed in TIe Second .NationalBank of -Detroitv. Williams, 13 Mlich. 282. The principle is that a check upon a bank account is not of itself an equitable assignment of the fund. Bank of the Republic v. Millard, 10 Wall. 152; but if the banker accepts the check, or otherwise subjects himself to liability as a trustee, prior to the death of the donor, the gift is complete and vard. Bromley v. Brunton, Law Rep. 6 Eq. 275.
Contrary decisions have been made in respect to donations morti8 eausa of savings-bank books, some courts holding that the book itself is a document of title, the delivery of which, with that intent, is an equitable assignment of the fund. Pierce v. Boston Savings Bank, 129 Mass. 425; Hill v. Stevenson, 63 Me. 364; Tillinghast v. JWleaton, 8 R. I. 536. The contrary was held in Ashbrook v. Rylon, 2 Bush (Ky.), 228, and in McGonnell v. Murray, Irish Rep. 3 Eq. 460.
That a delivery of a certificate of deposit, such as that de-

--614

BASKET V. HASSELL.

[Sup. Ct.

scribed in the record in this case, might constitute a valid dona,tio mortis causa, does not admit of doubt. It was so decided in .Amis v. Witt, 33 Beav. 619; -111oore v. fMoore, Law Rep. 18 Eq. 474; JHewitt v. Kaye, 6 id. 198; Westerlo v. De Witt, 36 N. Y. 340. A certificate of deposit is a subsisting chose in action and represents the fund it describes, as in cases of notes, bonds, and other securities, so that a delivery of it, as a gift, constitutes an equitable assignment of the money for which it calls.
The point, which is made clear by this review of the decisions on the subject, as to the nature and effect of a delivery of.a chose in action, is, as we think, that the instrument or document must be the evidence of a subsisting obligation and be delivered to the donee, so as to vest him with an equitable title to the fund it represents, and to divest the donor of all present control and dominion over it, absolutely and irrevocably, in case of a gift inter vivos, but upon the recognized conditions subsequent, in case of a gift mortis causa; and that a delivery which does not confer upon the donee the present right to reduce the fund into possession by enforcing the obligation, according to its terms, will not suffice. A delivery, in terms, which confers upon the donee power to control the fund only after the death of the donor, when by the instrument itself it is presently payable, is testamentary in character, and not good as a gift. Further illustrations and applications of the principle may be found in the following cases: Powell v. ifelliear,26 Beav. 261; .Reddel v. Dobree, 10 Sim. 244; Farquharson v. Cave, 2 Colly. C. C. 356; Hateh v. Atkinson, 56 Me. 324; Bunn v. Markham, 7 Taunt. 224; Coleman v. Parker, 114 Mass. 30; TWing v. l.erchant, 57 Me. 383; Mc Willie v. Van Vacter, 35 Miss. 428; Egerton v. Egerton, 17 N. J. Eq. 419; Iichener v. Dale, 23 Pa. St. 59.
The application of these principles to the circumstances of the present case requires the conclusion that the appellant acquired no title to the fund in controversy, by the indorsement and delivery of the certificate of deposit. The certificate was payable on demand; and it is unquestionable that a delivery of it to the donee, with an indorsement in blank, or a special indorsement to the donee, or without indorsement, would have transferred the whole title and interest of the donor in the fund

Oct. 1882.]

BASKET V. HASSELL.

represented by it, and might have been valid as a donatio morti8 eau8a. That transaction would have enabled the donee to reduce the fund into actual possession, by enforcing payment according to the terms of the certificate. The donee might have forborne to do so, but that would not have affected his right. It cannot be said that obtaining payment in the lifetime of the donor would have been an unauthorized use of the instrument, inconsistent with the nature of the gift; for the gift is of the money, and of the certificate of deposit, merely as a means of obtaining it. And if the donee had drawn the money, upon the surrender of the certificate, and the gift had been subsequently revoked, either by the act of the donor or by operation of law, the donee would be only under the same obligation to return the money, that would have existed to return the certificate, if he had continued to hold it, uncollected.
But the actual transaction was entirely different. .The indorsement, which accompanied the delivery, qualified it, and limited and restrained the authority of the donee in the collection of the money, so as to forbid its payment until the donor's death. The property in the fund did not presently pass, but remained in the donor, and the donee was excluded from its possession and control during the life of the donor. That qualification of the right, which would have belonged to him if
he had become the present owner of the fund, establishes that there was no delivery of possession, according to the terms of the instrument, and that as the gift was to take effect only upon the death of the donor, it was not a present executed gift mortis cazUia, but a testamentary disposition. The right conferred upon the donee was that expressed in the indorsement; and that, instead of being a transfer of the donor's title and interest in the fund, as established by the terms of the certificate of deposit, was merely an order upon the bank to pay to the donee the money called for by the certificate, upon the death of the donor. It was, in substance, not an assignment of the fund on deposit, but a check upon the bank against a de-. posit, which, as is shown by all the authorities and upon the nature of the case, cannot be valid as a donatio morti8 causa, even where it is payable in yresenti, unless paid or accepted'

616

BASKET V. HASSELL.

[Sup. Ct.

while the donor is alive; how much less so, when, as in the present case, it is made payable only upon his death.
The case is not distinguishable from Mitchell v. Smith, 4 De G., J. & S. 422, where the indorsement upon promissory notes, claimed as a gift, was, "I bequeath -pay the within contents to Simon Smith, or his order, at my death." Lord Justice Turner said: "In order to render the indorsement and delivery of a promissory note effectual they must be such as to enable the indorsee himself to indorse and negotiate the note. That the respondent, Simon Smith, could not have done here during the testator's life." It was accordingly held that the disposition of the notes was testamentary and invalid.
It cannot be said that the condition in the indorsement, which forbade payment until the donor's death, was merely the condition attached by the law to every such gift. Because the condition, which inheres in the gift nortis causa,is a subsequent condition, that the subject of the gift shall be returned if the gift fails by revocation; in the mean time the gift is executed, the title has vested, the dominion and control of the donor has passed to the donee. While here, the condition annexed by the donor to his gift is a condition precedent, which must happen before it becomes a gift, and, as the contingency contemplated is the donor's death, the gift cannot be executed in his lifetime, and, consequently, can never take effect.
This view of the law was the one taken by the Circuit Court as the basis of its decree, in which we accordingly fBnd no error. It is, accordingly,
Affirmed.

MR. JUSTICE MILLER did not sit in this case, nor take any part in deciding it.

174

JONES v. HABERSHAM.

[Sup. Ct.

JoNEs v. HABERSHAM.
1. In a will containing many legacies, bequests, and devises, each present and immediate in form, to individuals and to charitable institutions, a clause expressing a wish and direction that none of the legacies, bequests, or devises "shall be executed or take effect until" a certain memorial hall (in fact nearly finished at the time of the execution of the will and of the testator's death) on land previously conveyed by the testator in trust, "shall be completed and entirely paid for out of my estate," does not suspend the vesting, but only the payment and carrying out of the various legacies, bequests, and devises.
2. Section 2419 of the Code of Georgia of 1873 does not invalidate a charitable devise contained in a will executed within ninety dayd before the testator's death, unless he leaves a wife or child or descendants of a child.
3. The validity of a charitable devise as against the heir at law depends upon the law of the State where the land lies.
4. The validity of a charitable bequest as against the next of kin depends upon the law of the State of the testator's domicile.
5. The law of charities is fully adopted in Georgia, as far as is compatible with a free government where no royal prerogative is exercised.
6. A parcel of land, with buildings thereon, was devised to the trustees of the Independent Presbyterian Church in Savannah, an incorporated religious society, "upon the following terms and conditions, and not otherwise:" 1st. That the trustees should appropriate annually out of the rents and profits the sum of $1,000 "to one or more Presbyterian or Congregational Churches in the State of Georgia in such destitute and needy localities as the proper officers of said Independent Presbyterian Church may select, so as to promote the cause of religion among the poor and feeble churches
of the State." 2d. That the trustees should not materially alter the pulpit or galleries of the present church edifice, or sell the lot on which the Sabbath-school room of the church stood. 3d. That the trustees should keep in order the burial place of the testator, which he devised to them for that purpose. Held, that under the Code of Georgia of 1873, sect. 3157, the charitable purposes named in the first and third conditions were good charitable uses, sufficiently defined; that the trustees were capable of taking the devise, and that its validity was not impaired by the conditions subsequent. 7. A devise to a society incorporated "for th6 relief of distressed widows and the schooling and maintaining of poor children," of buildings and land, to "use and appropriate the rents and profits for the support of the school and charities of said institution, without said lot being at any time liable for the debts or contracts of said society," is a good charitable devise. 8. A devise to a society incorporated "for the relief of indigent widows and orphans in the city of Savannah," of buildings and land, "the rents and profits to be appropriated to the benevolent purposes of said society," is a good charitable devise. 9. The rule against perpetuities does not apply to charities; and if a devise is made to one charity in the first instance, and then over, upon a contingency

Oct. 1882.]

JONES V. HABEPSHAM.

which may not take place within the limit of that rule, to another charity, the limitation over to the second charity is good. 10. Restrictions imposed by the charter of a corporation upon the amount of property that it may hold cannot be taken advantage of collaterally by private persons, but only in a direct proceeding by the State. 11. The provision of the Constitution of Georgia of 1868, which declares that "the General Assembly shall have no power to grant corporate powers and privileges to private companies" (with certain exceptions), "but it shall prescribe by law the manner in which such powers shall be exercised by the courts," does not take away from the General Assembly the power to amend the charters of existing corporations by modifying or enlarging their powers. 12. A devise to a historical society of a house containing a collection of books, documents, and works of art, in trust to keep and preserve the same, with the collection therein, and other books and works of art to be purchased by the officers of the society out of the income of a fund bequeathed by the devisor for the purpose, "as a public edifice for a library and academy of arts and sciences," and "to be open for the use of the public" on such terms and under such reasonable regulations as the society may prescribe, is a good charitable devise, and is not invalidated by a requirement to place and keep over the entrance a marble slab with the name of the testator engraved thereon; and if the society is incapable of executing the trust, a court of equity, in the exercise of its ordinary jurisdiction, and under sect. 8195 of the Code of Georgia of 1873, may appoint a new trustee. 13. A devise and bequest in trust for the building, endowment, and maintenance of "a hospital for females within the city of Savannah, on a permanent basis, into which sick and indigent females are to be admitted and cared for in such manner and on such terms as may be defined and prescribed by" certain directresses named and their associates, who are to obtain an act of incorporation for the purpose, is a valid charitable devise and bequest, although no time is limited for the erection of the building or the obtaining of the charter. 14. A bequest "to the first Christian church erected or to be erected in the village of Telfairville in Burke County, or to such persons as may become trustees of the same," is a good charitable bequest.

APPErAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Georgia.
The case is fully stated in the opinion of the court.
The case was argued by 11r. William W. M11ontgomery for the appellants, and by i31r. Alexander B. Lawton and K'r. Walter S. Cislolm, with whom was Mr. Charles C. Jones, Jr., for the appellees.

MR.JUSTICE GRAY delivered the opinion of the court. This is a bill in equity, by the heirs at law and next of kin of Miss Mary Telfair of Savannah, against the executors of her

176

JONES v. HABERSHAI.

[Sup. Ct.

will and the devisees and legatees named therein, to have the devises and bequests adjudged void and a resulting trust declared in favor of the plaintiffs. The will, which was executed the day before the testatrix died, and was afterwards admitted to probate in the court of appropriate jurisdiction of the State of Georgia, disposed of property amounting to more than $650,000, contained many devises and bequests to individuals and to charitable objects, and appointed the executors of the will trustees under its provisions. The defendants filed a general demurrer. The opinion delivered by Mr. Justice Bradley in the Circuit Court, sustaining the demurrer and dismissing the bill, is reported in 3 Woods, 443.
The plaintiffs, in the first place, contend that by the twentysecond clause of the will all the devises and bequests, as well those to private persons as those for charitable purposes, are brought within the rule against perpetuities, by which every devise or bequest is void which may by possibility not take effect within a life or lives in being and twenty-one years afterwards. That clause is as follows -
"Twenty-second. It is my wish, and I hereby so direct, that none of the legacies, bequests, and devises in any of the clauses of this my will shall be executed or take effect until the building and other improvements on the lot on the corner of Gaston and Whittaker Streets, and known as the Hodgson Memorial Hall, which I have conveyed in trust to the Georgia Historical Society, shall be completed and entirely paid for out of my estate."

The bill, which was filed nearly four years after the death of the testatrix, alleges, and the demurrer admits, that the building and other improvements referred to were in course of construction at the time of her death, but were not completed until many months thereafter, but whether they were yet entirely paid for the plaintiffs were not certainly informed, and that, if not paid for, it was the only debt known to them, now existing against the estate.
Reading the twenty-second clause in connection with the other parts of the will, and in the light of the attending facts, it is quite clear that the words "take effect" are used by the testatrix as synonymous with or equivalent to the word "exe-

Oct. 1882.]

JONES V. IABERSHAM.

cuted," with which they are coupled, and not as signifying that the devises and bequests shall not vest immediately, but only that they shall not be paid or carried out until the debt contracted by the testatrix for the construction of the Hodgson Memorial Hall shall have been paid out of her estate. Each devise and bequest is present and immediate in form, introduced by the words "I give, devise, and bequeath." The bill shows that the building and improvements referred to were, at the time of the death of the testatrix, in the course of construction, and so far advanced that they were actually completed within some months afterwards, so that the probable cost must have been capable of estimation at the time of the making of the will. The twenty-second clause is but a declaration of what the law would require, that the debt of the testatrix for the construction of the memorial hall must be first paid out of her estate before her devisees and legatees receive any benefit therefrom.
The next objection, which touches all the devises to charitable purposes, is based on the following provision of the Code of Georgia of 1873: -

"SECT. 2419. No person leaving a wife or child, or descendants of child, shall by will devise more than one-third of his estate to any charitable, religious, educational, or civil institution, to the exclusion of such wife or child; and in all cases the will containing such devise shall be executed at least ninety days before the death of the testator, or such devise shall be void."

The plaintiffs contend that the latter part of this section

applies to every will containing a charitable devise, whether

the testator does or does not leave a wife or child or the de-

scendants of a child; and that therefore, although this testa-

trix left no issue and had never been married, yet the will hav-

ing been executed less than ninety days before her death, the

charitable devises contained therein are void.

In support of this position reference is made to cases in the

courts of New York and Pennsylvania. Harris v. Slaght, 46

Barb. (N. Y.) 470; s. a. nom. Harrisv. American Bible Soci-

ety, 2 Abbott, App. Dec. (N. Y.) 316; Lefevre v. Lefevre, 59

N. Y. 434; Price v. Maxwell, 28 Pa. St. 23; M3eean v.

VOL. "VI.

12

JONES V. HABERSHAM.

[Sup. Ot.

Wade, 41 id. 266; Miller v. Porter, 53 id. 292; .Rhymer'8 Appeal, 93 id. 142. But the statutes under which those cases were decided were quite different from that of Georgia.
The enactment in New York formed part of an act for the incorporation of charitable societies, and is as follows: "Any corporation formed under this act shall be capable of taking, holding, or receiving any property, real or personal, by virtue of any devise or bequest contained in any last will or testament of any person whatsoever, the clear annual income of which devise or bequest shall not exceed the sum of ten thousand dollars: Provided,no person leaving a wife, or child, or parent, shall devise or bequeath to such institution or corporation more than one-fourth of his or her estate, after the payment of his or her debts, and such devise or bequest shall be valid to the extent of such one-fourth; and no such devise or bequest shall be valid in any will which shall not have been made and executed at least two months before the death of the testator." Statute of N. Y. of 1848, c. 819, sect. 6; 2 N. Y. Rev. Stat. (ed. 1859), c. 18, tit. 7, sect. 6. The leading clause of that section, to which the last clause of the same section was held to relate, and which is wholly omitted in the Georgia statute, spoke of devises and bequests to charitable corporations "contained in any last will or testament of any person what-
soever."
The provision of the corresponding statute of Pennsylvania was still plainer; for it did not mention wife or child at all, but enacted in the most positive words that "no estate, real or personal, shall hereafter be bequeathed, devised, or conveyed to any body politic, or to any person, in trust for religious or charitable uses, except the same be done by deed or will, attested by two credible, and, at the time, disinterested witnesses, at least one calendar month before the decease of the testator or alienor; and all dispositions of property contrary hereto shall be void, and go to the residuary legatee or devisee, next of kin or heirs, according to law: Provided, that every disposition of property within said period, bona fide made for a fair valuable consideration, shall not be hereby avoided." Statute of Penn. of 1855, c. 847, sect. 11; Purdon's Digest (10th ed.),
208.

Oct. 1882.]

JONES V. HABERSHAM.

But in the provision on which the appellants rely, which is inserted in the chapter on wills of the Code of Georgia, and is the only provision as to charitable devises contained in that chapter, the leading clause is limited to the will of a person, leaving a wife or child or descendants of a child, containing a devise to a charitable institution to the exclusion of such wife or child; and the words in the subsequent clause, "in all cases the will containing such devise," naturally, if not necessarily, refer to a will containing a devise to such an institution by a person leaving a wife or issue. The provision has been so construed by the Supreme Court of Georgia in a case decided in 1867, and again in 1878 in the case of this very will. Beffnolds v. Bristow, 37 Ga. 283; Wetter v. .fabersham, 60 id. 193, 194, 203. It is suggested by the learned counsel for the appellants that what was said upon this point in each of those cases was obiter dictum, because the question at issue was not of the construction or effect of the will, but only whether it should be admitted to probate. But the reports clearly show that the court considered that the question whether the will was illegal and void, so far as regarded the charitable devises, because in contravention of this statute, was presented for adjudication upon the offer of the whole will for probate.
The separate objections taken to the several charitable devises and bequests remain to be considered.
According to the uniform course of the decisions of this court, the validity of these devises, as against the heirs at law, depends upon the law of the State in which the lands lie, and the validity of the bequests, as against the next of kin, upon the law of the State in which the testatrix had her domicile. Fidal v. airard,2 How. 127; Wheeler v. Smith, 9 id. 55; MltcDonogh v. Murdoch, 15 id. 367 ; Fontain v. Ravenel, 17 id. 369, 384, 394; Perin v. Carey, 24 id. 465; Lorings v. M/arsh, 6 Wall. 337; United States v. Fox, 94 U. S. 315; Kain v. aibloney, 101 id. 362 ; _ussell v. Allen, ante, p. 163.
The Code of Georgia of 1873 contains the following provisions on the subject of charitable uses: -
"SecT. 2468. A devise or bequest to a charitable use will be sustained and carried out in this State; and in all cases where there is a general intention manifested by the testator to effect a cer-

JONES V. HABERSHAM.

[Sup. Ct.

tain purpose, and the particular mode in which he directs it to be done fails from any cause, a court of chancery may, by approximation, effectuate the purpose in a manner most similar to that indicated by the testator."
"SECT. 3155. Equity has jurisdiction to carry into effect the charitable bequest of a testator, or founder, or donor, where the same are definite and specific in their objects, and capable of being
executed.
"SECT. 3156. If the specific mode of execution be for any cause impossible, and the charitable intent be still manifest and definite, the court may, by approximation, give effect in a manner next most consonant with the specific mode prescribed.
"SECT. 3157. The following subjects are proper matters of charity
for the jurisdiction of equity: 1. The relief of aged, impotent, diseased, or poor people. 2. Every educational purpose. 3. Provisions for religious instruction or worship. 4. For the construction or repair of public works, or highways, or other puiblic conveniences. 5. The promotion of any craft or persons engaging therein. 6. For the redemption or relief of prisoners or captives. 7. For the improvement or repair of burying-grounds or tombstones. 8. Other similar subjects, having for their object the relief of human suffering or the promotion of human civilization.
" SECT. 3158. A charity once inaugurated is always subject to the supervision and direction of a court of equity, to render effec-
tual its purpose and object."

These provisions were evidently enacted to clear up the doubts created by previous conflicting decisions and opinions of the Supreme Court of Georgia. Beall v. Fox, 4 Ga. 404; American Colonization Society v. Gartrell,23 id. 448 ; Walker v. Walker, 25 id. 420; Beall v. Drane, id. 430. They show, as was well observed by Mr. Justice Bradley in the Circuit Court, "that the law of charities is fully adopted in Georgia, as far as is compatible with a free government where no royal prerogative is exercised." 3 Woods, 469. And such has been the construction given to the, corresponding sections of the Code of 1865 by the Supreme Court of the State in a well-considered judgment, in which it was held that charitable bequests, the general objects of which the testator had pointed out, or fixed any means for pointing out, were sufficiently "definite and specific in their objects, and capable of being executed,"

Oct. 1882.]

JONES V. HIABERSHAM.

under the provisions of the Code and the ordinary jurisdiction of courts of chancery; and, therefore, that a bequest to a county court of a sum of money to be placed in the hands of four men, who were to give security, and lend out the principal, and pay over the interest annually to that court, "to pay for the education of poor children belonging to the county," was a good charitable bequest. ewson v. Starke, 46 Ga. 88.
In the will before us, the first of the devises to charitable uses is as follows: -

"Tenth. I hereby give, devise, and bequeath to the Trustees of the Independent Presbyterian Church of the City of Savannah all that full lot of land in the City of Savannah on the southwest corner of Broughton and Bull Streets, with the buildings and improvements thereon, to have and to'hold the same on the following terms and conditions, and not otherwise, to wit: First. That the Trustees of the said Independent Church shall appropriate annually, out of the rents and profits of said lot and improvements, the sum of one thousand dollars to one or more Presbyterian or Congregational Churches in the State of Georgia, in such destitute and needy localities as the proper officers of said Independent Presbyterian Church may select, so as to promote the cause of religion among the poor and feeble churches of the State. Second. This gift and devise is made on the further condition that neither the trustees nor any other officer of said Independent Presbyterian Church will have or authorize any material alteration or change made in the pulpit or galleries of the present church edifice on the comer of Bull and South Broad Streets, but will permit the same to remain substantially as they are, subject only to proper repairs and improvements; nor shall they sell or alien the lot on which the Sabbath schoolroom of said church now stands, but shall hold the same to be improved in such manner as the trustees or pew-holders may direct. Third. Upon the further condition that the Trustees of said Independent Presbyterian Church will keep in good order, and have thoroughly cleaned up every spring and autumn, my lot in the cemetery of Bonaventure, and that no interment or burial of any person
shall ever take place either in the vault or within the enclosure of said lot; and for the purpose of having the same protected and cared for, I hereby give, devise, and bequeath my said lot in the Bonaventure Cemetery to the Trustees of the Independent Presbyterian Church and their successors?'

JONES V. HABERSHAM.

[Sup. ot.

The act of the legislature of Georgia of the 8th of December, 1806, incorporating the Trustees of the Presbyterian Church of the City of Savannah (whose name, by a subsequent act of the 16th of May, 1821, has been changed to that by which they are called in the will), provides, in sect. 2, that they "and their successors in office shall be invested with all manner of property, real and personal, all moneys due and to grow due, donations, gifts, grants, privileges, and immunities whatsoever, which shall or may belong to said Presbyterian Church at the time of the passing of this act, or which shall or may at any time or times hereafter be granted, given, conveyed, or transferred to them, or their successors in office, to have and to hold the same to the said trustees, and their successors in office, to the, only proper use, benefit, and behoof of the said church forever;" in sect. 4, that "nothing herein contained shall be construed to vest in the said trustees any right or title to any estate or property whatsoever, real or personal, other than such as doth, or may rightfully and lawfully, belong to the said Presbyterian Church, or congregation, hereby made a body corporate;" and in sect. 5, that "it shall not be lawful for said trustees, or their successors in office, at any time or times hereafter, to grant, bargain, sell, alien, or convey any real estate whatsoever, belonging to the said church, to any person or persons, under any pretence or upon any consideration whatsoever, so as to dispose of the fee-simple thereof."
It is objected that this corporation is not empowered under its charter to accept and administer this charity. But it is a novel proposition, as inconsistent with the rules of law as it is with the dictates of religion, that a Christian church or religious society cannot receive and distribute money to poor churches of its own denomination so as to promote the cause of religion in the State in which it is established.
To hold this gift to be too indefinite and uncertain would be to disregard the elementary principles of the law of charitable uses. The appropriation of a certain sum annually to one or more churches of a certain denomination in such destitute and needy localities as the trustees may select, so as to promote the cause of religion among the poor and feeble churches of the State, describes the general nature of the charitable purpose,

Oct. 1882.]

JONES V. HABERSHAMl.

while leaving the selection of the particular objects to the trustees, and is a good charitable use, sufficiently defined. Bartlet v. King, 12 Mass. 537; Going v. Emery, 16 Pick. (Mass.) 107; North Adams Universalist Society v. Fitch, 8 Gray (Mass.), 421.
The other objections to the validity of this devise are equally unavailing. The condition that no material alteration or change, but only proper repairs and improvements, shall be made in the pulpit or galleries of the present church (even if illegal, which we see no reason for supposing), is a condition subsequent, relating to the care and use of the property after the gift shall have vested in the devisee, and cannot therefore affect the original validity of the gift.
The condition that the trustees shall not alienate the land on which the school-room stands is also a condition subsequent, and is in accordance with the fifth section of their charter, and with the general law upon the subject. It will not prevent a court of chancery from permitting, in case of necessity arising from unforeseen change of circumstances, the sale of the land and the application of the proceeds to the purposes of the trust. Tudor on Charitable Trusts (2d ed.) 298; Stanley v. Colt, 5 Wall. 119, 169.
The condition as to the care and keeping of the tomb or burial-place of the testatrix is likewise a condition subsequent, and, even if invalid, would not defeat the charitable gift. Giles v. Boston Fath~erless & Widows' Society, 10 Allen (Mass.), 355. In England there has been a difference of opinion upon the question whether the maintenance and repair of the tomb or monument of the donor is a good charitable use. Down to the time of the American Revolution, as by the civil law, it appears to have been held that it was. 3 Inst. 202; Masters v. illasters, 1 P. Wins. 421, 423, and note; Dz rour v. Motteux, 1 Ves. Sen. 320; Gravenor v. liallum, Ambl. 643; Boyle on Charities, 45-51; Justinian's Institutes, lib. 2, tit. 1, sects. 8, 9 ; Dig. 11, 7, 2, 5; 47, 12, 3, 2. According to the later English cases, it is not. Doe v. .Pitcher, 3 M. & S. 407; Same v. Same, 6 Taunt. 359; s. c. 2 Marsh. 61 ; Willis v. Brown, 2 Jur. 987; Hoare v. Osborne, Law Rep. 1 Eq. 585; Fiske v. Attorney-General, Law Rep. 4 Eq. 521; In re Birkett, 9 Oh. D. 576. See

184

JONES V. HABERSHAMI.

[Sup. Ct.

also Dexter v. Gardner,7 Allen (Mass.), 243, 247. But it is unnecessary to examine and weigh these conflicting authorities, or to determine whether the devise of the burial-place of the testatrix, and the direction to keep it in good order, could be upheld in the absence of local statute, because they are clearly valid- under the Code of Georgia, which enumerates among charitable uses "the improvement or repair of burying-grounds or tombstones." Code of Georgia of 1873, sect. 3157, el. 7.
The eleventh clause of the will contains a devise to the
Union Society of Savannah of a parcel of land in that city, with the buildings and improvements thereon, "but on the express condition that said society shall not sell or alienate said
lot, but shall use and appropriate the rents and profits of the same for the support of the school and charities of said institution, without said lot being at any time liable for the debts or contracts of said society." The Union Society was incorporated by a statute of the 14th of August, 1786, "for the relief of distressed widows and the schooling and maintaining of poor children."
The twelfth clause devises to the Widows' Society of Savannah another parcel of land in that city, "on which the improvements now consist of four brick tenement buildings, the rents and profits of the same to be appropriated to the benevolent purposes of said society, but this devise is made on condition
the said Savannah Widows' Society shall not sell or alienate said lot or improvements, nor hold the same subject to the debts, contracts, or liabilities of said society." The Widows' Society was incorporated, as stated in the title and repeated in the body of its charter granted in 1837, "for the relief of indigent widows and orphans in the City of Savannah."
"The relief of aged, impotent, and poor persons" is within
the very words of the Statute of 43 Eliz. c. 4, sect. 1, and of the Code of Georgia of 1878, sect. 8157; and all educational purposes are within the terms of that code, and within the
scope and principle of the Statute of Elizabeth. Bussell v. Allen, ante, p. 163. The fact that the gift to the Widows' Society is directed "to be appropriated to the benevolent purposes of said society" does not affect its validity, because the charter of the society shows that all its purposes are charitable,

Oct. 1882.]

JONES V. HABERSHAE.

in the legal sense. It is only when a gift might be applied to benevolent purporses which are not charitable in .that sense, that the gift fails. Salton8tall v. Sanders, 11 Allen (Mass.), 446 ; Suter v. HUilliard, 132 Mass. 412; De Camp v. Do36bins, 29 N. J. Eq. 36; Adye v. Smith, 44 Conn. 60; In re Jarman's Estate, 8 Ch. D. 584. The conditions subsequent have no greater effect than the corresponding conditions in the tenth
clause, already considered. The next clause of the will contains a provision applicable to
the tenth, eleventh, and twelfth clauses, and is as follows: -

"Thirteenth. Should either one or more of the corporate bodies or institutions named in the preceding items of my will attempt to sell, alienate, or otherwise dispose of the property and estate therein devised, contrary to the terms and conditions therein set forth, or should there be any levy on the same to satisfy the debts of said corporation, then I hereby direct my executors or legal representatives to repossess and enter upon said property or estate as to which the conditions may be so broken or violated, and in that event I do hereby give and devise the said property so entered upon and repossessed unto the Savannah Female Orphan
Asylum."

There is nothing in this clause by which the heirs at law or next of kin can be benefited, in any possible view. If the conditions against voluntary alienation and levy of execution are invalid, the previous devises stand good. If those conditions are valid, the devise over to the Savannah Female Orphan Asylum, an undoubted charity, will take effect; for as the estate is no more perpetual in two successive charities than in one charity, and as the rule against perpetuities does not apply to charities, it follows that if a gift is made to one charity in the first instance, and then over to another charity upon the happening of a contingency which may or may not take place within the limit of that rule, the limitation over to the second
charity is good. Christ's flospital v. Grainger, 16 Sim. 83,
100; 1 Macn. & Gord. 460; 1 Hall & Twells, 533; JlcDonogh v. Murdoch, 15 How. 367, 412, 415; Russell v. Allen, ante, p. 163.
The fourteenth clause of the will contains a devise and be-

JONES V. HABERSHAX.

[Sup. C .

quest to the Georgia Historical Society to establish a public library and museum, and is as follows --

"Fourteenth. I hereby give, devise, and bequeath to the Georgia Historical Society and its successors all that lot or parcel of land,
with the buildings and improvements thereon, fronting on St. James Square, in the City of Savannah, and running back to Jefferson Street, known in the plan of said city as lot letter N, Heathcote Ward, the same having been for many years past the residence of my family, together with all my books, papers, documents, pictures, statuary, and works of art, or having relation to art or science, and all the furniture of every description in the dwelling-house and on the premises (except bedding and table service, such as china, crockery, glass, cutlery, silver, plate, and linen), and all fixtures and attachments to the same; to have and to hold the said lot and improvements, books, pictures, statuary, furniture, and fixtures to the said Georgia Historical Society and its successors, in special trust, to keep and preserve the same as a public edifice for a library and academy of arts and sciences, in which the books, pictures, and
works of art herein bequeathed, and such others as may be purchased out of the income, rents, and profits of the bequest hereinafter made for that purpose, shall be permanently kept and cared for, to be open for the use of the public on such terms and under such reasonable regulations as the said Georgia Historical Society may from time to time prescribe; but this devise and bequest is made upon condition that the Georgia Historical Society shall cause to be placed and kept, over and against the front porch or entrance of the main building on said lot, a marble slab or tablet, on which shall be cut or engraved the following words, to wit: TELFAIR ACADEMY OF ARTS AND SCIENCES, the word I Telfair' being in larger letters and occupying a separate line above the other words; and on the further condition that no part of the buildings shall ever be occupied as a private residence or rented out for money, and none but a janitor and such other persons as may be employed to manage and take care of the premises shall occupy or reside in or upon the same, and that no part of the same shall be used for public meetings or exhibitions, or for eating, drinking, or smoking, and that no part of the lot or improvements shall ever be sold, alienated, or encumbered, but the same shall be preserved for the purposes herein set forth. And it is*my wish that whenever the walls of the building shall require renovating by paint or otherwise, the present color and design shall be adhered to as far as

Oct;. 1882.]

OONEs v. HABERSHAM.

practicable. For the purpose of providing more effectually for the accomplishments of the objects contemplated in this item or clause of my will, I hereby give, devise, and bequeath to the Georgia Historical Society and its successors one thousand shares of the capital stock of the Augusta and Savannah Railroad of the State of Georgia, in special trust, to apply the dividends, income, rents, and profits arising from the same, to the repairs and maintenance of said buildings and premises, and the payment of all expenses attendant upon the management and care of the institution herein provided for, and then to apply the remaining income, rents, and profits in adding to the library, and such works of art and science as the proper officers of the Georgia Historical Society may select, and in the preservation and proper use of the same, so as to carry into effect in good faith the objects of this devise and bequest."

The Georgia Historical Society was incorporated by a statute of the 19th of December, 1839, the preamble of which recites that "the members of a society instituted in the City of Savannah for the purpose of collecting, preserving, and diffusing information relating to the history of the State of Georgia in particular, and of American history generally, have applied for an act of incorporation." The first section makes them a corporation with the usual powers, and especially "to purchase, take, receive, hold, and enjoy, to them and their successors, any goods and chattels, lands and tenements, and to sell, lease, or otherwise dispose of the same, or any part thereof, at their will and pleasure: Provided, that the clear annual income of such real and personal estate shall not exceed the sum of five thousand dollars: And provided, also, that the funds of the said corporation shall be used and appropriated to the purposes stated in the preamble of this act, and those only." And the fourth section declares that the act of incorporation shall be a public act, "and shall be construed benignly and favorably for every beneficial purpose therein intended."
It is stated in the bill, and admitted by the demurrer, that the net income of the Georgia Historical Society from property held by it at the time of the death of the testatrix was between $3,000 and $4,000, and that the income of the property now bequeathed to it will add $7,000 to that income. It is argued for the appellants that because the effect

JONES v. HABERSHA.[

[Sup.. Ct.

of the gift will be to increase the property of the corporation to double the amount which the corporation is allowed by the proviso in the first section of its charter to hold, the whole
gift is void. But there are two conclusive answers to this argument: 1st.
Restrictions imposed by the charter of a corporation upon the amount of property that it may hold cannot be taken advantage of collaterally by private persons, but only in a direct proceeding by the State which created it. Runyan v. Coster, 14 Pet. 122, 131; Smith v. Sheeley, 12 Wall. 358, 361; Bogardus v. Trinity Church, 4 Sandf. (N. Y. ) Ch.633, 758; De Camp v. Dobbins, 29 N. J. Eq. 36 ; Davis v. Old Colony Railroad Co.,
131 Mass. 258, 273. 2d. By an act of amendment of the 28th of October, 1870,
the provisos in the first section of the original charter are repealed. It is contended that the act of 1870 is unconstitutional and void, as being a grant by the legislature of corporate powers and privileges, in contravention of this provision in the Constitution of the State: "The General Assembly shall have no power to grant corporate powers and privileges to private companies, except to banking, insurance, railroad, canal, navigation, mining, express, lumber, manufacturing, and telegraph companies; nor to make or change election precincts; nor to establish bridges or ferries; nor to change names or legitimate children; but it shall prescribe by law the manner in which such powers shall be exercised by the courts." Constitution of Georgia of 1868, art. 3, sect. 6,  5; Code of 1873, sect. 5068. But the words " corporate powers and privileges," as here used, signify the corporate franchise, the aggregate powers and privileges which constitute a corporation, not every separate power and privilege which may be conferred upon a corporate body. The object is to take away from the legislature, and to vest in the courts, under its direction, for the future, the creation of private corporations for literary, religious, charitable, or other purposes, except those specially excepted; but not to prevent the legislature from amending the charters of corporations already existing, and modifying or enlarging their powers, either by repealing former restrictions or otherwise. The act of 1870 is therefore constitutional and valid.

Oct. 1882.]

JONES V. HABERSHAM.

That a devise and bequest "to keep and preserve as a public edifice" a house containing a library and an academy or museum of works of art and science, "to be open for the use of the public" on such terms and under such reasonable regalations as the trustees may from time to time prescribe, is a valid charity, cannot be doubted. British Museum v. White, 2 Sim. & Stu. 594; -Druryv. Natick, 10 Allen (Mass.), 169; .Donohugh's Appeal, 86 Pa. St. 306. The directions tending to perpetuate the memory of the founder do not impair its public character or its legal validity. In the cases of Thomson v. Shakespeare, H. R. V. Johns. 612, and 1 D., F. & J. 399, and of Carne v. Long, 2 id. 75, on which the appellants rely, the gifts failed because not exclusively devoted to a public charitable use, the definition in the one case including purposes that might not be charitable, and the bequest in the other being to a private library established for the benefit of the subscribers alone. See Beaumont v. Oliveira, Law Rep. 4 Ch. 309, 314, 315.
A corporation may hold and execute a trust for charitable objects in accord with or tending to promote the purposes of its creation, although such as it might not, by its charter or by general laws, have authority itself to establish or to spend its corporate funds for. A city, for instance, may take a devise in trust to maintain a college, an orphan school, or an asylum. Vidal v. Girard,2 How. 127; ieJonogh v. MJiurdoch, 15 id. 367; Perrn v. Carey, 24 id. 465. There is some ground for holding that the objects of a historical society would be promoted by administering a devise and bequest to maintain for the public instruction and benefit a house containing a collection of books, documents, and works of art, with other such books and works to be selected by the officers of the society and purchased out of the surplus income; and that the purposes of the trust are, in the words of Mr. Justice Story in FzdaZ v. Girard,2 id. 189, "germane to the objects of the incorporation," and "relate to matters which will promote, and aid, and perfect those objects."
But if any doubt remains of the capacity of the Georgia Historical Society to assume and execute those charitable trusts, it would be within the ordinary jurisdiction of a court

JONES V. HABERSHAM.

[Sup. Ct.

of equity to appoint other trustees in its stead, according to the
maxim, expressly affirmed in the Code of Georgia, that a trust shall never fail for the want of a trustee. Reeve v. Attorney-
General, 3 Hare, 191; Winslow v. Cummings, 3 Cush. (Mass.)
858; Code of Georgia of 1873, sect. 3195. The residuary clause of the will disposes of real and per-
sonal estate to the amount of $300,000, and is as follows: -
" Twenty-first. All the residue of my estate, of whatever the same may consist, real, personal, and mixed, and wherever situated, I hereby give, devise, and bequeath to my executors hereinafter named, and to the survivor of them, and to the successors in this trust of said survivor, in trust, to use and appropriate the proceeds arising from the same to the building and erection and endowment of a hospital for females within the City of Savannah, on a permanent basis, into which sick and indigent females are to be admitted and cared for in such manner and on such terms as may be defined and prescribed by the trustees or directresses provided for in this item or clause in my will. The income, rents, and profits of such portion of the residuum of my estate as may not be expended in the building, erection, and furnishing said hospital shall be annually appropriated to the support and maintenance of the same. My desire and request is that a thoroughly convenient hospital, of moderate dimensions, suited to the wants of the City of Savannah, and capable of enlargement if necessity should require, may be built and erected, with no unnecessary display connected with it. .And I do hereby nominate, as the first trustees, managers, or directresses of said hospital, Mrs. Louisa F. Gilmer, Sarah Owens, Mary Elliott (formerly Habersham), Susan Mann, Florence Bourquin, Eva West, and Eliza Chisolm, all of Savannah, Georgia, and do request and instruct my executors to advise and consult with the ladies named as to the construction, arrangement, and furnishing of said hospital. It is further my wish and desire, and I do hereby request, that a suitable and proper act of incorporation for said hospital shall be obtained from such tribunal in the State of Georgia as may have jurisdiction in the premises, to be called and known as the ' Telfair Hospital for Females,' with the ladies above named, or such of them as may consent to serve, and such others as they may apply for to be associated with them, as the first trustees, managers, or directresses under said act of incorporation, with power to fill any vacancies that occur in their number. And for the purpose of accomplishing the objects contemplated in this item or clause of my

Ot. 1882.]

JONES V. HABERSHAM.

will, I do hereby authorize and empower my executors, or the survivor of them, to sell and convey all or any portion of the real estate, or any interest in the same, which I may have or be entitled to, and not given or devised in any of the previous items or clauses of this my will, using their discretion as to private or public sales, and as to whether and at what time such sales shall be made2'

That this devise and bequest to establish a hospital for sick

and indigent females in the City of Savannah is sufficiently

definite, and that its validity is not impaired by the provision

of the will requiring an act of incorporation to be obtained,

are clearly settled by the cases of Inglis v. Sailor's Snug

Harbor, 3 Pet. 99; Ould v. Washington Hospital, 95 U. S.

303; and Russell v. Allen, ante, p. 163.

The bequest, in the twenty-third clause of the will, of

$1,000 "to the first Christian church erected or to be erected

in the village of Telfairville in Burke County, or to such per-

sons as may become trustees of the same," is supported by the

same authorities, and is directly within the decisions of Lord

Thurlow in Attorney- General v. Bishop of Chester, 1 Bro. Ch.

444, of Sir John Copley, Master of the Rolls (afterwards Lord

Lyndhurst), in Society for the Propagation of the Gospel v.

Attorney-General,3 Russ. 142, and of Lord Hatherley in Sinnett

v. Herbert, Law Rep. 7 Ch. 232. See also Cumming v. Reid

MAfemorial Church, 64 Ga. 105.

The result is that all the devises and bequests contained in

Miss Telfair's will are valid as against her heirs at law and

next of kin.

Decree affirmed.

Oct. 1882.]

RUSSELL v. ALLEN.

frequently announced, that the jury may be controlled in their determination of a question by a peremptory instruction, if the testimony is of such a conclusive character as would compel the court, in the exercise of a sound legal discretion, to set aside a verdict if one were returned in opposition to such testimony. Hendrick v. Lindsay, 93 U. S. 143-; Phzenix Insurance Co. v. Doster, 106 id. 30.
All other questions raised by the assignments of error, and which are deemed of any moment, are concluded by the decision in the Ramsdell case.
Judgment affirmed.

RUSSELL v. ALLEN."
William Russell, of St. Louis, "for the purpose of founding an institution for the tducation of youth in St. Louis County, Missouri," granted lands and personal property in Arkansas to John S. Romer and his successors, in trust "for the use and benefit of the Russell Institute of St. Louis, Missouri," with directions to the grantee to sell them, and to account for and pay over the proceeds "to Thomas Allen, President of the Board of Trustees of the said Russell Institute at St. Louis, Missouri," whose receipt should be a full discharge to the grantee. Hdd,that this was a charitable gift, valid against the donor's heirs and next of kin, although the institution was neither established nor incorporated in the lifetime of the donor or of Allen.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Missouri.
The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
31r. William Brown for the appellant. Mr. Chester H. Krum and Mr. William B. -Donaldson for the appellee.
M . JUSTICE. GRAY delivered the opinion of the court. This is a bill in equity, filed on the 16th of April, 1878, by two of the heirs at law and next of kin of William Russell, of St. Louis, against Thomas Allen, to establish a trust in favor of Russell's heirs at law and .next of kin, and for an account. The bill alleges that on the 19th of July, 1855, William Russell and John S. Homer executed four indentures of trust,

RUSSELL v. ALLEN.

[Sup. Ot.

by each of which Russell, in consideration of one dollar paid, "and for divers other good and valuable considerations, but
chiefly for the purpose of founding an ingtitution for the educa-
tion of youth in St. Louis County, Missouri," granted and
conveyed to Homer, his executors and administrators or succes-
sors, in trust forever, certain lands and personal property in the State of Arkansas, to have and to hold the same unto him, his executors, administrators, and successors, in trust " to and for
the following uses and purposes, to wit, the said property is
conveyed for the use and benefit of the Russell Institute of St.
Louis, Missouri;" and empowered and directed him and them to sell the same as soon as conveniently might be, and to ac-
count for and pay over the proceeds yearly or oftener, deducting the reasonable expenses of executing the trust, "to Thomas
Allen, President of the Board of Trustees of the said Russell Institute at St. Louis, Missouri, and his receipt therefor shall be a full discharge of the said party of the second pqrt for the amount so paid and the application thereof;" and Horner's trust to be brought to a close and the net proceeds paid over as soon as conveniently might be, and if not concluded within ten
years, the property remaining undisposed of to be sold by pub-
lic auction and the proceeds paid over as before required. In
each of the fou indentures reference was made to the three others, and it was " declared that all of said conveyances, including this, are made to one and the same person for one and the same use and purpose, and that the same are and are to be deemed and taken and accounted for as one trust, according to the conditions of the deeds respectively, it having been intended by said deeds and this present one to convey all of the remaining property of the said William Russell in the said State of Arkansas to the said party of the second part, to and for the use and benefit of the said Russell Institute of St. Louis, Missouri." After this clause, in one of the indentures, were added the words, "represented by their president as aforesaid." Each indenture contained a covenant by Homer "faithfully to
perform the trust hereby.created." The bill further alleges that Homer, in the execution of his
trust, has converted a large portion of the property into money, has paid over to Allen the sum of about $50,000, and has con-

Oct. 1882.]

RUSSELL V. ALLEN.

veyed and transferred to Allen the property remaining unsold, and that Allen holds and controls the whole fund, and has never applied to any court for aid in the disposition and application thereof, and has in no way used or recognized the fund as held by him in trust for the uses declared by Russell.
The bill further alleges that there was not at the time of the execution of the indentures aforesaid, nor before or since, any such educational institution as was referred to therein ; that at the time of such execution Russell was from paralysis infirm in body and weak in mind, and that, while he then manifestly proposed to found such an institution, yet in his increasing incapacity of body and mind during the short period that intervened between that time and his death he failed to accomplish his philanthropic purpose; that he died in 1856, without ever having founded such an institution, or delegated to Horner or to Allen, or to any other person or corporation, authority to organize a Russell Institute, and that no such authority has hitherto been exercised or claimed by any person or corporation, and there is and has been no donee capable of receiving, holding, and administering the trust fund created by the indentures ; that the beneficiaries of the trust, so far as can be determined by the terms of the indentures, are uncertain and indefinite, and the trust is invalid, and, there being no debts outstanding against Russell's estate, the trust fund belongs to his next of kin.
To this bill Allen filed a general demurrer, which was sustained and the bill dismissed. 5 Dill. 235. The plaintiffs appealed to this court. Pending the appeal, Allen has died, and his executors have been made parties in his stead.
The deeds of gift state that they are made " chiefly for the purpose of founding an institution for the education of youth in St. Louis County, Missouri;" they convey the property to Homer and his successors in trust "for the use and benefit of the Russell Institute of St. Louis, Missouri ;" they direct him to sell the property and account for and pay over the proceeds "to Thomas Allen, President of the Board of Trustees of the said Russell Institute of St. Louis, Missouri," whose receipt shall be a full discharge of Homer; nd they end by declaring that all these conveyances shall be deemed, taken, and accounted

RUSSELL v. ALLEN.

[Sup. Ct.

for as one trust, and that it is the intention of the donor to convey the property included in all of them "to and for the benefit of the said Russell Institute of St. Louis, Missouri," to which one of the deeds adds, "represented by their president as
aforesaid." The donor thus clearly manifests his purpose to found an
institution for the education of youth in St. Louis, to be called by his name; and he executes this purpose by conveying the property to Horner in trust, to hold and convert into money and pay that money to the officers of the institute when incorporated and a board of trustees appointed. The direction to pay the money to Allen, as president of the board of trustees, and the mention, at the close of one of the deeds, of the institute as represented by its president as aforesaid, clearly show that the fund is not to be paid to Allen individually; and while they imply the donor's wish that Allen should be the first president of the board of trustees of the institute, they do not make his appointment to and acceptance of that office a condition of the validity of the gift or of the carrying out of the donor's charitable purpose. The terms of the deeds clearly show that the donor did not contemplate or intend doing any further act to perfect his gift. It is not pretended that the allegations in the bill as fr his weakness of body and mind amount to an allegation of insanity, and they are irrelevant and immaterial.
The principal grounds upon which the plaintiffs seek to maintain their bill are that the deeds create a perpetuity; that the uses declared are not charitable; and that, if the uses are charitable, there are no ascertained beneficiaries and no donee capable of assuming and administering the trust, and the uses are too indefinite to be specifically executed by a court of chancery. But these positions, as applied to the facts of the case, are inconsistent with the fundamental principles of the law of charitable uses, as established by the decisions of this and other courts exercising the ordinary jurisdiction in equity.
By the law of England from before the Statute of 43 Eliz. c. 4, and by the law of this country at the present day (except in those States in which it has been restricted by statute or

Oct. 1882.]

RUSSELL V. ALLEN.

judicial decision, as in Virginia, Maryland, and more recently in New York), trusts for public charitable purposes are upheld under circumstances under which private trusts would fail. Being for objects of permanent interest and benefit to the public, they may be perpetual in their duration, and are not within the rule against perpetuities; and the instruments creating them should be so construed as to give them effect if possible, and to carry out the general intention of the donor, when clearly manifested, even if the particular form or manner pointed out by him cannot be followed. They may, and indeed must, be for the benefit of an indefinite number of persons; for if all the beneficiaries are personally designated, the trust lacks the essential element of indefiniteness, which is one characteristic of a legal charity. If the founder describes the general nature of the charitable trust, he may leave the details of its administration to be settled by trustees under the superintendence of a court of chancery; and an omission to name trustees, or the death or declination of the trustees named, will not defeat the trust, but the court will appoint new trustees in their stead.
The previous adjudications of this court upon the subject of charitable uses go far towards determining the question presented in this case. As the extent and effect of these adjudications have hardly been appreciated, it will be convenient to state the substance of them.
The case of Baptist Association v. Hart, 4 Wheat. 1, in which a bequest by a citizen of Virginia "to the" Baptist Association that for ordinary meets at Philadelphia annually," as "a perpetual fund for the education of youths of the Baptist denomination who shall appear promising for the ministry," was declared void, was decided upon an imperfect survey of the early English authorities, and upon the theory that the English law of charitable uses, which, it was admitted, would sustain the bequest, had its origin in the Statute of Elizabeth, which had been repealed in Virginia. That theory has since, upon a more thorough examination of the precedents, been clearly shown to be erroneous. 7idal v. Girard,2 How. 127; Perin v. Carey, 24 id. 465; Ould v. Washington Hospital, 95 U. S. 803. And the only cases in which this court has followed the

RUSSELL v. ALLEN.

[Sup. Ot.

decision in Baptist Association v. Hart have, like it, arisen in
the State of Virginia, by the decisions of whose highest court charities, except in certain cases specified by statute, are not upheld to any greater extent than other trusts. Wheeler v. Smith, 9 How. 55; Zain v. Gibboney, 101 U. S. 362.
In Beatty v. Kurtz, 2 Pet. 566, the owners of a tract of land (afterwards part of Georgetown) laid it out as a town, and made and recorded a plan of it, marking one lot as "for the Lutheran Church;" and the Lutherans of the town, a voluntary society not incorporated, erected and used a building upon this lot as a church for public worship, and fenced in and used the land as a church-yard, for the burial of others as well as of Lutherans, for fifty years. Upon these facts, it was held that the Bill of Rights of Maryland, affirming the validity of any sale, gift, lease, or devise of land, not exceeding two acres, for a church and burying ground, recognized, to this extent at least, the doctrine, of charitable uses, under which no specific grantee. or trustee was necessary; that this land had been dedicated to a charitable and pious use, beneficial to the inhabitants generally, which might at all times have been enforced through the intervention of the government as parens patrixe, by its Attorney-General or other law officer; and that a committee of the society might maintain a bill in equity to restrain by injunction the heirs of the original owners from disturbing that use.
In Inglis v. Sailor's Snug Harbor,3 Pet. 99, a citizen of New York devised land to the chancellor of the State, the mayor of the city, and others, designating them all by their official' titles only, and to their respective successors, in trust out of the rents and profits to build a hospital for aged, decrepit, and worn-out sailors, as soon as the trustees should judge that the proceeds would support fifty such sailors, and to maintain the hospital and support sailors therein forever; and further declared it to be his will and intention, that if this could not be legally done without an act of incorporation, the trustees should apply to the legislature for such an act, and that the property should at all events be forever appropriated to the above uses and purposes. An act incorporating the trustees was passed, and the hospital was established. A majority of the court held

Oct. 1882.]

RUSSELL v. ALLEN.

that the trustees took personally and not in their official capacities, and that upon their incorporation the legal title vested by way of executory devise in the corporation as against the heirs at law; and the dissenting judges differed only as to the legal title, and not as to the validity of the charitable trust.
In AtcDonogh v. IM'doeh, 15 How. 367, a citizen of Louisiana, declaring his chief object to be the education of the poor of the cities of New Orleans and Baltimore, made a devise and bequest to the two cities, one half to each, the income to be applied by boards of managers, who should be appointed by either city, but whose powers and duties he defined, and who should obtain acts of incorporation, if necessary, for the education of the poor and other charitable purposes, in various ways specified. And in case the two cities should combine together and knowingly and wilfully violate the conditions, then he gave the whole property to the States of Louisiana and Maryland, in equal halves, "for the purpose of educating the poor of said States under such a general system of education as their respective legislatures shall establish by law." The court held that the devise to the cities was valid, and that the testator's direclions as to the management of the income "must be regarded as subsidiary to the general objects of his will, and whether legal and practicable, or otherwise, can exert no influence over the question of its validity;" and expressed the opinion that the failure of the devise to the cities would not have benefited the heirs at law, for in that event the limitation over to the States of Louisiana and Maryland would have been operative. 15 How. 404, 415.
In Pontain v. Bavenel, 17 id. 369, a testator, residing at the time of his death in Pennsylvania, appointed his wife and three others to be executors of his will, and authorized his executors or the survivor of them, after the death of his wife, to dispose of the residue of his estate "for the use of such charitable institutions in Pennsylvania or South Carolina as they or he may deem most beneficial to mankind, and so that part of the colored population in each of the said States of Pennsylvania and South Carolina shall partake of the benefits thereof." In that case, the testator had not himself defined the nature of the charitable uses, nor authorized any one but his executors to

170

RUSSELL V. ALLEN.

[Sup. Ct.

designate them; and the point decided wag that, they having all died without doing so, the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Pennsylvania could not sustain a bill to establish them, filed by charitable institutions in Pennsylvania and South Carolina in the name of the administrator de bonis non and next of kin of the testator. The question there was, whether the authority of a court of chancery, under such circumstances, belonged to its ordinary jurisdiction over trusts, or to its prerogative power under the sign manual of the crown, which last has never been introduced into this country. See Boyle on Charities, 238, 239; Jackson v. Phillips,14 Allen (Mass.), 539, 576, 588. N6 question of the validity of the gift as against the next of kin was presented; and even Chief Justice Taney, who, differing from the rest of the court, alone asserted that "if the object to be benefited is so indefinite and so vaguely described that the bequest could not be supported in the case of an ordinary trust, it cannot be established in a court of the United States upon the ground that it is a charity," distinctly admitted that a suit by an heir or representative of the testator to recover property or money bequeathed to a charity could not be maintained in a court of the United States if the bequest was valid by the law of the State. 17 How. 395, 396. Accordingly, in Lorings v. I3larsh, 6 Wall. 337, the court dismissed a bill by the next of kin to set aside a bequest by a citizen of Massachusetts "in trust for the benefit of the poor," by means of such incorporated charitable institutions as should be designated by three persons appointed by the trustees or their successors; such a bequest being valid under the law of Massachusetts as habitually administered in her courts.
In United States v. Fox, 94 U. S. 315, this court, affirming the judgment of the Court of Appeals of New York in 52 N. Y. 530, held a devise of land in New York to the United States, for the purpose of assisting to discharge the debt contracted by the war for the suppression of the Rebellion, to be invalid, solely because by the law of New York, as declared by recent decisions of the Court of Appeals, none but a natural person, or a corporation created by that State with authority to take by aevise, could be a devisee of land in that State. Where not prohibited by statute, a devise or bequest for such

Oct. 1882.]

RUSSELL V. ALLEN.

a purpose is a good charitable gift. Nightingalev. Goulburn, 5 Hare, 484, and 2 Phillips, 594; Dickson v. United States, 125 Mass. 311.
In Ould v. Washington Hlospital, 95 U. S. 303, a citizen of Washington devised land in the District of Columbia to two persons named, in trust to hold it "as and for a site for the erection of a hospital for foundlings," to be built by a corporation to be established by act of Congress and approved by the trustees or their successors, and, upon such incorporation, to convey the land to the corporation in fee. It was contended for the heirs at law that the devise was void, because it was to a corporation to be established in the future, and might not take effect within the rule against perpetuities, and because of the uncertainty of the beneficiaries; and reference was made to the Maryland Statute of Wills of 1798, still in force in the District of Columbia, providing that no will should "be effectual to create any interest or perpetuity, or make any limitation, or appoint any uses, not now permitted by the Constitution or laws of the State," and to a series of decisions in Maryland, holding that the Statute of Elizabeth was not in force in that State, and that charitable uses were there governed by the same rules as private trusts. But those decisions having been made since the separation of the District of Columbia from the State of Maryland, the court held that the case must be determined upon general principles of jurisprudence, and that the devise was valid.
The objection to the validity of the gift before us, as tending to create a perpetuity, is fully met by the cases of Inglis v. Sailor's Snug Harbor, 1te Donogh v. iHiurdoch, and Ould v. Wadshngton Hospital,above cited, which clearly show that a gift in trust for a charity not existing at the date of the gift, and the beginning of whose existence is uncertain, or which is to take effect upon a contingency that may possibly not happen within a life or lives in being and twenty-one years afterwards, is valid, provided there is no gift of the property meanwhile to or for the benefit of any private corporation or person. Those cases are in accord with English decisions of the highest authority, of which it is sufficient to refer to the leading case of Downing College, reported under the name of Attorney-Gen-

RUSSELL V. ALLEN.

[Sup. Ct.

eral v. Downing in Wilmot, 1 Dick. 414, and Ambler, 550, 571, and under the name of Attorney-General v. Bowyer in 3 Ves. 714, 5 id. 300, and 8 id. 256, and to the recent case of Chamberlayne v. Brockett, Law Rep. 8 Ch. 206. See also Sanderson v. White, 18 Pick. (Mass.) 328, 336; Odell v. Odell,
10 Allen (Mass.), 1. That the gift is for a charitable use cannot be doubted. All
gifts for the promotion of education are charitable, in the legal sense. The Smithsonian Institution owes its existence to a bequest of James Smithson, an Englishman, "to the United States of America, to found at Washington, under the name of the Smithsonian Institution, an establishment for the increase and diffusion of knowledge among men." See Acts of Congress of 1st July, 1836, c. 252; 10th August, 1846, c. 178. This was held by Lord Langdale, Master of the Rolls, in United States v. Drummond, decided in 1838, to be a good charitable bequest. The decition on this point is not contained in the regular reports, but appears by the letters of Mr. Rush, then Minister to England (printed in the Documents relating to the Origin and History of the Smithsonian Institution, published by the Institution in 1879), to have been made after full- argument in behalf of the United States by Mr. Pemberton (afterwards Mr. Pemberton Leigh and Lord Kingsdown), and on deliberate consideration by the Master of the Rolls. History of Smithsonian Institution, 15, 19, 20, 56, 58, 62. And it was cited as authoritative in Whicker v. tume, 7 H. L. Cas. 124, 141, 155, in which the House of Lords held that a bequest in trust to be applied, in the discretion of the trustees, "for the benefit and advancement and propagation of education and learning in every part of the world, as far as circumstances will permit," was a valid charitable bequest and not void for uncertainty.
"Schools of learning, free schools, and scholars in universities," are among the charities enumerated in the Statute of Elizabeth; and no trusts have been more constantly and uniformly upheld as charitable than those for the establishment o: support of schools and colleges. Perry on Trusts, sect. 700. That the gift "for the purpose of founding an institution for the education of youth in St. Louis County, Missouri," to be

Oct. 188-2.]

RUSSELL v. ALLEN.

managed by a board of trustees, is sufficiently definite, is

shown by the decisions of this court in Perin v. (Yarey, and

Ould v. Washington Hlospital, above cited, as well as by that

of the House of Lords in Dundee Magistrates v. Morris,

3 Macq. 134.

The law of Missouri, as declared by the Supreme Court of

that State, sustains the validity of this gift. In Ohambers v.

St. Louis, 29 Mo. 543, a devise and bequest to the city of St.

Louis, in trust " to be and constitute a fund to furnish relief to

all poor emigrants and travellers coming to St. Louis on their

way bona fide to settle in the West," which was objected to

for indefiniteness in the object, as well as for want of capacity

in the trustee to take, was held to be valid. And in Schmidt

v. Hess, 60 id. 591, a grant of a parcel of land to the Lutheran

Church for a burial ground was held to be a valid charitable

gift, which equity would execute by compelling a conveyance

to the trustees of a church proved to be the church intended

by the testator, although it was not incorporated at the time of

the gift. We have been referred to nothing having any ten-

dency to show that the law of Arkansas, in which the lands

granted lie, is different.

The money paid and the lands conveyed by Horner to Allen

stand charged in the hands of Allen and his executors with the

same charitable trust to which they were subject in the hands

of Horner.

Steps to organize such an institution as is described in the

deeds may be taken either by the Attorney-General or other

public officer of the State, or by individuals. Whenever an

institute for the education of youth in St. Louis shall have

been incorporated and shall claim the property, it will then be

a matter for judicial determination in the proper tribunal

whether it meets the requirements of the gift. The only ques-

tion now presented is of the validity of the gift as against the

donor's heirs at law and next of kin.

Decree affirmed.

BASKET v. HASSELL.
Statement of Facts.
either. And yet the complainants assert the right to foreclose them both-a claim that is self-contradictory, for, by the very nature of the arrangement, it is impossible that there should be a default as to both. The fact that one mortgagor had failed to perform his part of the agreement could only be on the supposition that the other had not only fully performed it on his part, but had paid that excess against which his co-surety had agreed to indemnify him. There is, therefore, no right to the subrogation insisted on, because there is nothing to which it can apply.
It results, therefore, that the complainants were not entitled to participate in the benefit of the mortgages in question, nor to share in the proceeds of the sale of the mortgaged premises; but that the same should have been applied to the payment of the other judgment and mortgage liens upon the premises, in the order of their priority. The decree of -may29th, 1879, therefore, being the one from which the appeal was taken, is reversed, and the cause remanded with directions to take such further proceedings therein, not inconsistent with this opinion, as justice and equity require.
-Decreereversed.
BASKET v. HASSELL.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE uwrrrxi STATES FoR THE DISTRICT OF INDIANA.
Decided April 16th, 1883.
Probate-Statutes-Will.
The attempted transfer of a certificate of deposit on the donor's death-bed, reported in .Basketv. Hassell, 107 U. S. 602, cannot be enforced here as a will of personalty, oecause such will does not take effect under the statutes of Tennessee until probate.
Motion for a rehearing. The case was decided at October term, 1882, and is reported 107 U. S. 602.

OCTOBER TERM, 1882.
Argument for Appellant.
.Xr.P. Pkillps and -Yr. T. Hallett Phillipsfor the appellant and petitioner.-We ask rehearing on a single point involved in the opinion of the court, viz., when the court say: "As the gift was to take effect only upon the death of the donor, it was not a present executed donatio causa mortis, but a testamentary disposition, void for want of compliance with the statute of wills." The gift was executed in the State of Tennessee. In Tennessee there is no statutory provision governing such a testamentary disposition-the principles of the common law being there in force. Rev. Stat. Tenn. 1871,
 2162, n; Suggett v. .ithell, 6 Yerger, 425. "The English
law (says Kent) is very loose as to the nature of the instrument disposing of personal property; and marriage articles, promissory notes, assignments of bonds, letters, &c., &c., although not intended as wills, yet if they cannot operate in one way, may be admitted to probate as wills of personal property-provided the intention of the deceased be clear that the instrument should operate after his death," 4 Kent, 518. This is recognized to be the law of Tennessee in the case of .3 cEean v. ) cEean, citing the declaration of Lord Hardwicke: "There is nothing which requires so little solemnity as a will of personal estate, for there is scarcely any paper writing which the courts will not enforce as such." 6 Hlumph. 452; TFatkins v. Dean, 10 Yerg. 321. "It is not to be doubted that a will of personal estate, if written in the testator's own hand, though it has neither his name or seal to it, nor witnessespresent at itspublication, is effectual, provided the handwriting can be sufficiently proved." 1 Roberts on Wills (1 Am. Ed.), p. 148; 2 Black. Com. 501, cited in Sutggett v. _Zitchell, 6 Yerg., at p. 428. When, therefore, it is said that this disposition was void for want of compliance with the " statute of wills," it is evident that the court fell into an error. If we have shown that there was here a good testamentary disposition, then the decree must be reversed. Less than a month after the decease of Chaney, the bill is ified for the delivery to complainant of the certificate. This is resisted by defendant, by showing all the circumstances accompanying its indorsement and delivery. The court held there was neither a donatio causa mortis nor a valid testamentary

ROUNDTREE v. SMITH.
Syllabus.
disposition, and decreed accordingly that the money should be paid over to the complainant, Hassell. The case is the same as it would be if the sole question presented was as to the testamentary disposition. The indorsement was urged by the complainant to constitute a testamentary paper. There was no question as to probate, even if the defendant was under any obligation to produce one. Tarver v. Tarver, 9 Pet. 174. Were this the case'of a complainant seeking relief on a will not probated, it would have been error in the court to have dismissed his bill absolutely. Armstrong v. Lear, 12 Wheat. 169.
:vm. JUSTICE MATT'rHEWS delivered the opinion of the court.
It is urged that the indorsement and delivery of the certificate of deposit, if void as a gift mortis causa, is nevertheless good as a will of personalty under the laws of Tennessee, and, passing the title as such, entitled the appellant to a decree for the payment of the money.
But the conclusion is not justified by the assumption, for a will of personalty in Tennessee does not take effect until probate (Statutes of Tennessee, 1871,  2169; Suggett v. E'itckdl, 6 Yerger, 425); and, until probate and the appointment of an executor or an administrator cum testamento anneo,the title to the fund passes to the administrator appointed previously, as in case of intestacy, to whom the decree in this case awarded it.
Tle petition is therefore denied.
ROUNDTREE v. SMITH & Another.
IN ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF WISCONSIN.
Decided April 16th, 1883.
Evidence.
When the question at issue is whether certain contracts for the sale and purchase of merchandise were gambling, and the defendant who impeaches

OCTOBER TERM, 1882.
Statement of Facts.
of the court did not sit in it and two dissented from the judgment pronounced by the other four.
It follows from the views expressed that the judgment of the court below must be reversed and a new trial had; and
I is so o rdered.
CONNECTICUT MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY v. LUCHS.
IN ERROR TO THE SUPRE E COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUIBIA.
Decided May 7th, 1883.
Fraud--Inurance.
A and B formed a partnership with a capital of $10,000, in which each was to contribute one-half the capital. A furnished B's moiety temporarily, and when after some time B failed to comply with his agreement, A, in May, 1869, applied for a policy on B's life for $5,000. One of the brothers of B had committed suicide. One of the questions asked A by the company was as to the number of brothers of B deceased, and causes of death ; to this A made no answer. B, in the previous February. had applied to the same company for a policy, and in answer to the same question had replied: "Brothers dead, one; cause of death, accident." A policy was issued on A's application, by which the company agreed to insure the life of B for $5,000, and to pay the money "to the assured" within 30 days after notice of the death of B. B died in an insane asylum. Held,
1. That although by the terms of the policy the life of B was insured, the person in whose favor it was assured was A, and that the action on the policy was rightfully brought in his name.
2. That A had an insurable interest in B's life to the extent of the moiety of the capital which B should have contributed to the firm, without respect to the condition of the partnership accounts, unless his estimate of the interest at the time of the application was made in bad faith.
8. That the failure of A to answer the question as to the suicide of B's brother could not necessarily be imputed as a fraud; and that the concealment of the cause of the brother's death in B's application could not be imported into this suit and applied to defeat A's application.
Suit to recover the sum of $5,000 alleged to be assured to the plaintiff below, and defendant in error, Luchs, on the life of one Dillenberg. Pleas: 1st. Non debet; 2d. That the plaintiff had no insurable interest in Dillenberg's life; 3d. That the

CONN\ECTICUT MIUT. LIFE INS. CO. v. LUCHS. 499 Statement of Facts.

policy was procured through fraudulent concealment of ma, terial facts, and by means of false representation. Luchs and Dillenberg entered into a copartnership, in which the capital was to be $10,000. Of this each to contribute one-half. Luchs actually contributed all; and when Dillenberg failed to contribute his half he applied to the defendant's agent in Washington for a policy of $5,000 on Dillenberg's life. Dillenberg had three months previously applied to the same agent for a policy on his own life, and in reply to a question propounded respecting his family had made the following answer:-

Brothers living, one ; ages, Brothers dead, one ; ages,

48; health, good.

23 ; cause of death, accident.

Luchs to the same question replied:

Brothers living, one ; ages, 48 ; health, good.

Brothers dead, ; cause of death,

; age,

On this application a policy was issued, of which the following is the material part:
"This policy of insurance witnesseth, that the Connecticut Mutual Life Insurance Company, in consideration of the declarations and representations made to them in the application for this insurance, and the sum of one hundred and twenty-five dollars and
cents, to them in hand paid by Leopold Luchs, of Washington, D. C., and of the annual premium of one hundred and twenty-five dollars and cents, to be paid on or before the second day of June in every year during'the continuance of this policy, to assure the life of Levi Dillenberg, of Washington, in the county of Washington, District of Columbia, in the amount of five thousand dollars, for the term of the whole continuance of his life.
"And the said company do hereby promise and agree to and with the said assured, his executors, administrators, and assigns, well and truly to pay, or cause to be paid, in the city of Hartford, the said sum insured to the said assured, his executors, administrators, or assigns, within ninety days after due notice and proof of the death of the said Levi Dillenberg, deducting therefrom all indebtedness of the party for loans made by the company on this policy."

OCTOBER TERM, 1882:
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
At the trial the court instructed the jury as follows:
"1. If the jury find from the evidence that in May, 1869, the plaintiff and Levi Dillenberg were in partnership, and that to that partnership the plaintiff contributed all the capital and both contributed their services, and that they shared the profits equally, and that the policy in suit was applied for by the plaintiff under an agreement between him and Levi Dillenberg, whereby the latter undertook to pay the premiums on the same, and that this agreement was made by said Dillenberg, because of an obligation which he agreed he was under to the plaintiff, growing out of the receipt, past or prospective, by Dillenberg of one-half of the partnership profits, and that said policy was taken out by the plaintiff in good faith and not for the purpose of speculating on said Dillenberg's life, then they will render a verdict for the plaintiff on defendant's second plea." "4. Since [in] the application upon which the policy in suit was issued, there is no answer to the questions, ' brothers dead ; age ; cause of death,' it follows that there is no warranty in respect of the information called for by said questions."
The defendants excepted. The jury rendered a verdict for the plaintiff for the full amount. The defendants brought the case here on error.
.M'XE. noch Totten for the plaintiff in error.-I. An action on this policy can be maintained under any circumstances, the most favorable to Luchs, only in the name of the administrator of Dillenberg. lHollis v. -Richardson,13 Gray, 392; Burroughs v. Assurance Company, 97 Mass. 359 ; Gould v. Dierson, 99 Mass. 154; Campbell v. New England Insurance Comyany, 98 Mass. 381 ; Bailey v. Insurance Company, 114 Mass. 177; Exchange Bank v. Rice, 107 M ass. 37.-I1. If this policy was taken out by Luchs on the life of Dillenberg, for the benefit of the former, it was a wager policy, and is void, because at the date of the application he did not have an interest in the life of Ibillenberg to the extent of $10,000 ; he had no insurable interest whatsoever in Dillenberg's life; on the contrary, he was actually indebted to Dillenberg; there is no pretence here that there was any interest held by Luchs, unless it existed by

CONNECTICUT MUT. LIFE INS. CO. v. LUCHS. 501
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
reason of the copartnership business; and the testimony of the plaintiff's own expert witness, corroborated by his own books of accouat, establish the fact beyond controversy that at the date of the application for the insurance the firm was indebted to Dillenberg to the extent of over $4,000. A valid insurance cannot be effected by one man upon the life of another unless there is an indebtedness existing in favor of the person who takes out- the policy, or the equivalent, and the indebtedness must be in proportion to the amount of the insurance. Cammack v. Lewis, 15 Wall. 643. It has been held that the near relationship of father and son does not constitute an insurable inserest in thre son on the father's life, unless the son has a wellfounded or reasonable exTectation of some pecuniary advantage to be derived from the continuance of the life of the father. See also, Guardian Life Insurance Company v. Hogan, 80 Ill. 35 ; MVay on Insurance, see. 107. Cammack v. Lewis, 15 Wall. 643; Insurance Company v. Sturges, 18 Kansas, 93; Stevens v. Warren, 101 Mass. 564; Ruse v. Afutual Benefit 1ife Insurance Company, 23 N. Y. 516; May on Insurance, 398; TFarnockv. -Davis,104 U. S. 715. In Lewis v. .Ph'amiw Lfe Isurance Company, 39 Conn. 100, it was held that the mere relationship of brother, without more, is not sufficient to support a life insurance policy.-III. The court instructed the jury in pursuance of a prayer of plaintiff's counsel that "since in the application upon which the policy in suit is issued, there is no answer to the questions, 'Brothers dead; age; cause of death,' it follows that there is no warranty in respect of the information called for by said questions." The court in this connection denied the prayer of defendant's counsel as to the right of the company to refer to and rely upon the former application to which its attention had been specially invited by the applicant in this case. This was error. For some purpose, inferable only from the extraordinary. circumstances and evidence disclosed in this case, Dillenberg, with the help of Myers, procured a policy on his own life for $5,000 from this company on an application dated only about three months before this application, and written by Myers ; in the first application the same interrogatory about the number

OCTOBER TERM, 1882.
Opinion of the Court.
of brothers dead and the cause of death, is put to Dillenberg, and he answers that one of his brothers is dead and that the cause of his death was "accident." This answer Myers knew to be false at the time he wrote the application. In the last application this question remains unanswered, but the former application is twice referred to in the latter. The defendant proved at the trial that when the examining officer of the coinpany noticed the omission lie referred to the former application, and there found it stated that the cause of death of the brother was "accident;" upon this information the present policy was issued. The officers of the company had a right to presume that the information on this point was truly given in the former application in any case, and especially in view of the fact that they were twice referred to it for information. The reference in this application to the "former application" for information, makes that application a part of this one, and a false answer in that will be as fatal as if in this. .Rawlsv. American .f-utual 1ife ITn&ura2ce Company, 27 N. Y. 282; Bliss on Life Insurance, p. 78, 609,  3941 and  57; Iawkins v. United States, 96 U. S. 689; Clark v. .anufacturers' Insurance Company, 2 W. & M. 472.
Alp. JUSTICE FIELD delivered the opinion of the court. This was an action by Leopold Luchs on a policy of insurance upon the life of Levi IDillenberg, issued by the Connecticut Life Insurance Company in June, 1869. Luchs and Dillenberg were partners at the time in the business of buying and selling tobacco in the city of Washington. Their partnership was formed in October, 1866, each agreeing to contribute his services and one-half of the capital. It was understood that the money of Dillenberg was then invested in mining stocks, and could not at once be obtained. Luchs accordingly furnished the entire capital, which was over $10,000. DIllenberg never contributed his portion, and about two years after the partnership was formed his failure in this respect caused dissatisfaction and complaint. It was thereupon suggested by one Myers, who was employed by an agent of the insurance company, and who had been called in as an accountant to examine the books

CON1ECTICUT MUT. LIFE INS. CO. v. LUCHS. 503
Opinion of the Court.
of the concern, that, as a means of "adjusting the dispute or misunderstanding between, the partners," a policy of insurance should be obtained upon the life of Dillenberg for the benefit of Luchs, and that Dillenberg should retire from the firm within a year afterwards. Nothing, however, was then done upon this suggestion, but in the following year the policy in suit was procured.
1. The first questioh presented is as to the right of Luchs to sue upon it. It is plain from the parol evidence in the case, that it was the intention both of Luchs and Dillenberg that the policy should be procured for the benefit of Luchs.
The declaration, which is the application for the policy, begins with an averment that he, Luchs, is desirous of effecting an insurance upon the life of Dillenberg, and proceeds to state the latter's age, the condition of his health, the character of his habits, and that he, Luchs, has an interest in the life of Dillenberg to the amount of $10,000. The declaration is signed both by Luchs and Dillenberg, though it purports in every line to be the separate application of Luchs. It is accompanied by questions and answers, and to the first question, as to the name and residence of the person for whose benefit the insurance is proposed, the answer is: "Leopold Luohs, Washington, D. C." The answers also are signed both by Luchs and Dillenberg.
The policy was issued and delivered to Dllenberg, and retained by him until after the dissolution of the partnership, when he handed it to Luchs, stating that he gave it to him to show that he intended to do what was right and fair with him, and requested him. to pay the premiums on it, promising to refund the money. The first two premiums were paid by Dillenberg, the others by Luchs.
The difficulty in the question presented arises from the language of the policy. Omitting words not essential on this point, it reads as follows:
"This policy witnesseth that the Connecticut Mutual Life Insurance Company, in consideration of the declarations and representations made to them in the application for this insurance, and the sum of $125 to them in hand paid by -eopold Luchs, .

OCTOBER TERM, 1882. Opinion of the Court.

do assure the life of Levi Dillenberg. . . And the said com-

pany do hereby promise . the said assured .

to pay

said sum insuredto the said assured,his executors, ad-

ministrators, or assigns, within ninety days after due notice and

proof of the death of the said Levi Dillenberg.

"It is hereby declared to be the true intent andmeaning of this

policy, and the same is accepted by the assuredupon the express

conditions that in case the saidperson whose 1ife is hereby insured

shall pass beyond the settled limits or the protection of the gov-

ernment of the United States, . . . this policy shall be null.

It is also understood that if the proposal, answers, and declara-

tion made by the said Leopold Luchs, which are hereby made

part andparcel of this policy as fully as if herein recited, and

upon the faith and warranty of which this agreement is made,

shall be found in any respect untrue, this policy shall be null and

void, or in case the said assured shall not pay the said annual

premiums, . . . this policy shall cease.

"It is further agreed that this policy shall not take effect

until the premium above named shall be actually paid

during the life of the insured."

The contention of the plaintiff is that the words "the assured" in the policy apply to the person for whose benefit the policy was effected, that is, Luchs, and not to the party whose life was insured.
There are undoubtedly instances where this distinction between the terms assuredand insured is observed, though we do not find any judicial consideration of it. The application of either term to the party for whose benefit the insurance is effected, or to the party whose life is insured, has generally depended upon its collocation and context in the policy.
We are of opinion that, reading the policy here in connection with the declaration and the answers of Luchs, which form a part of it, and indicate the object of procuring it, the term assured must be held as applicable to him for whose benefit it was effected.
The policy considered in -Etna Dife Insurance Company v. France,91 U. S. 562, gives some support to this view. There the policy was effected by a brother for a sister's benefit, and

CONNECTICUT ?-fUT. LIFE INS.'CO. v. LUCHS. 505
Opinion of the Court.
the term assured was held to apply to the sister, for she recovered in a suit brought in connection with her husband on the policy. The attention of the court does not appear, however, to have been directed to that term. It may be said, also, that there could be little doubt as to its proper application in that case, as it was followed by the words "and her executors, administrators, or assigns," thus limiting it to the sister. In other respects the language is substantially identical with that of the policy under consideration.
2. The second question presented for our determination is whether Luchs had an insurable interest in the life of Dillenberg. Upon this we have no doubt. Dillenberg was his partner and had not paid his promised proportion of the capital of the concern. At the time the policy was applied for he was still in default, and although it might have turned out that the actual amount due upon a settlement of accounts was less than the promised proportion, it was not a matter definitely ascertained at the time. Besides what was thus due to him, Luchs was interested in having Dillenberg continue in the partnership. He had such an interest, therefore, as took from the policy anything of a wagering character.
As this court said in Warnoc v. -)avis, 10: U. S. 779:
"It is not easy to define with precision what will, in all cases, constitute an insurable interest, so as to take the contract out of the class of wager policies. It may be stated, generally, however, to be such an interest arising from the relations of the party obtaining the insurance, either as creditor of or surety for the assured, or from the ties of blood or marriage to him, as will justify a reasonable expectation of advantage or benefit from the continuance of his life. It is not necessary that the expectation of advantage or benefit should be always capable of pecuniary estimation. . . . But in all cases there must be a reasonable ground, founded upon the relations of the parties to each other, either pecuniary or of blood or affinity, to expect some benefit or advantage from the continuance of the life of the assured."
Certainly Luchs had a pecuniary interest in the life of Dillenberg on two grounds: because he was his creditor and be-

OCTOBER TERM, 1882.
Opinion of the Court.
cause he was his partner. The continuance of the partnership, and, of course, a continuance of Dillenberg's life, furnished a reasonable expectation of advantage to himself. It was in the expectation of such advantage that the partnership was formed, and, of course, for the like expectation, was continued.
In MJorrell v. Trenton Mutual iffe and Fire Insurance Conmpany, 10 Cushing, 282, a policy was taken out by the plaintiff upon the life of his brother, who was about going to California, on an agreement that the latter should pay to him onefourth of his earnings for the following year. In an action on the policy it was contended that the plaintiff had no insurable interest upon the life of the insured, but the court, after deciding that he had such an interest from the fact that he held a promissory note signed by the firm of which the insured was a partner, also said that it was strongly inclined to the opinion that the plaintiff had another interest in the life of the person insured. "He had," said the court, "a subsisting contract with that person, made on a valuable consideration, by which he was to receive one quarter part of his earnings in the mines of California for one year. Such an interest cannot, from its nature, be valued or apportioned. It was an interest upon which the policy attached. By the loss of his life within the
year, the person whose life was insured lost the means of earning anything more, and the plaintiff was deprived of receiving his share of such earnings to an uncertain and indefinite
amount."
In Tenton 3futual Zife and Fire Insurance Company v. Johnson, 4 Zabriskie's Reports, 576, a policy was taken out by the plaintiff on the life of one Van Middlesworth for $1,000, one-half payable to the plaintiff and the other half to Van Middlesworth. They belonged to an association called the INew Brunswick and California Mlining and Trading Company, the capital stock of which consisted of forty-five shares of $600 each. The company consisted partly of shareholding members and partly of active members, the shareholders being each required to furnish a substitute to proceed to the mines of the company. The plaintiff owned one share, advanced $600 of capital and procured Van Middlesworth to go out as his sub-

CONNECTICUT M1UT. LIFE INS. CO. v.LCHS. 007
Opinion of the Court.
stitute, which he did, and acted as his agent and substitute; and the assets of the company having been divided in California he received the plaintiff's share, and afterwards died, not having paid it over. By one of the articles of the association all treasures and all the proceeds of the labor of each member, and all profits, were to go into a general fund for the benefit of the association. To the action brought on the policy it was objected that the plaintiff had no insurable interest in the life of the deceased. On this question the court said:
"In the present case Johnson had a direct interest in the life of his substitute, whose earnings were to constitute a part of the joint funds, of which he was entitled to his share, an interest fully equivalent to the interest of a wife in the life of her husband, of a child in that of a parent, or a sister in that of a brother. And at Van Mliddlesworth's death, although prior to that time the company had been virtually dissolved, he had an interest in him as his creditor to the extent of his share of the assets in his hands."
In Bevin v. The Connecticut lJMutuaZ 1i'fe Isurance Com_vany, 23 Conn. 244, the plaintiff had obtained a policy of insurance for $1,000 on the life of one Barstow, to whom he had advanced $350, besides articles of personal property, to enable him to go to California and there labor for one year, on an agreement that he would account to the plaintiff for one-half of his gains. The court said that Barstow was the plaintiff's debtor and partner, giving to the plaintiff an interest in the continuance of his life, as by that means, through his skill and efforts, the plaintiff might expect not only to get back what he had advanced, but to acquire great gains and profits in the enterprise. "All the books," the court added, "hold this to be a sufficient interest to sustain a policy of insurance. As to the value of this interest, we think it must be held to be what the parties agreed to consider it in the policy. This was the sum asked for by the plaintiff, and which the defendants agreed to pay in case of death, and for which they were paid in the premiums given by the insured. The policy must, we think, be held to be a valued policy." And after referring to a policy

OCTOBER TERM, 1882.
Opinion of the Court.
of insurance obtained by a sister on her brother's life, where no question seemed to have been made as to the amount, but only whether it was an interest which the lawwould recognize, the court said:
"So, in every case, where a person on his own account insures the life of a relative, if the sum named in the policy is not to be the rule of damages, we inquire what is? The impossibility of satisfactorily going into the question in most cases, and especially where there is nothing to guide the inquiry, and everything is uncertain, would lead us to hold that a policy like this is a valued policy as most consistent with the understanding of the parties and the principles of law."
3. The third question presented for determination relates to alleged breaches of the warranty of the policy. It is alleged that the policy was issued upon the faith of certain statements and answers of the plaintiff which were untrue. These statements were, first, that the plaintiff had an interest in the life of Dillenberg to the amount of $10,000, when, in fact, he had no interest- in it; and, second, that the cause of the death of one of the brothers of Dillenberg was accident, when, in fact, he had committed suicide.
As to the alleged breach of the warranty of the interest of the plaintiff in the life of Dillenberg there is this answer: The statement of the plaintiff as to the amount of his interest was necessarily conjectural. No one can affirm with absolute certainty that he has an interest to a definite sum in the life of another, where the interest depends upon the result of an existing partnership or other business transactions not yet terminated. The value of his interest in such cases will always be more or less a matter of opinion. The statement, in that regard, must, of necessity, be taken as a mere estimate. If, therefore, the plaintiff had an interest in the life of Dillenberg and his estimate was made in good faith, the declaration cannot be deemed untrue so as to constitute a breach of the warranty. The extent of a man's interest in the life of another, depending upon a continuing partnership or the results of business transactions not yet completed, is, in the nature of things,

CONNECTICUT MUT. LIFE INS. CO. v. LUCHS. 509

Opinion of the Court.

uncertain, and in such cases all that can be required is that he

had an actual interest, and that his estimate was made in good

faith, without any purpose to deceive. Bevi v. Connecticut

XJtual Life Insurance Company, cited above.

Here the plaintiff valued his interest and took out a policy

for only half of the sum estimated. He did not procure the

policy for any purpose of speculating upon the duration of the

life of Dillenberg. From the finding of the jury we must take

as true, that his representation was made in good faith upon

an honest opinion as to the value of his interest.

As to the alleged.misstatement of the cause of the death of

a brother of the deceased, it is sufficient to observe that there

is no allegation on this subject in the answers of the plaintiff,

and the point is taken simply because, in an answer to a pre-

vious application, that statement was made. Such previous

answer cannot be incorporated into the present policy. The

reference to the previous application is made for the answer to

a different inquiry.

There may be, as stated by counsel for the company, some

inconsistencies between the charges given at its request, and

those given at the request of Luchs. The latter present all the

disputed questions of fact to the jury, and if those granted at

its request are erroneous, in so far as they differ, it is not for it

to complain, as was well observed by counsel, that while the

judge held Luchs within proper limits, itself was suffered to.go

beybnd them.

Upon the whole record of the case we find no error sufficient

to justify a reversal of the judgment.

Judgment afflrmed.

OCTOBER TERM, 1882.
Syllabus.
are abolished," and "any instrument within the scope of his authority, by which an agent intends to bind his principal, does bind him, if such intent is plainly inferable from the instrument itself." Civil Code of Dakota of 1877,  925, 1373.
By the subject-matter of this contract, which is the delivery and milling of ore from the Keets Mine; by the description of Whitney, both in the body of the contract and in the signature, as superintendent of the Keets Mining Company; and by the use of the words "parties of the first part," which are applicable to a company and not to a single individual-the contract made by the hand of Whitney clearly appears upon its face to have been intended to bind, and therefore did bind, the company ; and, upon proof that Post was a partner in the company, bound him. Whitney v. Wyman, 101 U. S. 392; Hitchwock v. Buchanan,105 IT. S. 416; Goodenough v. Thayer, 132 Mass. 152.
The order sustaining Post's demurrer to the original complaint gave the plaintiff leave to amend, and did not preclude the plaintiff from renewing, nor the court from entertaining, the same question of law upon a fuller development of the facts at the trial on the amended complaint. Calder v. HUaynes, 7 Allen, 387.
Judgment a~fflrmd.

HAWKINS & Another, Assignees, & Others v. BLAKE & Another.

APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA.

FOR

Decided May ?th, 1883.
Assignees in Ban ruptcy-Equity-Mandate--Paries--Practice.
On appeal from the decree of the court below executing the mandate of the court on the judgment entered in Blake v. Hawkins, 98 U. S. 315: Held,
1. That it was no error in the execution of the mandate to permit a new party to become party and set up rights under the decree, when it appears by the record that all parties consented.

HAWKINS v. BLAKE.
Opinion of the Court.
2. That there was no error in charging the amount found due to the appellees as next of kin, upon the real estate conveyed to Devereux by his mother, and in the hands of his assignees in bankruptcy; and the assignees took the estate charged with the specific equity to which it was subject in the bankrupt's hands, and must hold and apply it to the purposes to which in equity it is devoted.
Appeal from the decree entered in the court below on the mandate of this court sent down with the judgment and opinion in Blake v. Hwkins, 98 U. S. 315.
Xr. Augustus S. -Yer-imon and X3r. Thomas C. _Fuller, for appellants.
.Xr. Solicitor-General and Xr. Joh l. Hinsdale for appellees.
MR. JusTicE N&Trmws delivered the opinion of the court. A former appeal in this cause was disposed of by this court by a decision reported in Blake v. Hawkins, 98 U. S. 315, t6 which reference is made for a full statement of the case as then presented. The final decree of the circuit court, there reviewed, was reversed, and the cause was remanded with directions to take further proceedings and enter a decree in accordance with the opinion of the court as then declared. The subsequent proceedings and decree, upon the mandate of this court, axe now brought here for review, on the ground that they do not, in several particulars, conform to that mandate. A brief statement of the case will suffice to explain and adjust the remaining controversy. The complainants below were the appellants from the first decree, and are now appellees. They are of the next of kin of Frances Devereux, entitled to a share of the residue of her personal estate undisposed of by her will. The object of the bill was to obtain an account of that estate from Thomas P. Devereux, as executor de son tort, including a fund, being part of a sum of $50,000 originally charged upon real estate conveyed to Thomas P. Devereux by Frances Devereux, in case she should appoint the same by will or otherwise, and which, it was claimed by the complainants, she had appointed by her will to her executors. The estate of Thomas P. Devereux

OCTOBER TERMI, 1882.
Opinion of the Court.
passed, by his bankruptcy, to assignees and trustees, including the lands on which the fund in question, alleged to have been the subject of the appointment, had been charged. These assignees and trustees were defendants below, and are now appellants.
The charge upon the lands conveyed to Thomas P. Devereux included an annuity, during the life of Frances Devereux, payable to herself, of $3,000, being six per cent. on the principal sum, and as to the principal sum the language of the deed was:
"That the said Thomas P. Devereux, his heirs or assigns, shall invest for, or pay to, the said Frances, at such times, in such proportions, and in such manner and form as she shall direct and require, to and for her own sole and separate use, and subject to her own disposal by will, deed, or -writings in nature thereof, or otherwise, to all intents and purposes (notwithstanding her coverture) as if she were a ferne sole and unmarried, the sum of $50,000 ; but if the said sum of money, or any part thereof, shall remain unpaid, or shall not be invested during her life, and if the said Frances shall not by deed or will or writing in nature thereof, or by some other act, give, grant, dispose, or direct any payment, investment, or application of the same, then the said sum of money, or so much thereof as shall remain not paid, given, granted, disposed, or directed to be invested, paid, or applied, shall be considered as lapsing and the charge thereof as extinguished for the benefit of the said Thomas."
In her will, among other bequests, was one of $7,500 to Thomas P. Devereux, in trust, to apply the income on the same annually to the payment of certain annuities and charities therein specified. There was no residuary clause.
Thomas P. Devereux, though named as executor in his mother's will, did not qualify as such; but, after her death, paid off the legacies mentioned and took possession of a large part of her personal estate, so as to become chargeable therefor as executor de son tort.
The estate of Frances Devereux is represented by an administrator de bonis non with the will annexed.

 HAWKIS v. BLAKE.
Opinion of the Court.
The decree of the circuit court in 1874, which was the subject of the former appeal, declared among other things:
1. That Frances Devereux did not by her last will appoint the fund of $50,000, charged upon the land, "to be part of her general personal estate in the hands of her executors; nor appoint the said fund at all, except so far as it is necessary to resort to the same to pay off the pecuniary legacies bequeathed by her in her said will, after exhausting for that purpose what remains of her personal assets, after payment of her debts and general7 expenses and the cost of administering her estate."
2. That the complainants were not entitled to any account of the fund of $50,000, except for the purpose of determining the amount in arrears of the annuity of $3,000 during the lifetime of Thomas Devereux, unexpended, of which unexpended balance, and of the remainder of her personal estate which came to the hands of Thomas P. Devereux, they are entitled to an account.
3. That in taking that account, the, assignees in bankruptcy are entitled to be credited with the amounts -whichThomas P. Devereux expended in purchasing the pecuniary legacies bequeathed by Frances Devereux.
A statement of that aqcount was agreed upon, which showed .that, at the date of his bankruptcy, May 31st, 1868, Thomas P. Devereux was chargeable with $41,633 of the general personal assets of his mother's estate, after payment of debts, funeral expenses, and costs of administration, including interest to that date; and that he was entitled to credit for $39,466.58, which included interest to the same date, for the amount expended by him in payment or purchase of the pecuniary legacies under the will, leaving a balance due from him of $2,166.42, of which the complainants were entitled to one-third, or $722.14, for which accordingly, a decree was entered in their favor.
In reversing this decree, this court said, 98 U. S. 328:
"Whether, if the fund which remained in the hands of Thomas P. Devereux at the death of the testatrix had exceeded the sum required to pay the legacies given by her will-that is to say, the

OCTOBER TERM, 1882.
Opinion of the Court.
sum of $28,500-the will would have been a complete execution of the power, covering the whole fund, or only a partial appointment of so much as was needed to pay those legacies, it is unnecessary for us now to decide. In the view which we take of the other questions involved in the case, that fund had been reduced so far that there was not more than enough remaining subject to the power to pay the sums bequeathed by the will. The execution was therefore complete, and it appointed the whole fund to the executors of this will, who took it under the appointment as part of the personal estate of the appointor."
There was, therefore, error in the decree of the circuit court, so far as it adjudged that the testatrix, Frances Devereux, did not appoint to her executors the fund over which she had the power of appointment, "except so far as it is necessary to resort to the same to pay off the pecuniary legacies bequeathed by her in her said will, after exhausting for that purpose what remains of her general assets after payment of her debts and funeral expenses and the costs of administering her estate."
After noticing and disposing of other assignments of error, not material now to be repeated, the judgment of the court concludes as follows:
"Our conclusion, therefore, is, after reviewing the whole case, that there has been no error committed, except the single one which we first noticed. For that, however, the decree of the circuit court must be reversed, and the case sent back with instructions to direct a new accounting, and to enter a decree in conformity with this opinion."
The mandate of this court was entered of record in the circuit court at the June term, 1879; and thereupon Louisa N. Taylor filed her petition praying to be made a party, for the purpose of asserting her right to receive the value of two annuities to which she claimed to be entitled, one of $50 per annum out of the fund of 87,500 bequeathed to Thomas 1P. Devereux in trust for herself and others; and one of $150 per annum, which by the will of Frances Devereux, was directed to be paid out of funds arising from the sale of certain slaves

HAWKINS v. BLAKE.
Opinion of the Court.
and a house and lot in Chapel Hill, it being alleged in her petition that Thomas P. Devereux had sold the house and lot, received the proceeds, and converted the slaves to his own use.
Service of this petition was accepted, and it was agreed that it might be heard at the same term, if practicable. The assignees in bankruptcy filed their answer to it, pleading the statute of limitations, alleging that the fund of $7,500 had been raised, and that the lands of Thomas P. Devereux were discharged from its payment, denying that the $150 annuity was a charge on those lands, but upon the house and lot in Chapel Hill, which sold for only $45, and the slaves, which it is alleged were not sold by Thomas P. Devereux, but lost by the result of the war, &c.
It was thereupon agreed by the parties to waive the taking of the account ordered by the mandate of this court, and that "t1he balance charged on the land of Thomas P. Devereux, and which Mrs. Frances Devereux had not disposed of during her life, and which by her will she appointed to her executors, was on the third (3d) of June, 1849, the date of her death, the sum of ($21,527.67) twenty-one thousand five hundred and twenty-seven dollars and sixty-seven cents."
The facts in regard to the legacy of $1,500 to Thomas P. Devereux in trust, and the interest therein of Louisa N. Taylor, were also agreed upon.
It was further agreed that a certain account D, theretofore taken, of the general personal assets of Frances Devereux, filed at June term, 1874, was correct, except that the assignees in bankruptcy insisted on an exception, to the extent that Thomas P. Devereux is chargeable only with one-half the value of the slaves, being $9,995.50, with interest thereon to the amount of $9,823.57, instead of with the full amount charged; while the complainants insisted that the correctness of that account had been finally agreed to and settled at the June term, 1874, but that otherwise the account was in all respects correct.
At the November term, 1879, the final decree was made, from which the present appeal is taken. The first seven of the

OCTOBER TERM, 1882.
Opinion of the Court.
declarations in that decree specifically follow the mandate of this court, and the agreement of the parties as to the state of the accounts, overruling the exception of the assignees in bankruptcy t3.the account D, which charged Thomas P. Devereux with the value of all the slaves which came to his hands after the death of Mrs. Devereux; and in this, we think, there is no error.
The decree then proceeds as follows:
"8. It is further declared that the said Thomas P. Devereux never raised and appropriated the $7,500.00 appointed to him in trust by the will of the said Frances out of his lands, conveyed to him by the aforesaid deed of July 3d, 1839, and that all the annuitants provided for by said appointment of $7,500.00 are dead or have abandoned their claims, except Louisa N. Taylor, who is still living ; and that none of said annuities have been paid since the first day of January, 1863, except the annuity to the said Louisa N. Taylor, which was paid by said Thomas P. Devereux up to the 1st day of January, 1867 ; and the court doth declare that there is a resulting trust for one-third of said sum of $7,500.00, and interest thereon from the 1st day of January, 1863, to the plaintiffs, subject, however, to the said Louisa N. Taylor's claim for the value of her annuity of $50.00 per annum, one-third of which value falls upon the plaintiff's share of said resulting trust; which said claims of the said Louisa N. and the said plaintiffs are first liens upon the lands of the said Thomas P. Devereux or the proceeds thereof in the hands of the defendants, in the relative order in which said claims are last herein stated, and are to be first paid in full by the defendants with and out of the proceeds of said lands.
"9. It is further declared that the said Thomas P. Devereux, before November, 1852, purchased up all the other pecuniary legacies bequeathed by the will of the said Frances, and after said purchase, and before the day and date last aforesaid, converted to his own use all the general personal assets of the said Frances specified in section 7 of this decree as amounting, on the 31st day of May, 1868, to forty-one thousand six hundred and thirty-three dollars ($41,633.00), claiming the same to belong to him to satisfy the said pecuniary legacies and the aforementioned sum of $7,500.00 ; and the court doth declare that the annuity of $150.00

HAWKINS v. BLAKE.
Opinion of the Court.
per annum bequeathed by the will of the said Frances to the said Louisa N. Taylor was and is a first lien on said sum of $41,633.00 of general assets, and ought to have been first paid thereout, and that the plaintiffs ought to have been paid one-third of said sum of general assets, subject to the burden of one-third of the annuity of $150.00 per annum to the said Louisa N. Taylor; and that the said pecuniary legacies purchased by the said Thomas P. Devereux as aforesaid, and the aforesaid sum of $7,500.00, ought to have been paid out of the fund charged and appointed by the last will and testament of the said Frances Devereux on and out of the lands of the said Thomas P. Devereux, and the money to satisfy the same ought to have been raised on and out of said lands, and that said lands were exonerated from said burden by the use by the said Thomas P. Devereux, of the general personal assets aforesaid, whereby the plaintiffs have become entitled to have their aforesaid one-third o'f said general personal assets, burdened as aforesaid, paid out of the proceeds of said lands in the hands of the defendants, and the said Louisa N. Taylor has become entitled to have the value of her aforesaid annuity of $150.00 per annum paid to her out of the said proceeds of the said lands, and in p'eference to the said claim of the plaintiffs ; and it is declared by the court here that the last aforesaid claim of the said Louisa N. Taylor is a third lien upon the said proceeds of lands in the hands of the defendants, and the last aforesaid claim of the plaintiffs is a fourth lien on the same, and that both of said claims are to be paid by the defendants out of said proceeds in the relative order in which the same are next hereinbefore stated in full, if the said proceeds shall be sufficient to pay both of the same in full, and if not sufficient then the claim of the said Louisa N. is to be paid in full, and the claim of the plaintiffs shall be paid as far as said proceeds shall extend to satisfy the same.
"10. All the parties, plaintiff and defendant, having at June term, A. D. 1879, of this court filed an agreement in writing waiving any further account, and ascertaining the balance charged on the lands of Thomas P. Devereux for the benefit of Frances Devereux at the date of her decease, in the words and figures following, to wit :
" 'In this cause the mandate from the Supreme Court of the IT. S. is filed, and to avoid the expense and delay incident to taxing the account ordered and directed herein by the decision

OCTOBER TERM, 1882.
Opinion of the Court.
and decree of said court, and because from the accounts already heretofore taken in this cause the parties are able to ascertain by agreement all the results necessary for the final determination of this cause, without the new accounting directed by said decree of supreme court, by consent of all the parties, plaintiff and defendant, herein, all further account herein is waived, and it is agreed that the balance charged on the land of Thomas P. Devereux, and which Mrs. F. Devereux had not disposed of during her life, and which, by her will, she appointed to her executors, was on the 3d day of June, 1849, the date of her death, the sum of twenty-one thousand five hundred and twenty-seven dollars and sixty-seven cents (821,527.67).'
"11. And the said Louisa N. Taylor having, at June term, 1879, of this court filed a petition to be made a party to this cause and to assert her rights in the premises, and having at said term, by the consent of all the parties, plaintiff and defendant herein, beer, made a party hereto, and it appearing to the court that said Louisa N. Taylor, on the 26th of March, 1869, before the register in bankruptcy proved and filed her claim on account of the legacy hereinbefore named against the estate of said bankrupt, Thomas P. Devereux, as a debt secured by lien on the lands of the said Thomas P. Devereux, to the amount of $2,926.12, with interest, and the plaintiffs having here in open court assented to the payment of said claim in the manner specified and directed in this decree, the court doth declare that there is now due to the said Louisa N. Taylor upon the $50.00 annuity, the sum of $1,196.45, with interest on $726.53, from Nov. 24th, 1879, and upon the $150.00 annuity, the sum of $3,413.40, with interest on $2,179.59, from Nov. 24, 1879, charged as hereinbefore declared.
"And thereupon, it being obvious to the court that a new reference and further account in the premises is entirely useless and unnecessary, it is finally ordered, adjudged, and decreed that the said Louisa N. Taylor recover of the defendants, William J. Hawkins and Walter Clark, assignees in bankruptcy of the estate and effects of Thomas P. Devereux, deceased, a bankrupt, and of the said Walter Clark and the defendant, Jno. Devereux, substituted trustees for Thomas P. Devereux, deceased, under the deed for the Pollock land, of July 3d, 1839, the sum of (81,196.45) eleven hundred and ninety-six dollars and forty-five cents, with interest on $726.53 thereof, from 24th November, 1879, until paid,

HAWKINS v. BLAKE.
Opinion of the Court.
to be paid and satisfied out of the proceeds of the sales of the said Pollock lands, in their hands, respectively, first, and in preference to all other claims against said proceeds; and that the plaintiffs, Grinfill Blake and Elizabeth J., his wife, and Jno. Townsend and Georgiana P., his wife, do recover of the said defendants, Hawkins, Clark, and Devereux, assignees and trustees as aforesaid, the sum of ($4,569.73) forty-five hundred and sixty-nine dollars and seventy-three cents, with interest on $2,468.34 thereof from the 24th November, 1879, until paid, to be paid out of said proceeds of said sales of said Pollock lands in their hands, respectively, and next in order of preference.
"And that the said Louisa N. Taylor do recover of the said defendants, Hawkins, Clark, and Devereux, assignees and trustees as aforesaid, the sum of ($3,413.40) three thousand four hundred and thirteen dollars and forty cents, with interest on ($2,179.59) twenty-one hundred and seventy-nine dollars and fifty-nine cents thereof from the 24th November, 1879, until paid, to be paid and satisfied out of said proceeds of said sales of said Pollock lands in their hands, respectively, and next in order of preference.
"And that the plaintiffs, Grinfill Blake and Elizabeth J., his wife, and Jno. Townsend and Georgiana P., his wife, do recover of the said defendants, Hawkins, Clark, and Devereux, trustees and assignees as aforesaid, ($21,200.46) twenty-one thousand two hundred dollars and forty-six cents, with interest on $13,877.66 thereof from the 24th day of November, 1879, until paid, to be paid and satisfied out of the said proceeds of the said sales of the said Pollock lands in their hands, Tespectively, and in the event that said proceeds shall prove sufficient to pay and satisfy said last-mentioned sum in full, and if said proceeds shall not prove sufficient, then as far as said proceeds shall extend to satisfy the same.
"That the costs in this cause incurred, to be taxed by the clerk, be paid by the said defendants, assignees and trustees as aforesaid, with and out of said proceeds of said sales of said Pollock lands in full and without reference to the satisfaction of the four foregoing sums adjudged to be paid out of such proceeds."
It is now objected to this decree that it is not warranted by the mandate of this court, in execution of which only it could be properly made; and that if the matters decreed were open under the mandate, they were adjudged erroneously.

OCTOBER TERM, 1882.
Opinion of the Court
It is said, in the first place, that it was error to permit Louisa N. Taylor to become a party and set up rights not embraced in the former decree. The obvious answer to this objection is, that it was done by consent of all parties, as appears by the record. And there is no ground on which the decree in her favor can be impugned. Her annuity of $50 per annum was expressly payable out of the legacy to Thomas P. Devereux in trust, in respect to which his assignee cannot be heard to say that his land has been relieved of the charge by which the fund was to be raised, when, in point of fact, the fu'id never has been raised. As to the annuity of $150, although payable out of a fund expressly designated, it was a demonstrative legacy, payable, in default of that fund, out of general assets, and entitled, therefore, to the benefit of the fund of $50,000, converted by the appointment into general personal estate, and, as part of that, chargeable on the land as hereafter shown. 2 Williams on Executors, Pt. 3, Book 3, ch. 2,  3, p. 1160, 6th Am. ed. 1252.
It is next objected that the circuit court below erred in charging the amount found due to the appellees, as next of kin, entitled to share the undisposed residue of the estate of Frances Devereux, from the estate of Thomas P. Devereux, upon his real estate conveyed to him by his mother. It is claimed that this part of the decree is not justified by the mandate, and is erroneous on principle.
But this view, in our opinion, cannot be sustained. The very point of our former decision was, that the appellees were entitled to an account of the fund of $50,000, or so much of it as remained, as part of the personal estate of Mrs. Frances Devereux, by virtue of her will, construed as an appointment. The language of the opinion was, 98 U. S. 328:
"We conclude, therefore, that Mrs. Devereux's will was an execution of the power and an appointment of the fund to her executors. It converted the fund into her own estate, at least to the extent of $28,500, if there was so much of it remaining."
It is conceded that the proper amount of this fund, according

IAW-KINS v. BLAKE.
Opinion of tho Court.
to the agreement of the parties, has been brought into account, and that the balance decreed in favor of the appellees is tle true amount due to them from the estate of Thomas P. Devereux. This is so, because the personal estate of Mrs. Frances Devereux has been increased, in the account, by the addition of the balance of this fund, according to the mandate of this court.
But that fund is still uncollected and is a lien on the lands of Thomas P. Devereux in the hands of his assignees and trustees. Why should not security go with the debt? The debt is the principal and the security an incident, which necessarily attends it. It certainly was not the intention of this court, in its former order, to separate them. And when it reversed the decree of the circuit court in order to award to the appellees the benefit of the fund appointed by the will of Mrs. Devereux to become part of her personal estate, it meant also to give them the benefit of any security for its collection and payment that appointment furnished.
And that such security existed, by way of lien and charge upon the land, in virtue of the appointment, and inures to the benefit of the appellees, as entitled to share in the general personal estate of the testatrix, is necessarily involved in the former judgment of this court. For that judgment did not proceed, as seems to be claimed, on the ground that the appointment of that fund by the will was merely to the legatees, or to the use of the legatees under the will, so that when their legacies were satisfied, no matter by what means, the land was discharged of its lien. On the contrary, that judgment proceeded on the ground that the will was an appointment of what remained of the fund of $50,000 as a charge upon the land, to the executor of the testatrix, so as to convert that fund into part of the general personal estate of the testatrix, thereby subjecting it, as part of that estate, to the claims of all persons entitled to share in its distribution, it being the intention of the testatrix, as expressly deduced by this court from the provisions of the will, to provide a fund in the hands of her executors, in addition to the personal estate in possession, adequate to redeem the legacies given by the will, so as to exonerate that
vOL. cvm-28

OCTOBER TERM, 1882.
Opinion of the Court.
estate from their payment. That fund was not a trust merely in aid of the general assets, to enable the latter to meet the payment of the legacies. That was the error of the circuit court in its first decree, for which it was reversed. It was, on the other hand, as declared by this court, "an appointment of the whole fund to the executors of the will, who took it under the appointment as part of the personal estate." And that means, just what the decree now under review declares, that it is appointed to be raised by a sale of the land on which it is charged, to be paid into the estate of the testatrix, for the purpose of being distributed to the appellees, as being the parties entitled.
Not only was this fund charged upon the real estate of Thomas P. Devereux appointed to his executors, so as to become part of the general personal estate of Mrs. Frances Devereux, so that in law the whole, including the undisposed-of residue, became liable to distribution as one trust fund for creditors, legatees, and distributees, in the order of legal priority, but that order of priority was changed by the will as declared by this court, so as to make the fund charged on the land and appointed by the will the primary fund for the payment of the legacies, so as to authorize those entitled to the general personal estate, as in this case, the next of kin entitled to the undisposed-of residue, to require that, for the purpose of paying the legacies, the specific fund charged on the land and appointed by the will should be first exhausted before resorting to the general assets of the testatrix. This court expressly so declared in its judgment on the former appeal. It said, 98 U. S. 327:
"Turning now to the will we have before us, two things are evident. The first is that the testatrix did not intend that the pecuniary legacies given for charitable purposes and to pay annuities should be satisfied out of her own personal property."
After specifying the disposition made of her personal estate
in possession, the opinion proceeds:
"Thus it appears that while she gave pecuniary legacies

HAWKINS v. BLAKE.

435

Opinion of the Court.

amounting in the aggregate to more than $28,500, she carefully withdrew from any positive application to their payment the personal estate she owned in her own right."

Notwithstanding this, Thomas P. Devereux, acting, though wrongfully, as executor of this will, and chargeable as such, appropriates the general personal estate to his own use, to reimburse himself the*amount which he had expended in paying or purchasing the legacies; and thus charges them upon the general assets, in violation of the intention of the will and the rights of the parties who by law were entitled to share in that estate. Why are not the next of kin now entitled to stand in the place of those legatees, in respect to the fund out of which they should have been paid ? Upon the familiar principle of marshalling assets by means of subrogation, when a party, having a right to resort to two funds, to the detriment of another, entitled to be paid out of but one, has been satisfied out of the latter, the fund thus exonerated will in equity be subjected to the payment of the postponed claim. This is such a case. For it is immaterial that Thomas P. Devereux did not use the specific property received by him out of the estate of Frances Devereux for the purpose of paying or purchasing the legacies entitled to payment out of the fund charged on his land, because he had received credit, with the assent of the parties and by the decree of the court, in his account of the general assets of that estate, for the amount paid by him on account of the legacies. Hlow can he say, after that, that his real estate has been discharged of the lien by his payment of the legacies ? The deficiency in the general personal estate thus created by him for the purpose of exonerating his land, is, in equity, something more than a personal claim against him. It is entitled to be supplied out of the securities that attended the claims which it was created to satisfy, and these securities are in equity considered as subsisting for that purpose. As against Thomas P. Devereux himself, if he were in being and in his own right defending against this claim of the appellees, the case would be too clear for argument. What greater rights have his assignees in bankruptcy, representing his general

-36,

OCTOBER TERMT, 1882.

Syllabus.

creditors? They have come into possession of this real estate, but only with the title by which he held it, subject to the specific equity now asserted against it; and in their hands, as trustees, it must be held and applied to subserve the purposes to which in equity it is devoted. Those purposes, in our opinion, are correctly set forth in the decree of the circuit court; and
It is accordingly affirnwd.

CLARK, General Treasurer of Rhode Island, v. BARNARD & Others, Assignees.

A- EAL

FROM

THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED THE DISTRICT OF MASSACHUSETTS.

STATES FOR

Decided May 7th, 1883.

Bond-Constitutional Law- Corporations--Damages-Franchises--Penlty.
1. The B. H. & E. Railroad, a corporation created by the State of Cbnnecticut, purchased the franchises and railroad of the H. P. & F. Railroad, a corporation created under the laws of Rhode Island and Connecticut. The legislature of Rhode Island ratified the sale, and authorized the B. H. & E. Company to exercise the rights, privileges, and powers of the H. P. & F. Company: Held, That the B. H. & E. Company thereby became the legal successor of the H. P. & F. Company in Rhode Island ; and, in respect to its railroad in Rhode Island, a corporation of that State.
2. The State of Rhode Island authorized by an act of its legislature the B. H. & E. Company to extend within the limits of the State the road thus acquired. The act further contained the following proviso: "This act shall not go into effect unless the said B. H. & E. Company shall, within ninety days from the rising of this general assembly, deposit in the office of the general treasurer their bond, with sureties satisfactory to the governor of this State, in the sum of $100,000, that they will coinplete their said road before the first day of January, A. D.1872." Within the time named the requisite bond was filed in the sum of $100,000 conditioned as follows: "Now, therefore, if said B. H. & E. Company shall complete their said railroad before the first day of January, A. D. 1872, then the aforewritten obligation shall be void; otherwise be and remain in full force and effect;" and as the requisite security for the payment of thebond, a loan certificate of the city of Boston for $100,000 was deposited with the State treasurer. The B. H. & E. Company became bankrupt.

