WARNER v. CONNECTICUT MUT. LIFE INS. CO. 357
Statement of Facts.
WARIER and Others v. CON ECTIOUT MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS.
Argued November 13th, 1883.-Decided November 26th, 1883.
Mortgage-Power.
A husband and wife join in a mortgage of the wife's real estate to secure a debt of the husband contracted simultaneously with the execution of the mortgage. The wife dies before maturity of the debt, leaving a will devising all her estate to her husband iV trust to enjoy the income during his life, with remainder to her children at his decease :-But provided, That said Cyrenius Beers may encumber the same by way of mortgage or trust deed or otherwise, and renew the same for the purpose of raising money to pay off any and all encumbrances now on said property, and which trust deed or mortgage so made shall be as valid as though be held an absolute estate in said property. The will appointed the husband as sole executor, and waived all security: Held, that the executor was empowered by the will to extend the mortgage debt at maturity without notice to the devisees of the remainder, and without affecting the mortgage security.
The husband, on the maturity of the debt secured by the mortgage, extended it by an instrument which did not refer to the will, or to the power which it ,conferred : Held, that, under the circumstances, it was to be construed as an execution of the power.
Bill to foreclose a mortgage, and cross-bill to have the mortgage set aside. The appellees filed the bill as plaintiffs in the court below, against the appellants and one Charles G. Beers, their brother, and against other parties, to foreclose a mortgage on real estate in Chicago. The appellants filed in that suit their cross-bill, setting forth their title to the mortgaged property, alleging that the mortgage was a cloud upon it, and praying a decree for the discharge of the mortgage. The controversy arose on the following facts:
On the 24th February, 1869, one Cyrenius Beers borrowed of the insurance company, appellees, $20,000, and executed and delivered to thean his bond conditioned for the payment of that sum, with interest, payable semi-annually, at the rate of eight per cent. per annumn. On the same day Beers and Mary Beers, his wife, duly executed and delivered the mortgage in contro-

358

OCTOBER TERM, 1863.

Statement of Facts.

versy, to secure the payment of that debt. The title to the mortgaged estate was in the wife, and was so described iii the mortgage. In the following October the wife died, leaving a will, which was duly admitted to probate in March, 1872, and
6f which the following is a copy:
"I, Mary Beers, wife- of Cyrenius Beers, of Chicago, of lawful age and sound mind, in view of the uncertainty of human life, do make, publish and declare this my last will and testament.
"First. I order all of my debts to be paid, inciuding the expenses of my funeral and last illness.
,"1Second, I give and bequeath to my husband, Cyrenius Beers, all the estate, both real, personal, and mixed, of which I die seized or possessed, to be held by him in trust for the following uses, purposes, and trusts, and none other, that is to say, to receive the rents, income, and profits thpreof during hi life, with the remainder to my children, Mary C. Foster, wife of Orrington C, Foster, Rissa J. Beers, and Charles G. Beers share and share alike to them, their heirs and assigns forever.
"1But provided, That said Cyrenius Beers may encumber the same by way of mortgage or trust deed or otherwise, and renew the same for the purpose of raising money to pay off any and all encumbrances now on said property, and which trust -deed *or mortgage so made shall be as valid as though he held an absolute estate in said property.
"1But provided further, That the said Cyrenius Beers may, in his discretion, during his life, sell and dispose of any or all of the real estate of4which I may die seized or possessed, as though he held an absolute estate in the same, and out of the proceeds pay any of the encumbrances upon any of the property of which I may die seized and possessed, and the remainder over and above what may be required to pay the indebtedness upon said property, the same being now encumbered, to reinvest in such way as he may see proper, and from time to time to sell and reinvest, such reinvestment to continue to be held in trust, the same as the estate of which I may die possessed; that is to say, the said Cyrenius Beers only to have the use during his life of said estate, With the right of sale and to encumber and reinvest, the remainder after his death to go to .my children and their heirs forever.

WARNER v. CONNECTICUT MUT. LIFE INS. CO. 359

Statement of Facts.

"Third. I hereby appoint said Cyrenius Beers executor of this my last will and testament, hereby waiving from him all bail and security, as I -have a rigjht to do under the statute in such cases made and provided, as such executor.
"In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and seal this fourteenth day of September, in the year of. our Lord one
thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine.
"MARY BEnns. [SEAL.]

"The above instrument, consisting of three pages, was, at the date thereof, declared to us by Mary Beers, the testator therein mentioned, to be her last will and testament, and she at the
same time acknowledged to us, and each of us, that she had signed and sealed the same, and we thereupon, at her- request,

and in her presence, and in the presence of each other, signed

our names thereto as attesting witnesses.

"SAUEL BEERs,

[SEAL.]

"GEORGE T. BEERS, [SEAL.]

" Witnesses."

Cyrenius Beers, the husband, accepted the trust, and duly qualified as executor and administered upon the estate, and was discharged on the 20th September, 1877.
When the debt secured by the mortgage matured on the
24th February, 1874, it was not paid; but instead thereof Beers on that day entered into a written agreement with. the company, in which, after reciting the execution of the bond, and that it was wholly unpaid, and the execution and delivery of the mortgage "by the said Cyrenius Beers and Mary his wife," "to secure tle payment thereof," it was agreed as follows:

"Now, this memorandum witnesseth that the said The Con-
necticut Mutual Life Insuiance Company, in consideration of the covenants and agreements on the part of the said Cyrenius Beers hereinafter contained, the prompt and faithful performance whereof is a condition precedent hereto, and time being the essence of this contract, doth hereby extend and postpone the time of payment of said principal sum of twenty thousand ($20,000) dollars in the condition of said bond mentioned until

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Statement of Facts.
the twenty-fourth day of February, which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, interest to be paid thereon at and after the rate of nine per centum per annum, half yearly, in the same manner and at the place or places in the condition of said bond mentioned.
"And the said Cyrenius Beers, in consideration of such extension of the time of payment of said principal sum, doth hereby convenant, promise, and agree to and with the said The Connecticut Mutual Life Insurance Company, its successors and assigns, that he will well and truly pay the said The Connecticut Mutual Life Insurance Company, its successors and assigns; said principal sum of twenty thousand ($20,000) dollars, on the twenty-fourth day of February which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventynine, at t6e place in the condition of said bond mentioned, and also interest thereon at the rate of nine per centum per annum half yearly, to wit, on the twenty-fourth day of each of the months of August and February, which will be in each and every year during such extended time of payment, according to the tenor and effect of the .ten (10) coupons or due-bills signed by said. Cyrenius Beers, bearing even date and given herewith ; it being expressly understood and agreed by and between the parties hereto that in the event of a failure to pay either or any of said coupons at maturity then, at the election of said The Connecticut Mutual Life Insurance Company, its successors or assigns, the whole of" said principal sum of twenty thousand ($20,000) dollars in the condition of said bond mentioned shall thereupon at once become due and payable, and may be collected without notice, together with all arrearages of interest thereon, in the-same manner as if said extension had never been granted.
"It is further expressly understood by and between the parties heret&that nothing herein contained shall operate to discharge or release the said Cyrenius Beers, his heirs, executors, or administrators, from their liabilities upon said bond, but it is expressly understood that this instrument is to be taken. as.collateral and additional security for the payment of said bond. . A"It is aso expressly understood and agreed 1y and between the parties hfereto that iii'-he event of a failure on the part of the said Czyrehius -Beers, -his heirs, legal representatives, and assigns, to fulfil, keep, and promptly perform, as well in spirit

WARNER v. CONNECTICUT MUT. LIFE INS. CO. 361
Argument for Appellants.
as in letter, the covenants in the said mortgage contained, given by said Cyrenius Beers to said company, then, at the' election of said The Connecticut Mutual Life Insurance Company, its successors or assigns, the whole of said principal sum in the condition of said bond mentioned shall thereupon at once become due and payable, and may be collected without notice, together with all accrued interest thereon at said 'rate of nine per centum per annum, anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding."
Cyrenius Beers died intestate in February, 1878, leaving the mortgage debt still due and unpaid.
The appellants and Charles G. Beers, one of the defendants in the original suit, were his heirs. They were also the children and devisees of the said Mary Beers. Charles G. conveyed his interest in the property to the appellants before the date of the cross-bill.
The extension of the mortgage debt in 1874 was made without the knowledge or consent of the appellants or of the said Charles G. Beers. The contention of the appellees was that under the circumstances it operated as a discharge of the mortgage lien.
The court below decreed the foreclosure of the mortgage and sale of the mortgaged estate. From this decree the defendants below appealed.
.M". John S. ffiller for the appellants. - I. Mary Beer-occupied the position of surety. The'appellants, as her privies in estate, are entitled to every defence which could have availed to her. Bank of Albion v. Burns, 46 N. Y. 170.; Smith v. Townsend, 25 N. Y. 479; Gahn v. Niemeewczz, 11 Wend. 312; S. C. 3 Paige, 614; Johns v. -Reardon,11 Md. 465; Purvisv. CarstaTp an, 73 N. C. 575; Aguilar v. Aguilar, 5 M[add. 414; Stanford, &e., Banking Co. v. Ball, 4 De G., F. & J. 310; Earl v. Countess of lTuntingdon, 2 Bro. P. 0., case 1. IL By the extension of the time of payment, the mortgaged estate was released. Bank of Albion v. Burms, 46 N. Y. 170;' Smith v. Townsend 25 N. Y. 479. II. The will devised a life estate to Cyrenins, and remainder to the children. Doe v. Coneidine,

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
6 Wall. 458; -Doe v. A3fartin, 4 Term R. 39; Zambert v. Thwaites, 2 Law Rep. Eq. Cas. 151-5; .lfinors v. Battion,1 E. L. R. App. Cas. 428. The extension was not authorized by the power in the will. Ward v. Bank of XYy., 7 T. B. Mon. 93; &itzinger v. TFeaver, 1 Rawle, 375; Horwitz v. YXor'ris, 49 Penn. St. g3; S7/fer v. Beates, 9 S. & iR. 166; lZetzel v. Barbr, 69 N. Y. 1. In making the extension, Beers acted solely in his own interest, and not as donee of the power. Sir Edward Clere'8 Case, 6 Coke R. 17 -B.; Andrews v. Emmott, 2 Bro. 0. 0. 597; Cox v. Chamberlain,4 Yes. 631; VYunnock v. Hforton, 7 Yes. 391; 1 Sug. Pow. *367, *412; .Denn v. Roake, 2 Bing. 497; S. C. 5 B. & C. 120; S. C'. 1 Dow & 01. 437; Blagge v. Xiles, 1 Story R. 426; Jones v. Wood, 16 Penn. St.
25; Bell v. Twilight, 22 N. HI. 500; 2 Story Eq. Jur., § 1062 a;
Coffng v. Taylor, 16 Ill. 457; Pease v. Pilot Knob I'on Co., 49 Mo. 124; 2Y ry v. .Aichael, 18 Md. 227; .3faryland X-t. Ben't Society v. Cl&ndnen, 44 Md. 429; Funk v. _gglston, 92 Ill. 515; Towles v. Fisher, 7 N. 0. 437; Blake v. Hawkins, 98 U. S. 315. The power to sell was a naked power not coupled with a trust. Lewis on Trusts, 22,6th London Ed. 19; 3 lRedf. on Wills, 469; Hill on Trustees, 67; 2 Sugden on Powers, 159; -Eldridgev. Heard,106 Mass. 579.
..Mr. Edward S. Isham, for the appellee.
MR. JunSTIC M]ATrT ws delivered the opinion of the court. After reviewing the principal facts, he said:
This extension of the time of payment of the mortgage debt was made without any consent thereto on the part of the appellants.
It is claimed on their behalf that, as owners of the estate mortgaged by the testatrix to secure the debt of her husband, they are in a position of sureties, and that the extension of time for the payment of the debt, without authority from them, is, in equity, a discharge of the lien of the mortgage.
The appellee insists, in reply to this claim, that the agreement by which further time was given for the payment of the -debt, during which the mortgage was continued in force, was

WARNER v. CONNECTICUT MJT. LIFE INS. CO. 363
Opinion of the Court.
authorized by the will. of Mary Beers and binds her devisees. Whether this be so is the precise question we are required to decide.
We are reminded, at the outset of the argument, by the counsel for the appellants, that being sureties, they are favorites of the law; that their contract is strictissmijuris; and that nothing is to be taken against them by intendment or construction. It is quite true that "the extent of the liability to be incurred must be expreskA by the surety, or necessarily comprised in the terms used in the obligation or contract;" that is, "the obligation is not to be extended to any other subject, to any other person,. or to any other period of time than is expressed or necessarily included in it." "In this sense only," continued Mr. Burge, Law of Suretyship, 1st Am. Ed., p. 40, "must be understood the expression that the contract of the surety is to be construed strictly. It is subject to the same rules of construction and interpretation as every other contract." Besides, the rule of construction applies only to the contract itself, and not to matters collateral and incidental, or which arise in execution of it, which are to be governed by the same rules that apply in like circumstances, whatever the relation of the parties. So that the fact that the appellants occupy the relation of sureties cannot control the determination of the question whether the agreement extending the time of payment of the mortgage debt, and the continuance of the mortgage as an encumbrance upon the estate, was a valid execution of the powers conferred by the will of the testatrix. That question must be answered according to its own rules.
It is further said, however, -on the part of the appellants, that the agreement of February 24th, 1874, cannot be sustained in support of a continuation of the mortgage lien, as an execution of the powers conferred by the will of Mary Beers, because it does not appear that it was so intended by Cyrenins Beers, the donee of those powers. It is argued that the agreement of extension makes no reference either to the power or to the property of the testatrix, which is.the subject of the power; that every provision contained in it cain have its full operation and effect; that is, all that it professes to do or provide for can

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
be done, according to its full tenor, without referring the act to the power, and by referring it solely to the individual interest of Cyrenius Beers, as the debtor of the appellee.
This, however, on an examination of its terms, will appear to be an erroneous view of the true meaning and legal effect of the agreement of extension., It recites the indebtedness of Cyrenius Beers to the appellee, as then due and unpaid; that he had applied to them to extend the time for the payment of the principal sum; that Cyrenis Beers and Mary, his wife, had executed and delivered their deed of mortgage to secure the payment thereof ; it is thereupon witnessed that The Connecticut Mutual Life Isurance Company doth thereby extend and postpone the time of payment of the principal sum until February 24th, 1879, interest to be paid thereon at the rate of nine per centum per annum;, and in consideration thereof Cyrenius Beers agrees to pay the principal sum on the day named therefor, and the interest thereon as stipulated, it being understood that on failure to pay any instalment'of interest the whole of the principal sum shall thereupon become due, and may be collected without notice, together with all arrearages of interest. It is also understood and agreed between the parties, that nothing in the agreement shall operate to discharge or release Cyrenius Beers from his liability upon the bond originally given for the payment of the debt, "1but it is expressly understood that this instrument is to be taken as collateral and additional security for the payment of said bond." It is 'also expressly understood and agreed between the parties that in the event of failure on the part of Cyrenius Beers, "to fulfil, keep,_ and promptly perform, as well in spirit as in letter, the covenants in said mortgage contained, given by said Cyrenius Beers to said company, then, at the election of the said company, the whole of said principal sum in the condition of said bond mentioned shall thereupon at once become due and payable, and may be collected without notice, together with all accrued interest thereon at said rate of nine per centum per annum, anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding."
Taking the instrument in all its parts and looking at its en-

WARNER v. CONNECTICUT MIUT. LIFE IN\S. CO.365
Opinion of the Court.
tire scope and purpose, it must be admitted that, notwithstanding its omission of any direct and express stipulation of that character, its meaning and legal effect are to continue in force, so far as the parties to it had lawful authority to do so, the covenants and lien of the mortgage as security for the payment of the original debt, with the interest reserved at the increased rate until the expiration of the extended time of payment. This effect was undoubtedly intended by the parties, and this intention could not take effect except by virtue of the powers contained in the will of Mary Beers. Cyrenius Beers, as debtor, had no power to continue the mortgage in force, nor as tenant for life to renew it as a mortgage in fee. This is a demonstration, therefore, that the instrument must be treated as an execution of those powers, because, if it cannot otherwise operate according to the intention of the parties, it must be referred to the power which alone can make it effectual in all its provisions.
I The rule applicable in such cases, it is claimed, is that deduced: as the doctrine of Sir Edward Clcre8 Case, 6 Rep. 17 b, as stated by 1 Sugden on Powers, 417, 7th London Ed., that "where the disposition, however general it may be, will be absolutely void if it do not enure as an execution of the power, effect will be given to it by that construction." Mr. Chance, however, says:
"There are, indeed, in the case dicta apparently to this effect, that if the instrument refer not to the power and can.have some effect by means of the interest of the party, though not all the effect which the words seem to import, still the instrument shall not operate as an execution of the power, the intention being thus contravened. It appears quite clear, however, at this day, and a reference to the authorities will, it is apprehended, show that it has been considered clear for nearly two centuries, that the' rule is not thus confined ; indeed, it may well be asked why, admitting that the intention can be discovered to pass all, the intention should not prevail in the one case as well as in the other? What rule of law or construction would be thereby violated ?" 2 Chance on Powers, 72, § 1597, London Ed. 1831.

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
And Sir Edward Sugden said:
"And notwithstanding Sir Edward Clere's case, an intent, ap. parent upon the face of the instrument, to dispose of all the estate, would be deemed a sufficient reference to the power to make the instrument operate as an execution of it, inasmuch as the words of the instrument could not otherwise be satisfied." 2 Sugden on Powers, 412, ch. VI. sec. VIII. 7th London E d.
In the present case, as we have seen, the legal effect and meaning of the instrument cannot be satisfied without treating it as an execution of the powers under the will, for Cyrenius Beers, merely as debtor, as mortgagor, and as owner of the life estate under the will of his wife, could not lawfully agree to keep in force and renew a mortgage upon the estate of which the appellants were devisees in remainder in fee.
The Supreme Court of Illinois in the case of Funrk v. .Eggeston., 92 Ill. 515, had the question under consideration, and in a learned opinion, in which a large number of authorities, both English and American, is reviewed, discarded even the modified English rule of later date, and adopted that formulated by Mr. Justice Story in Blagge v. _files, 1 Story, 426, as follows:
"The main point is to arrive at the intention and object of the donee of the power in the instrument of execution, and that being once ascertained, effect is given to it accordingly. If the donee of the power intends to execute, and the mode be in other respects unexceptionable, that intention, however manifested, whether directly or indirectly, positively or by just implication, will make the execution valid and operative. I agree that the intention to execute the power must be apparent and clear, so that the transaction is not fairly susceptible of any other interpretation. If it be doubtful, under all the circumstances, then that doubt will prevent it from being deemed an execution of the power. All the authorities agree that it is not necessary .that the intention to execute the power should appear by express terms or recitals in the instrument. It is sufficient that it should appear by words, acts or deeds demonstrating the intention."
The rule as adopted by this court was tersely stated by Mr.

WARNER v. CONNECTICUT :MUT. LIFE INS. CO. 367
Opinion of the Court.
Justice Strong, in delivering its opinion in Blake v. .fawkimn, 98 U. S. 315-326, in this form:
"1If the will contains no expressed intent to exert the power, yet, if it may reasonably be gathered from the gifts and directions made that their purpose and object were to execute it, the will must be regarded as an execution. After all, an appointment under a power is an intent to appoint carried out, and if made by will the intent and its execution are to be sought for through the whole instrument."
In the case. of funson v. Berdan, 8 Stewart (N. J.), 376, it is said:
"It is sufficient if the act shows that the donee'had in view the subject of the power."
AnZl in WTVdte v. Hicks, 33 N. Y.-383-392, Denio, Ch. I., said:
"This doctrine proceeds upon the argument that by doing a thing which, independently of the power, would be nugatory, she (the donee of the power) conclusively evinced her intention to execute the power."
And in Sewall v. TFilmer, 132 Mass. 131-134-, the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts, in reference to a will made in Maryland, which was the domicile of the testatrix, but the provisions of which related to both real and personal estate situated in Massachusetts, held it to be a valid execution of a power contained in the will of her father, whose domicile was in that State, although it would have been otherwise held in Maryland. Gray, C. J., said:
"But in this commonwealth the decisions in England since our Revolution, and before the St. of 7 Will. IV., and 1 Vict., cli..26, § 27, have not been followed ; the court has leaned toward the adoption of the rule enacted by that statute as to wills thereafter made in England, namely, that a general - devise or bequest should be construed to include any real or personal estate of which the testator has a general power of appointment, unless a con-

,OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
trary intention should appear by his will ; and it has been adjudged that the mere facts that the will relied on as an execution of the power does not refer to the power, nor designate the property subject to it, and that the donee of the power has other property of his own upon which his will may operate, are not conclusive against the validity of the execution of the power; but that the question is in every case a question of the intention of the donee of the power, taking into consideration not only the terms of his will, but the circumstances surrounding him at the time of its execution, such as the source of the power, the terms of the instrument creating it, and the extent of his present or past interest in the property subject to it."
We cannot doubt that Cyrenius Beers, in the agTeement of February 24th, 1874, intended to exert whatever power had been conferred upon him by the will of his wife to continue in force the mortgage to the appellee, as an encumbrance upon her estate, for the reason that it is upon that supposition alone that it can have its due legal effect, ut r'es magis valeat quaw pereat; and by force of the rules which we have seen ought to govern in such cases, we hold that, if the agreement, as made, is within the scope of the power, it must be regarded as a valid execution of it.
The question next to be considered, therefore, is, whether Cyrenius Beers was empowered by the will of his wife to consent to an extension of the time of payment of the mortgage debt, and a continuance thereby of the lien on the mortgaged estate.
It is to be observed, in the first place, that he is made executor of the will, tenant for life for his own use of all the property of the testatrix, and trustee of the legal title. Whether his title as trustee is to be considered as a fee simple or for life, or a chattel interest only, it is not necessary to decide. Its duration is to be measured by the nature of the purposes for which it was created, and they include the power to mortgage, to sell, and to reinvest in his own name as trustee. And it is not without significance, although of how much importance is not material, that the remainder in fee limited to the children of the testatrix, and which is described as a limitation of all the

WARNER v. CONNECTICUT MUT. LIFE INS. CO. 369
Opinion of the Court.
estate of which the testatrix should die seized or possessed, is subsequently referred to as what shall remain after the death of the tenant for life, and after the 'exercise by him of the power of mortgaging or selling and reinvesting has been exercised for the purpose of paying the indebtedness upon the property. It is further to be noticed that the powers to mortgage and to sell are authorized to be exercised by him for the purpose specified, "as though he held an absolute estate in said property." The specific power given is to "encumber the same by way of mortgage or trust deed or otherwise, and renew the same, for the purpose of raising money to pay off any and all encumbrances now on said property," and the additional power to "sell and dispose of any or all the real estate of which I may die seized or possessed, as though he held an absolute estate to the same, and out of the proceeds pay any of the encumbrances upon any of the property of which I may die seized and possessed," and "the remainder over and above what may be required to pay the indebtedness upon said property, the same now being encumbered, to reinvest in such way as he may see proper, and from time to time sell and reinvest, such reinvestment to continue to be held in trust the same as the estate of which I may die possessed."
It is too plain to admit of dispute that under these ample powers Oyrenius Beers might have secured, by a new mortgage, a loan of the sum of money, at the stipulated rate of interest, necessary to pay his indebtedness to the appellee, and that he might, by a new 'loan from the appellee itself, secured by a new mortgage, upon the same terms and for the same time as granted by the agreement of extension, have raised the money and discharged the mortgage now in suit. Such a transaction would have been strictly within the letter of the authority. And yet it would, in fact, have been nothing but what was accomplished by the agreement of extension, namely, a continuance of the old loan, secured by the old mortgage, for a new term and at a higher rate of interest. The two transactions, though not the same in form, are so in substance, and a substantial execution of the power is all that is required. In the case of Bullock v. .Fladgate,1 Ves. & Beames, 41, where
VOL. cIX-24

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
the power was to convert an estate into money and to purchase other lands, which were the subject of the appointment, the master of the rolls, Sir Win. Grant, no conversion having taken place, but the original estate having been appointed, said:
"I apprehend that equity will uphold an appointment of the estate itself as amounting substantially to the same thing; on which principle it is that appointments deviating considerably from the title of the powers under which they were made, have frequently been supported."
The power to encumber the estate "by way of mortgage or trust deed or otherwise, and renew the same," is broad enough to include the renewal and extension of an existing encumbrance as well as the creation of a new one; and this is not inconsistent with the declaration that it is to be "for the purpose of raising money to pay off any and all encumbrances now on said property." The object clearly was to meet the demand of the existing mortgagee for punctual payment of the debt secured, and to prevent the possible sacrifice of a forced sale to satisfy the demand, if not complied with; an object which could as well be accomplished by extending the existing mortgage as by substituting a new one in its place. The power to renew a mortgage given for the purpose of raising money to pay off an existing encumbrance is expressly given; to renew an existing one, to avoid the necessity of creating a new encumbrance, is, we think, reasonably and fairly to be implied as equally within the intention of the testatrix, and within the scope of the powers created by the will. The extension of a mortgage debt, and continuance of a mortgage lien, is one mode of encumbering the Property, and may be a step, and possibly, under some circumstances, a very important and necessary one, in preparing for its payment and extinguishment. Indeed it might well be, as the transaction' shows the parties to it so understood, that Cyrenius Beers, uniting in himself the various characters of principal debtor and joint mortgagor, and of executor of his wife's will, tenant for life of the estate devised, and trustee with the ample powers conferred upon him of dealing with the encumbrance, was, in reality,

FLASH v. CONN.
Statement of Facts.
constituted by the testatrix as the representative of all the interests created by the will, fully authorized, as if he were absolute owner of the estate, even as she could hax-e done in her lifetime, to consent to the extension of the time of payment of the mortgage debt without prejudice to the mortgage security.
There is no error in the record, and The decee of the circuit ourt i8 afirmed.
FLASH and Others v. CONN.
IN ERROR TO THE CIMOUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA.
Argued November 13th, 1883.-Decided November 20th, 1883.
Conflict of Law-Contrat-Corporation.
1. The liability created by a provision in a general act of the State bf New York for the formation of corporations, that all the stockholders of every company incorporated under it shall be severally individually liable to creditors of the company until the whole amount of the capital stock shall be paid in and certified, is in contract, and not a penalty; and can be enforced by an action sounding in contract against a stockholder found in another State.
2. The courts of New York having held that a liability of a stockholder to creditors arising under one of its general statutes for forming corporations was in contract, when the attempt was made to enforce it in New York, this court follows that interpretation in a suit to enforce such a liability in another State.
3. The liability of a stockholder to a creditor under the 10th section of the general act of the State of New York for forming corporations for manufacturing purposes is a liability in contract, which may be enforced by an action at law. It is not necessary to resort to equity.
The plaintiffs in error, who were the plaintiffs below, brought this suit in the Circuit Court of Escambia County, in the State of Florida, on January 27th, 1876. It was afterwards, on the petition of defendant, removed to the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of Florida.
The declaration alleged that the defendant, on or before

ELLIS v. DAVIS.
Syllabus.
for the negligence of another, and the first of which has been overruled by the later cases in the same State.
This action cannot, therefore, be maintained for the negligence of the engineman in running his engine too fast, or in not giving due notice of its approach.
3. The statute of West Virginia, on which the plaintiff relies, has no application to this case. There is no evidence that the engine which struck the plaintiff was about to cross a highway; and the main, if not the sole, object of the statute evidently was to protect travellers on the highway. O')onndl v. PTrovidence & orcester Railroad Co., 6 R. I. 211 ; Hfarty v. Central Railroad Co., 42 N. Y. 468. It may perhaps.inelude passengers on the trains, or strangers not trespassers on the line of the, road. But it does not supersede the general rule of law which exempts the corporation from liability to its own servants for the fault of their fellow servants.
AJyment afflnned.
ELLIS and Others v. DAVIS.
APPEAL FROX THE CIROUr COURT OF THE UITET STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF LOISLANA..
Argued November 9th and 12th, 1883.-Decided December 10th, 1883.
Conflict of Laws-Constittdional Law--furisdictin---Louisiana-PracticeProbateof Wills-Wills.
1. When an heir at law brings a suit in equity to set aside the probate of a will in Louisiana as null and void, and to recover real estate ; and prays for an accounting of rents and profits by an adverse party in possession, who claims under the will, this court will refuse to entertain the prayer for recovery of possession, if Ahe complainant has a plain, adequate, and complete remedy at the common law. Hipp v. Babin, 19 Howard, 271, affirmed.
2. Circuit courts, as courts of equity, have no general jurisdiction for annulling or affirming the probate of a will. Broderick's Will, 21 Wall. 603, affirmed.
3. Jurisdiction as to wills, and their probate as such, is neither included in nor excepted out of the grant of judicial power to the courts of the United States. So far as it is exparte and merely administrative, it is

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
not conferred, and it cannot be exercised by them at all, until, in a case at law or in equity, its exercise becomes necessary to settle a controversy of which a court of the United States may take cognizance by reason of the citizenship of the parties. 4. If by the law obtaining in a State, a suit whose object is to annul and set aside the probate of a will of real estate can be maintained, it may be maintained in a federal court, when the parties are on one side citizens of the State in which the will is proved, and on .the other citizens of other States. Gainesv. -uentes, 92 U. S. 18, approved. 5. By the laws of Louisiana an-action of revendication is the proper one to be brought for the purpose of asserting the legal title and right of possession of the heir at law to the succession, when another is in possession nuider claim of title by virtue of a -will admitted to probate. In a proper case as to parties this action can be brought in the Circuit Court of the United States. And as it furnishes a plain, adequate and complete remedy at law, it is a bar to the prosecution of a suit in chancery. 6. In regard to the transfer of the Beauvoir estate to the defendant by the testatrix in her lifetime, no fraud is shown to warrant the interference of - a court of equity.
Bill in eqity.by the appellants as heirs at law and next of In to recover possession of real estate, part of which was devised to the appellee, by Sarah .AnnDorsey, by will duly proved in the State of Louisiana, and part of which was situated in :Mississippi and was giyen to him by Mrs. Dorsey in her lifetime, and to set aside the will. as made under undue influence, and the conveyance as obtained by the exercise of undue and improper influence, and to have an accounting of rents and profits. Demurrer to the bill. The bill was dismissed below. The plaintiffs appealed.
Mn. Filli' m _Reed JXll for the appellants. X'r. John D. .cPherson and i'. Calderon Carlislefor the appellee.
MR'. JUSTICE YATrHmWs delivered the opinion of the court. The appellants, who were complainants below, are alleged in the bill of complaint to be, respectively, citizens of New York or Missouri, or British subjects and aliens, the defendant being a citizen of Mississippi. It is set forth in the bill that Sarah Ann Dorsey died on July 4th, 1879, seized in fee simple of certain real estate, consisting

ELLIS v. DAVIS.
Opinion of the Court.
of two plantations in Tensas Parish, in Louisiana, an estate called Beauvoir and other property in Harrison county, iMississippi, and real estate, not described, in Arkansas, besides a large amount of movable and personal property, rights, and credits, also not described; that she died, leaving no heirs in the ascending or descending lines, the appellants being her next of kin and sole legal heirs in'the collateral line, entitled to succeed, in case of intestacy, to the whole of her estate; that during her lifetime, on May 1oth, 1878, Mrs. Dorsey, by a notarial act of procuration, constituted the defendant her agent and attorney in fact, with full and special powers to take exclusive control, charge, and management of all her property and estate, and all transactions and business in any manner connecte l therewith, including the power,
"For. and in her name to sue and t' be' sued, to purchase, lease, alienate, or encumber real estate situate anywhere, to borrow money, execute notes, or other evidences of indebtedness.
",That, in virtue of said agency, the defendant entered upon and assumed the exclusive management of said property and business, and took possession of all account books, title deeds, and papers thereto appertaining, and continued in the exclusive control, management, and possession as said agent to the time said agency expired by the death of the principal, and since her said death has still continued in said exclusive possession, management, and control.
"That though,, on the expiration of said agency, it was incumbent on and the duty of said defendant to render to said heirs, all of whom, and their respective rights, were well known to him, a full, fair, and correct account of his administration of said agency, and to surrender to them, all and singular, the said property, account books, title deeds, papers, &c., which had then come into his possession, and which your orators had well hoped he would have done, yet, on the expiration of his said agency, said defendant, notwithstanding amicable demand, refuses still so to do."
It is further alleged in the bill that the defendant claims that the said Sarah Ann Dorsey, by her last will and testament,

488

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.

Opinion of the Court.

bequeathed to him all her property, for his own sole use and -benefit, and thereby constituted him her sole heir and executor, and that, by viitue thereof, he is entitled in his own right to ·said estate; -and the bill admits that on July 15th, 1879, the

defendant caused to be filed in the Second District Court for the Parish of Orleans an instrument written and signed by Sa ah Ann Dorsey, of which the following is a copy:

"BEAuvoi, HARRIsoN Co., Miss., Tan. 4, 1878.

III, Sarah Ann Dorsey, of Tensas Parish, La., being aware of

the uncertainty of life, and being now in sound health in mind

and body, do make this my last will and testament, which I write,

sign, and seal with my own hand, in the presence of three compe-

tent witnesses, as I'possess property in the States of Louisiana,

Mississippi, and Arkansas. I owe no obligation of any sort what-

ever to any relatioin of my own ; I have done all I could for them

during mylife ; I therefore give and bequeath all my property, real,

personal, and mixed, wherever located and situated, wholly and entirely, and without hindrance or qualification, to my most hon-

ored and esteemed friend, Jefferson Davis, ex-president of the

Confederate States, for his own sole use and benefit, in fee simple,

forever; and I herieby constitute him my sole heir, executor, and

administrator. If Jefferson Davis should not -survive me, I give

all that I have bequeathed to him to his youngest daughter,

Varina. ."I do not intend to share the ingratitude of my country towards

the man who is, in my eyes, the highest and noblest in existence. "1'Intestimony whereof I sign this will, written with my own

hand, in presence of W. T. Watthall, F. S. Hewes, and John C.

Craig, subscribing witnesses, resident in Harrison County, Mis-

sissippi-

"(Signed)

SARAH ANN Dons Y.

"At Mississippi City, on the fourth day of January, eighteen

hundred and seventy-eight, the above-named Sarah Ann Dorsey

signed and sealed this instrument, and published and declared

the same as and for her last will, and.we, in her presence and at

her request, and in the presence of each other., have hereunto sub-

scribed our names as witnesses.

"W. T. WATTHALL.

"F. S: HwEEs.

"JOHN C. CRAIG."

ELLIS v. DAVIS.
Opinion of the Court.
But it is charged that the pretended will is not valid, but is void, because at the time of writing and signing the same Sarah Ann Dorsey was not of sound and disposing mind, because the same was written and signed by her when under the undue influence of the defendant, which undue influence excited and aggravated the causes depriving her of a sound and dis-: posing mind, rendering her more susceptible to such undue influence, and because the motive and object inducing and controlling the testatrix to make the same were contrary to law.
The bill then proceeds to recite in detail a narrative of facts alleged in support of these charges affecting the testamentary capacity of Mrs. Dorsey and the integrity of the execution of the instrument as her testament; and alleges further that the defendant, "1though in nowise ignorant of the premises herein before set forth touching the nullity of said alleged will," nevertheless resorted to proceedings before the Second District Court for the Parish of Orleans for the probate thereof, "ex jgarte and without any previous notification thereof, judicial or extra-judicial." And it is thereupon further alleged:
"That by said proceedings it appears that on the 15th July, 1879, defendant, through his attorneys, filed his certain petition, in which he alleges that by the tenor of the last will and testament of Mrs. Sarah Ann Dorsey, dated 4th January, 1878, he is made
the legatee and executor of the deceased; that said will had been on said day filed, and which he prays might be duly proved according to law; that thereupon an order was obtained that siid will should be proved before the judge of said court forthwith; that in accordance with said order, and on proof that -aid instrument was wholly written, dated, and signed in the handwriting o the testatrix (the only proof essential under the laws of Louisiant. and the practice of its courts for an ex parte probate of an oio. graphical will), and on the further (and unusual in such ex part. probate) sworn statement of two of the subscribing witnesses that "the testatrix, Mrs. Sarah Ann Dorsey, at the time of the execution of the aforesaid will, was of sound and disposing mind," a decree if probate, in usual form, was rendered, decreeing the probate and registry of the will and execution of its provisi6hs, in.

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
cluding the issuing of letters of executorship, on defendant's complying with the provisions of law.
"That by said proceedings it further appears that without previously qualifying as executor or applying for an order of inventory, or in any manner showing to the court the amount of the indebtedness of the succession ; without tendering any security to creditors or deferring his applicatibn for a reasonable time within which creditors might, should they desire, demand of him security, or heirs might contest the validity of the will, or any of its provisions, or the sufficiency of the testimony of its probate-proceedings not only usual, but, as to most of them, essential prerequisites to any demand by a testamentary heir or universal legatee to be put in possession of an estate; yet, notwithstanding this, said defendant, on the said 15th July, by representing to the court that the testatrix left no forced heirs and awed no considerable debt, that he was willing. to accept and take the succession pure and simple, and that in his opinion 'there is no necessity of further administration,' obtained an order, 'That, as the sole and universal legatee of the late Sarah Ann Dorsey, petitioner, Jefferson Davis, be put in possession of all the property, real, personal, and mixed, left by her and wherever situated.'
"That by said proceedings and decrees said Second District Court ceased to have jurisdiction over or regarding the administration of said succession, and, owing to his citizenship and the limited jurisdiction of said court, defendant in the premises ceased to be in any manner further amenable or subject to its jurisdiction.
"1That, although said proceedings and decrees, as your orators are advised, are not res acjudicataagainst them, yet, nevertheless, in virtue thereof, said will and its order of probate are and will remain a muniment of title in defendant to all and singular the estate of said Sarah Ann Dorsey so long as said will and order of probate shall remain unannulled and unrevoked through judicial proceedings had .ontradictorily with said defendant."
-Andit is further alleged that this decree of probate was unadvisedly rendered and should be revoked, cancelled, and recalled, for. the reasons rendering said will, of which it is the probate, null and void, and because the testimony given in support of the probate was false and erroneous, and because, even if uncontradicteO, it would be insufficient.

ELLIS v. DAVIS.
Opinion of the Court.
It is further charged in the bill, that the defendant also claims title to the estate in Mississippi called " Beauvoir," by virtue of a sale to him of said property and a conveyance thereof made by Sarah Ann Dorsey February 19th, 1879, a copy of which is set out, which the applicants aver, however, to be null aid void, for the same reasons on which they allege the will to be void, and because at the time the defendant occupied towards the, said Sarah Ann Dorsey such a relation of trust and confidence, as that he had no right to purchase the property, and that his consent to the sale thereof to himself, without security for the payment of the price, which was.below its value, was a violation of his trust, for which reasons, it is claimed, said sale should be cancelled and annulled.
It is also alleged in the bill, "that, owing to the complicated character of the said agency thus held by defendant, an account thereof, as herein demanded, cannot properly be taken except in a court'of equity."
The prayer of the bill is as follows:
"And that it may be decreed that the said alleged -ill of the said Sarah Ann Dorsey, dated 'Beauvoir, Harrison County, Mississippi, January 4, 1878, and filed in the Second Distiict Court for the parish of Orleans in the record of her succession under No. 41,376 of the docket, on the 15th July, 1879, be cancelled and annulled as absolutely void and of no effect in law; and that the decree of probate of said alleged will, and the decree recognizing said defendant to be the sole and universal legatee of said Sarah Ann Dorsey, and as such ordered to be put in possession of all the property left by her, wherever situateA, both rendered on said 15th July, 1879, and in extenso set forth in Exhibit B, be revoked, cancelled, and recalled as absolutely void and of no effectin law; and that the alleged sale and conveyance of propert situate in, Harrison County, Mississippi, by said Mrs. Dorsey to defendant, on the 19th February, 1879, and in extenso set forth in Exhibit C, be cancelled and annulled as absolutely void and of no effect in7 law, in so far as either said, will, decree of probate, decree 'of possession, or sale, in -any manner to be pleaded by defendant.a recognizing him as testamentary heir and universal legatee of said Sarah Ann Dorsey, or as a muniment of title or legal bai against

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
your orators or their coheirs ag her legal and sole heirs, and as such entitled to tlhe ownership and possession of all and singular the property belonging to her estate, and which in any manner has come into the- possession of said defendant, either as agent or trustee.
"And that it be further decreed that said defendant come to a full dnd fair account of all and singular his acts and doings of his agency under the said act of procuration of May 10th, 1878 ; and that it be decreed the defendant furnish to this honorable court a full and detaile'd statement of all properties, real and personal, of said Sarah Ann Dorsey, which came into his possession or under his control and management as her agent, or of which he has taken possession under and by virtue of said alleged will or said decrees of the Second District Court of July 15th, 1879, or said alleged sale of February 19th, 1879.
"And that it be further decreed that said defendant at once surrender unto your orators, and, if so desired by them, jointly with their coheirs, the possession of all said property, including all books, papers, evidences, title-deeds, &c., which, belonging to said estate, at any time since May 10th, 1878, has come into his possession.
"And that defendant be perpetually enjoined and restrained by the decree of this court from setting up or pleading said alleged will, said decree of probate, said decree of possession, and said act of sale, or any title, right, or claim thereunder, against your orators as next of kin and legal heirs of said Mrs. Sarah Ann Dorsey.
"And that it be further decreed that defendant make a full and true discovery and disclosure of and concerning all and singular the transactions and matters appertaining to or connected with his said agency, as well during the lifetime as since the death of his principal. And that defendant may be decreed to come to an account with your orators, to be taken by and under the direction and decree of this honorable court, of all his dealings and transactionsunder the agency assumed by him under the act of procuration of May 10th, 1878, or as trustee since Mrs. Dorsey's death, and to pay over to your orators what shall be found due to them by defendant upon the taking of said account."
To this bill the defendant below fied a demurrer, which de-

ELLIS v. DAVIS.
Opinion of the Court
murrer was sustained and a decree rendered dismissing the bill without prejudice, to reverse which this appeal is prosecuted.
One of the main objects of this bill is to obtain from the de, fendant an account of the rents and profits received by him of the estate formerly belonging to Sarah Ann Dorsey, and, in order thereto, a declaration that the legal title to that estate is vested in them as her heirs at law and next of kin, ina decree that the alleged will under which the defendant claims, and the probate thereof, are nill and void. It is admitted that the de, fendant is in possession, and that he holds adversely to the appellants; and there is a prayer in the bill for a recovery of the possession. In no respect does it differ from the frame of the bill in Hipp v. Babi, 19 Howard, 271.
In that case the complainaits sought by a bill in equity to recover possession of real estate to which they claimed title, as against a judicial sale, alleged to be void as against them, under ,which .the defendants were in possession, and also for an account of rents and profits. The court refused to entertain the prayer for the recovery of the possession, on the ground that the remedy of the complainants at law was plain and adequate. It was urged that the bill would, nevertheless, lie for the. account. To this Mr. Justice Campbell, delivering the opinion of the court, replied as follows:
"Nor can the court retain the bill under an impression that a court of chancery is better adapted for the adjustment of the account for rents, profits, and improvements. The rule of the court is, that when a suit for the recovery of the possession can be properly brought in a court of equity, and a decree is given, that court will direct an account as an incident in the cause. liut when a party has a right to a possession which he can enforce at law, his right to the rents and profits is also a legal right, and must be enforced in the same jurisdiction. The instances where bills for an account of rents and profits have been maintained are those in which special grounds have been stat.ed to show that courts of law could not give a plain, adequate, and complete remedy. No in, stances exist where a person who had been successful at law had been allowed to file a bill for an account of rents and profits during the tortious possession held against him; or in which the complex.,

OCTOBER ]ERT., 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
ity of the account has afforded a moti-. ror the interposition of a court of chancery to decide the title and to adjust the account."
This case was cited and its doctrine approved and applied in the recent case of Boot v. _Raibway Co., 105 U. S. 189-212.
In the present bill no circumstances are alleged to except the case from the general rule. The defendant did not sustain towards the complainants at any time any relation of trust and confidence; he was not their agent; and any right which they can assert against him for the rents and profits of the estate is altogether dependent upon their title to that estate, and cannot arise until that has beeh established. The title which they assert to that is not an equitable, but a legal title, as heirs at law and next of kin of Sarah Ann Dorsey, and is to be established and enforced by a direct proceeding at law for the recovery of the possession which they allege the appellee illegally 'ithholds. There is no ground, therefore, on which the bill can be supported for the account as prayed for.
It is contended, however, for. the appellants that the bill ought to have been maintained, for the purpose of decreeing the invalidity of the will of Mrs. -Dorsey and annulling the probate, so far at least as it gave effect to the will as a muniment of title.
It is well settled that no such jurisdiction belongs to the circuit courts of the-United States, as courts of equity; for courts of equity, as such, by virtue of their general authority to enforce equitable rights and remedies, do not administer relief in such cases. The question in this aspect was- thoroughly -considered and finally settled by the decision of this court in the case of Broderick'8 T ll, 21 Wall. 503. It was elaborately considered and finally determined in England by the House of Lords in the case of Allen v. _YekPhemon, 1 House of Lords' Cas. 191. In that country, it was undoubtedly the practice of the courts of chancery to entertain bills to perpetuate the testimony of the witnesses to a will devising lands, at the suit of the, devisee against the heir at law, it being alleged that the latter disputed its validity; and this, as Blackstone says, 3 BI. Com. 450, "is what is usuallymeant in proving a will in chan-

ELLIS v. DAVIS.
Opinion of the Court.
cery." It is also true, that a bill in equity, in the nature, of a bill of peace, or qui timet, would lie at the suit of a devisee against the heir at law, in which the validity of the will having been sustained by the verdict of a jury on'the trial of an issue, deviavit ve non, a decree might be passed establishing the will and the title of the devisee under it, and perpetually enjoining the heir at law from setting up any claim of.title against it. Story on Equity Jurisprudence, § 1447. The heir at law, it was formerly held, was not entitled to file such a bill, for he could bring his action of ejectment, and thus had his remedy at law; although such a bill would be entertained if not objected to, or if there were any impediments to the proper trial of the merits on such an action. Bootle v. Blundell, 19 Ves. Jr. Oh. R. 494. The modern rule is "that the usual and generally more convenient practice is to enable the heir t.proceed by ejectment, but that it is open to the court to direct an issue, if from any cause that course appears desirable." Boy8e v. 1ossborough,6 House of Lords' Cas. 1-42. The manifest ground on which courts of equity in England proceeded, in declining the jurisdiction in, question was, that as to wills of personalty, the jurisdiction of courts of probate was exclusive, and that as to devises, the remedy at law was plain, adequate, and complete. In this country, from a time anterior to the adoption of the Constitution, the same distinction of jurisdiction has existed, all probate and testamentary matters having been confided either to separate courts of probate, under different denominations, or a special jurisdiction over them having been vested in courts having jurisdiction also over other subjects. For reasons growing out of our policy, which subjected real estate equally ith personalty to the payment of debts, and in other respects freed it from feudal fetters, the probate jurisdiction was extended, but with varying effect in different States, over wills of land, as well as of personal chattels; preserving, however, in some form, the rights and remedies of heirs at law to contest their validity.
But it was almost universally recognized that no will could have effect, for any purpose, until admitted to probate and record by the local authority, although in some States, while the original probfe was conclusive until set aside, for all put-

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
poses and as to all persons, in others it was conclusive, while in force at all, only as to personalty and for the purposes of administration, and'not as a muniment of title as to devises. In States where it is held to have a conclusive force, formal modes are prescribed of contesting the validity of the instrument as a will, and of the regularity and legality of the probate, by suits regularly instituted solely for that purpose, and interpartme; but such proceedings are generally regarded as the exercise of probate jurisdiction, even if administered in courts other than that of original probate, but the judgment, as in other cases inter par8, binds only parties and privies. In those States where the probate, although conclusive while in force as to personalty and for the purposes of administration merely, is only pirafacie evidence where the will is relied on as a muniment of title to real estate, its validity may become a question to be tried whenever and wherever a litigation arises doncerning real property, the title to which is affected by it, just as in England, in actions of ejectment between the heir and the devisee, or those claiming through them." In a State, of which 1few"York is an example, where, by its law, its own courts of general civil jurisdiction are authorized thus incidentally and collaterally to try and determine the question of the validity of a willt and its probate in a suit involving the title to real property, there can be no question but that the circuit courts of the United States might have jurisdiction of such a suit by reason of the citizenship of the parties, and in exercising it would be authorized and required to determine, as a court administering the law of that State, the same questions. And where provision is made by the laws of a State, as is the case in many, for trying the question of the validity of a will already admitted to probate, by a litigation between parties in which that is the sole question, with the effect, if the judgment shall be in the negative, of rendering the probate void for all purposes as between the parties and those in privity with them, it may be that the courts of the United States have jurisdiction, under existing provisions of law, to administer the remedy and establish the right in a case where the controversy is -wholly between citizens of different States. The judicial power of the

ELLIS v. DAVIS.
Opinion of the Court.
United States extends, by the terms of the Constitution, "to controversies between citizens of different States ;" and on the supposition, which is not admitted, .that this embraces only such as arise in cases "in law and equity," it does not necessarily exclude those which. may involve the exercise of jurisdiction in reference to the proof of validity of wills. The original probate, of course, is mere matter of State regulation, and depends entirely upon the local law; for it is that law which confers the power of making wills, and prescribes the conditions upon which alone they may take effect; and as, by the law in almost all the States, no instrument can be effective as a will until proved, no rights in relation to it, capable of being contested between parties, can arise until preliminary probate has been first made. Jurisdiction as to wills, and their probate as such, is neither included in nor excepted out of the grant of judicial power to. the courts of the United States. So far as it is e parte and merely administrative, it is not conferred, and it cannot be exercised by them at all until, in a case at law or in equity, its exercise becomes necessary to settle a controversy of which a court of the United States may take cognizance by reason of the citizenship of the parties. It has often been decided by this court that the terms "law" and "equity," as used in the Constitution, although intended to mark and fix the distinction between the two systems of jurisprudence as known and practised at the time.of its adoption, do not restrict the jurisdiction conferred by it to the very rights and remedies then recognized and employed, but embrace as well not only rights newly created by statutes of the States, as in cases of actions for the loss occasioned to survivors by the death of a person caused by the wrongful act, neglect, or default of -another (Raivay Co. v. TFhitton, 13 Wall. 270, 287; Dennickv. ailroadCo., 103 U. S. 11), but new forms of remedies to be administered in the courts of the United States, according to the nature of the case, so as to save to suitors the right of trial by jury in cases in which they are entitled to it, according to the course and analogy of the common law. Exp1arte Boyd, 105 UT. S. 64T; Boom Co. v. Pateron,98 U. S. 403.
In Hyde v. Stone, 20 How. 170-175, it was said by Mr. VOL. cix-32

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
Justice Campbell, delivering its opinion, that "the court has repeatedly decided that the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States over controversies between citizens of different States cannot be impaired by the laws of the States, which prescribe the modes of redress in their courts, or which regulate the distribution of their judicial power."
In Payne v. Hook, 7 Wall. 425, it was decided that the jurisdiction of the circuit court of the United States, in a case for equitable relief, was not excluded because, by the laws of the State, the matter was within the exclusive jurisdiction of its, probate courts; but, as in all other cases of conflict between jurisdictions of independent and concurrent authority, that which has first acquired possession of the res, which is the subject of the litigation, is entitled to administer to it. W'lla 8 v. Benedict, 8 How. 107; Bank of Tennessee v. Horn, 17 How. 157; TYonley v. Lavender, 21 Wall. 276; Taylor v. Carryl, 20 How. 583; Freemanv. Howe, 24 Row. 150; Hook v. Payne, 450; 14 Wall. 252.
It was said by this court in Gaines v. Fuente8, 92 IT. S. 1018, Mr. Justice Field delivering its opinion, that
" "The Constitution imposes no limitation upon the class of cases involving controversies between citizens of different States, to which the, judicial power of the United States may be extended; and Congress may, therefore, lawfully provide for bringing, at the option of either of 'the parties, all such controversies within the jurisdiction of the federal judiciary."
And, referring to the nature of suits which, as in that case, sought to annul the probate of a will and adjudge it to be invalid, the court further said (p. 20):
"And if by the' law obtaining in the State, customary or statutory, they can be maintained in a State court, whatever designation that court may bear, we think they may be maintained by original process in a federal court, where the parties are, on the one side, citizens of Louisiana, and, on the other, citizens of other States."
As that was a case in which the sole question .decided was

ELLIS v. DAVIS.
Opinion of the Court.
the right of the defendant to remove the cause from the State court to the Circuit Court of the United States, under the act of March 2d, 1876, 14 Stat. 558, it was assumed, and not decided, that the said suit brought in the State court was one which, under the laws of the State, its courts were authorized to entertain for the purpose of granting the relief prayed for. The point decided was, that if it were it might properly be transferred to a court of the United States.
It remains, therefore, in the present case to inquire whether the complainants are entitled, under the laws of Louisiana, to draw in question, in this mode and with a view to the decree sought, the validity of the will of Sarah Ann Dorsey and the integrity of its probate.
An examination of the decisions of the Supreme Court of Louisiana on the subject will disclose that a distinction is made in reference to proceedings to annul a will and its probate, according to the objects to be accomplished by the judgment and the relation of the parties to the subject. If the administration of the succession is incomplete and in j?&q, and the object is to alter or affect its course, the application must be made to the court of probates, which, in that case, .has possession of the subject and exclusive jurisdiction over it. If, on the other hand, the succession has been closed, or has proceeded so far that the parties entitled under the will have been put in possession of their rights to the estate, then the resort of adverse claimants must be to an action of revendication in the courts of general jurisdiction, in which the legal title is asserted as against the will claimed to be invalid, making an issue involving that question.
In 0']Donogan v. Knox, 11 La. 384, the Supreme Court of Louisiana said:
"It appears then that the jurisdiction of the courts of probate is limited to claims against successions for money, and that all claims for real property appertain to the ordinary tribunals, and .are denied to courts of probate. The plaintiff in this case was therefore compelled, in suing for the property of the succession, to seek redress in the district court, and whether she attacked the will, or

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
the defendant set it up as his title to the property, the court having the cognizance of the subject must of necessity examine into its legal effect. And although the will may have been admitted to probate and 'an order given for its execution, yet these are only preliminary proceedings necessary for the administration of the estate, and not a judgment binding on those who are not parties to them. When, therefore, in an action of revendication a testament with probate becomes a subject of controversy, it will surely not be contended that a court of ordinary jurisdiction, having cognizance of the principal matter, shall suspend its proceedings until another court of limjited power shall pronounce upon the subject; for in that case the ordinary courts would sub'mit to another tribunal the decision of the main question in the cause, without right of trial by jury, and would have little else to do than to comply with its decree."
In Robert v. Allier's -Agent, 1T La. 4, the same court said:
"On the question of jurisdiction arising from the state of the case we understand the distinction repeatedly made by this court to be that whenever the validity or legality of a will is attacked and put at issue (as in the present case) at the time that an order for its execution is applied for, or after it has been regularly probated and ordered to be executed, but previous to the heirs or legatees coming into possession of the estate under it, courts of probate alone have jurisdiction to declare it void, or to say that it shall not be executed. This is the purport and extent of the decision 'in the case of Zewis' Heirs v. His .Eecutoms,6 La. 387 ; C.
of Pr., Art. 924, § 1. But when an action of revendication is in-
stituted by an heir at law against,the testamentary heir or universal legatee, who has been put in possession of the estate, and who sets up the will as his title to the property, district courts are the proper tribunals in which such suits must be brought. 6 Martin's
N. S.- 263 ; 2 La. Rep. 23 ; 11 La. Rep. 388."
In 1?acws v. _Rachal, 1 Rob. (La.) 115, it is also said:
"We cannot consider the question of jurisdiction as an open one. ,The doctrine is now well settled that in a suitfor property, whether the plaintiff attacks the will under which it is held or the defendant sets it up as his title to the property claimed, the

ELLIS v. DAVIS.
Opinion of the Court.
courts of ordinary jurisdiction before whom the principal matter, to wit, the action of revendication, is brought, must of necessity pronounce on the validity of the will which is thus drawn in question. The proceedings had in the court of probate for the settlement of the estate, such as the probate of the will and the order given for its execution, cannot have the effect contended for by the appellant; they cannot be considered as a judgment binding on the plaintiffs, who were not parties to them." '
In Sucee8in of DuTle&m8, 10 IRob. (La) 193, it is said:
"This court has often held that the admission of a will to probate, and the order given for its execution, are only preliminary proceedings necessary for the Administration of the estate, and do not amount to a judgment binding on those who are not parties thereto."
To the same effect are Suecesm& of .Dupuy,4 La. Ann. 570 ; &oAle v. Dup/esi, 2 La. Ann. 724; A6ton v. Abston,15 La. Ann. 137.
In Shar.p v. Znox,2 La. 23, it was said:
"The petitioner himself shows that the defendant holds the property claimed from him under a will and confirmatory act, which she seeks to set aside. This she cannot effect except in a court of'ordinary jurisdiction, i.e., in the district court."
In Hoover'8 Sucesion v. York, 30 La. Ani. 'T52, the suit was simply to annul a will and the probate of a will, and to have certain persons plaintiff declared heirs and entitled to take as such. This, it was declared, was purely a probate proceeding, and cognizable alone by thd parish court in which the succession was opened. "It was a matter incidentalto the opening and settlement of the succession."
And the same principle governed the decision in Bla&iniv. Bl8ini'8 Succemion, 30 La. Ann. 1388. That was an application in the probate court on the part of forced heirs, demanding that their rights as such, known under the law of Louisiana as their lUgitime, of which their ancestor could not deprive them by his testament, should be recognized, so that they might

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
receive their share of the succession. The effect of allowing it would be not to annul or invalidate the will, but merely to displace it, in the administration of the succession, to the extent required by their indefeasible interest in it. It was objected to the jurisdiction of the court that the succession had been closed by a previous judgment sending the widow and testamentaxy heir into possession; but the exception was overruled on the ground that,the suit was of probate jurisdiction.
In Gibon v. Dooley, 32 La. Ann. 959, an action to annul a will, it was held, might be brought in the parish court, although the succession had been closed by a delivery of the property to the instituted heir. The rule, as laid down in Robert v. Allier, 11 La. 15, was cited and approved, but was held not to apply.
The reason was given in these words:
"Here no action of revendication was instituted, but simply a suit for the nullity of the will. There is no prayer for ejectment or that plaintiffs may be put,into or quieted in their possession of property claimed under the will."
By the law of Louisiana, C. of Pr., art. 4, a real action is given, which relates to claims made on immovable property, or to the immovable rights to which they are subjected, the object of which is the ownership or the possession of such, property, and, when prosecuted by one having the title against the person in possession, is called the petitory action, and is the proper action for the recovery of an universality of things, such as an inheritance. -C.of Pr., art. 12. It is an action of revendication, C. of Pr., art. 43, and is the proper one to be brought for the purpose of asserting the legal title and consequent right of possession of the-heir at law to the succession, when another is in possession under claim of title by virtue of a will admitted to probate, as is abundantly shown by the citations already made from the decisions of the Supreme Court of Louisiana. We entertain no doubt that this action can be brought in a proper case as to parties in the circuit court of the United States.
The Louisiana Code of Practice, art. 556, et 8eq., provides for

ELLIS v. DAVIS.
Opinion of the Court.
an action of nullity, whereby definite judgments may be revised, set aside, or reversed, which may proceed either on the ground of vices of form or upon the merits, as that the judgment was obtained through fraud, and is a separate action, commenced by petition, the adverse parties being cited as in other suits. This action, with reference to the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States, was the subject of consideration in Barrow v. Jltuntonr, 99 U. S. 80; but the present is not an action of that description, for the relief prayed for is recovery of the possession of the inheritance, which, we have seen, must be prosecuted in an action of revendication. Whether the probate of a will is a definite judgment which can be the subject of an action of nullity under these provisions of the Code of Practice, is a question, therefore, which we are not callel upon to discuss or decide. The case of Gainesv. Fuentes, 92 U. S. 10, was such an action of nullity, but, as before remarked, the point decided in that case was not that it would lie, according to the law of Louisiana, but that if it would lie in the State court it was removable to the circuit court of the United States, because it presented a controversy wholly between citizens of different States.
The present suit is not an action of nullity, because it prays for the recovery of possession of the, inheritance, to which the appellants claim the legal title as heirs dt law of Sarah Ann Dorsey. That claim, as has been shown, is properly the subject of an action of revendication, which furnishes a plain, adequate and complete remedy at law, and consequently constitutes a bar to the prosecution of a bill in chancery.
There is nothing left, therefore, as a ground of support for the present bill, except so much of the case made By it as rests upon the prayer for the cancellation of tle sale and conveyance of the Beauvoir estate by Mrs. Dorsey in her lifetime. That relief is claimed in part on the ground of a constructive fraud, growing out of the defendant's relation to her at the time as a confidential agent; but we see nothing in the circumstances as detailed to forbid such a transaction between the parties, and the charges of actual fraud and undue influence applicable to this sale, considered as detached from the rest of

OCTOBER TERM, 1888.
Syllabus.
the case, are not of such character, even when admitted by the demurrer, as in law would justify a recission. And as the case for relief as to this sale is not made independently, but only as part of the whole case intended to be presented by the bill, we conclude that it must fal with the rest.
The demurrer was rightly sustained and the bill properly dismissed.
Te decree is afflrmed.
TOWNSEND v. LITTLE and Others.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE TERRITORY OF UTAH.
Argued November 26th, 1883.-Decided December 10th, 1888.
Constructive .Zotice-Deed,--raud--SecrelTrust-Statutea--Utah.
A, having acquired the right to occupy a tract of land in Salt Lake City, took possession of it and erected a public house thereon, and lived in it with his wife and B, his polygamous wife, carrying on a hotel there. He ceased to maintain relations with B, as his polygamous wife, but he being desirous to have the benefit of her services, both concealed this fact. He made a secret agreement with her, that if she would thus remain she should have one-half interestin the property. Ie acquired title to the property from the mayor under the provisions of the act of March 2, 1867, 14 Stat. 541, without any disclosure of the secret agreement. Subsequently A's interest therein passed into the hands of innocent third parties for value, without notice of the claim of B under the secret agreement: Held,
1. That B had no rights in the premises as against innocent bona fide encumbrancers and purchasers without notice of her claim.
2. That the joint occupation of the premises by A and B, under the circumstances, was no constructive notice of B's claim of right.
8. The territorial act under which a deed of the property was made to A by the mayor, directed that "deeds of conveyance of the same shall be 6xecuted by the mayor of the city or town, under seal of the corporation." A general'act of the Territory at the time the deed was made required deeds to be witnessed. The deed to A bore thb corporate seal, as required by the special act; but was not witnessed: Held, that the special act controlled the general act, and that the deed was good.
By an act of Congress passed March 3d, 1867, entitled "An Act for the relief of the inhabitants of cities and towns

MOORE v. PAGE.
Statement of Facts.
form had been neglected the defendant might not have successfully contended that the complainant had neglected to meet the requirements of the statute. Besides, the act of 1867 did not, upon its face, show that the funds of the corporation would be insufficient to meet its debts in full. When the execution issued the trustees might, for aught that the judgment creditor knew, have caused it to be satisfied, and thereby dispensed with further proceedings upon the complainant's part against those who were supposed to have unlawfully received the property of the corporation. It was proper, therefore, that a creditor, desiring to resort to the special remedies reserved to him, should attempt by execution to secure payment of his judgment against the corporation before resorting to a court of equity.
For these reasons we are of opinion that the complainant's cause of action should not be deemed to have accrued until the return of the execution; consequently his suit was not barred by the limitation of six years.
Te decree i8 afirmed.
MOORE & Another v. PAGE & Another.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS.
Submitted November 26th, 1883.-Decided March 24th, 1834.
Fraudulent Conveyance-lHusband and Wife.
A husband may settle a portion of his property upon his wife, if he does not thereby impair the claims of existing creditors, and the settlement is not intended as a cover to future schemes of fraud.
When a husband settles a portion of his property on his wife it should not be mingled up or confounded with that which he retains, or be left under his management or control without notice that it belongs to her.
This was a creditor's bill to reach property conveyed by the debtor to his wife, and have it applied to the payment of the debt. The decree below sustained the conveyance, from which the creditor appealed.

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
3r. iT7. 1elm for appellants.
.ir. EdwardS. Ishaim and .3Lr. William Burry for appellee Page; .Mr. George . Smith for other appellees.
MR. JUSTICE FIELD delivered the opinion of the court. It is no longer a disputed question that a husband may settle a portion of his property upon his wife, if he does not thereby impair the claims of existing creditors, and the settlement is not intended as a cover to future schemes of fraud. The settlement may be made either by the purchase of property and taking a deed thereof in her name, or by its transfer to trustees for her benefit. And his direct conveyance to her, when the fact that it is intended as such settlement is declared in the instrument or otherwise clearly established, will be sustained in equity against the claims of creditors. The technical reasons of the common law growing out of the unity of husband and wife, which preclude a conveyance between them upon a valuable consideration, will not in such a case prevail in equity and defeat his purpose. Sh epard v. Sl epard, 7 Johns. Ch. 57;
-Huntv. Johnson, 44 N. Y. 27; Story's Equity, § 1380; Pome-
roy's Equity, § 1101; Dale v. Lincoln, 62 Ill. 22; Deming v. Williams, 26 Conn. 226; ilaraman v. iaraman,4 Met. Ky. 84; Sims v. Rickets, 35 Ind. 181 ; Story v. J3farshall, 24 Texas, 305; T]iompson v. Jffills, 39 Ind. 528. Such is the purport of our decision in Jones v. Clfton, 101 U. S. 225. His right to make the settlement arises from the power which every one possesses over his own property, by which he can make any disposition of it that does not interfere with the existing rights of others. As he may give it or a portion of it to strangers, or for objects of charity, without any one being able to call in question either his power or right, so he may give it to those of his own household, to his wife or children. Indeed, settlements for their benefit are looked upon with favor and are upheld by the courts. As we said in Jones v. Clifton : "In all cases where a husband makes a voluntary settlement of any portion of his property for the benefit of others who stand in such a relation to him as to create an obligation, legally or

MOORE v. PAGE.
Opinion of the Court.
morally, to provide for them, as in the case of a wife, or children, or parents, the only question that can properly be asked is, does such a disposition of the property deprive others of any existing claims to it? If it does not, no one can complain, if the transfer is made matter of public record and be not designed as a scheme to defraud future creditors. And it cannot make any difference through what channels the property passes to the party to be benefited, or to his or her trustee, whether it be by direct conveyance from the husband, or through the intervention of others."
Whilst property thus cdnveyed as a settlement upon the wife may be held as her separate estate, beyond the control of her husband, it is of the utmost importance to prevent others from being misled into giving credit to him upon the property, that it should not be mingled up and confounded with that which he retains, or be left under his control and management without evidence or notice by record that it belongs to her. Where it is so mingled, or such notice is not given, his conveyance will be open to suspicion that it was in fact designed as a cover to schemes of fraud.
In this case there was much looseness; and the transactions between the husband and the wife touching the property were well calculated to excite suspicion. It is, therefore, with much hesitation that we accept the conclusion of the Circuit Court. We do so only because of its finding that there was no deception or fraud intended by either husband or wife; that the appellants were not led to give him any credit upon the property, but acquired their interest in the judgment which they are seeking to have satisfied long after the transactions complained of occurred; that the title to the Dearborn Avenue property was taken by mistake in his name, and that the mistake was rectified before this litigation commenced ; that the bonds and notes in bank which the creditors seek to reach represent the money advanced by her from the sale of that property for the purpose of meeting an alleged deficit in his account as administrator of the estate of Maxwell, and in equity belong to that estate; that the money applied in satisfaction of the mortgage upon the Lincoln Avenue property was part of

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
the proceeds of that sale, and that she was entitled to have the conveyance to her from Mrs. Maxwell treated as security for that money. Such being the case, the creditors have no claim upon the bonds and notes superior in equity to that of the Maxwell estate, nor upon the Lincoln Avenue property superior to that of the wife.
Decree afirmed.
GARRETSON v. CLARK & Another.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
Argued January 15th, 1881.-Decided March 24th, 1884.
Patent.
When a patent is for an improvement of an existing machine or contrivance, the patentee in a suit for damages for infringement must either show by reliable, tangible proof that the value of the machine or contrivance as a whole is due to the use of his patented invention, or he must separate and apportion, by proof of the same character, the part of the defendant's profits which are derivable from the use of it, in order to establish a claim for more than nominal damages.
This was a suit in equity for infringement of a patent for an improved mop-head. The sole question raised was whether the evidence of damages warranted a judgment for more than nominal damages.
_Jfr. James A. Allen for appellant.
ir. Villiam F. Coggswell for appellee.
MR. JUSTICi FIELD delivered the opinion of the court. In this case the court below sustained the plaintiff's patents, adjudged that the defendants were infringers, and directed a reference to a master, to ascertain and report the profits and gains made by the defendants. The master reported that no proof was presented to him that they had made any profit, or

GAINES v. MILLER.
Statement of Facts.
upon which appellants ask the reversal of the decree is well founded. Other exceptions were taken during the course of the jury trial, but no assignments of error are founded upon them.
Upon an examination of the whole record, we are convinced that the decree of the District Court, which was affirmed by the Supreme Court of the Territory of Montana, was according to "the right of the cause and matter of law." It is plain the appellants had no case.
Decree affirmed.
GAINES v. MILLER, Administrator.
APPEAL FROMA THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR TIE EASTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI.
Argued April 9th, 1884.-Decided April 21st1,884.
Efquity-Prineip)aland Agent.
The lawful representative, of a deceased person who ratifies sales of property made by an agent of executors in their own wrong, may maintain an action at law against the agent for money had and received to recover the proceeds of the sale in his hands.
The ratification extends to all the dealings on the subject between the agent and his principals ; and if the principals have converted the simple debt into a judgment, the lawful representative is bound by it.
In Missouri the excuse for avoiding the operation of the statute of limitations, that the debtor by absconding or concealing himself prevented the coinmencenent of an action, is available in actions at law as well as in equity. § 3244 Rev. Stat. Mo.
This bill was filed by the appellant on May 11th, 1880. Its material allegations were as follows: The appellant was born in 1806, and was the daughter of the late Daniel Clark of the city of New Orleans. On July 13th, 1813, Clark duly executed his last will and testament, by which he devised and bequeathed to the appellant all his estate. le died August 16th, 1813. Appellant did not know that she was the daughter of Clark until 1831. On June 18th of that year she propounded for probate in the Parish Court for the Parish of Orleans, Louisi-

OCTOBER TERM, 183.
Statement of Facts.
ana, his last will, and after a litigation of more than twenty years it was admitted to probate on February 23d, 1856. In the mean time, in the year 1827, she had become of age, in 1832 she was married to William W. Whitney, who died in 1838, and in 1.846 she was married to General Edmund P. Gaines. Gen. Gaines died in 1858, and appellant has since remained a widow.
A short time after the death of Clark, in 1813, Richard Relf and Beverly Chew "began to act as executors of his estate in their own wrong and without authority of law, under a will of Clark executed in the year 1811, which had been revoked by his will of 1813." By power of attorney, they appointed Samuel Hammond, the defendant's intestate, their agent to sell and convey the lands belonging to the estate of Clark lying in, the State of Missouri. Hammond, prior to April 9th, 1819, sold lands and received therefor, over and above the credits and commissions to which he was entitled, the sum of $6,841.80. Relf and Chew sued Hammond for the money so received by him, and in August, 1819, recovered a judgment against him therefor. On October 8th, 1823, an execution was issued on the judgment and levied on lands of Hammond, being the north half of New Madrid, survey No. 2,500, which were bought in by Relf and Chew, and the purchase money thereof, to wit, $427.77, credited on the judgment. Hammond was a resident of Missouri from about the year 1815 until December, 18214, when, being insolvent and indebted to the estate of Clark for the balance due on said judgment, he fraudulently absconded and secretly left the State of Missouri, concealing himself from appellant by travelling to places unknown to her. He went to the State of South Carolina, where he lived until his death, which took place in August, 1842. No letters of administration were taken out on the estate of Hammond until October 25th, 1879, when property of his estate in the State of Missouri having been discovered, letters were granted to the appellee, Charles Miller, by the Probate Court of the City of St. Louis.
The prayer of the bill was, that the court would decree that the estate of Hammond was indebted to appellant in the sum

GAINES v. MILLER.
Opinion of the Court.
of money demanded, namely, $6,841.80, with the interest thereon, and that she was equitably entitled to recover the same in this suit.
The defendant filed a demurrer to the bill on the following among other grounds: (1) Because the case stated in the bill is one of which a court of equity has no jurisdiction; and (2) because the bill shows that a suit had been brought by those recognized by the court as the lawful representatives of Daniel Clark, and that more than sixty years ago judgment had been rendered therein against Hammond for the same money for which this suit was brought, and that such judgment had never been vacated or reversed.
The Circuit Court sustained the demurrer and dismissed the bill, and the complainant appealed.
Mr. Briltton A. Hill for appellant submitted on his brief.
lflr. lIenry I1 Denison for appellee.
Xn. JUSTICE WooDs delivered the opinion of the court. lie stated the facts in the foregoing language, and continued:
The demurrer was properly sustained on both grounds. The theory of the bill, as appears from its averments and as it is stated by counsel for appellant, is that appellant is the proper party to sue, in her own name, for the proceeds of the lands of her father's estate, sold by Hammond in 1819 under power of attorney from Relf and Chew, and that by bringing this suit she affirms and ratifies the sale. The appellant having ratified the sale, the only obligation which can rest upon Hammond's administrator is to pay over to the appellant the money received by Hammond as the consideration of the sale. It is, therefore, simply a case of money had and received by him for the use of appellant, and a declaration in assumpsit on the common counts would have fully stated the appellant's cause of action. Whenever one person has in his hands money equitably belonging to another, that other person may recover it by assumpsit for money had and received. Pickardv. Bankes, 13 East, 20; Spralt v. I obiouse,

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
4 Bing. 173; Israel v. Douglass, 1 Hen. B1. 239; Beardsley v. ]?oot, 11 Johns. 464; Ihale v. ffarston, 17 Mass. 575; Claflin v. Godfrey, 21 Pick. 1. The remedy at law is adequate and complete.
There is no averment in the bill of complaint of any ground of equity jurisdiction. iNo trust is alleged, no discovery is sought. The appellant has no lien on the property of Hammond's estate, and avers none. The only semblance of a fraud alleged is, that Hammond fraudulently absconded and secretly left the State of Missouri, concealing himself by travelling in places unknown to the appellant. But this averment does not relate to the cause of action. It is only made as an excuse for not bringing the suit at an earlier time, and to take the case out of the bar of the statute of limitations. The law of Missouri, Revised Statutes, see. 3244, provides, that if any person, by absconding or concealing himself, prevent the commencement of an action, such action may be commenced within the time limited by the statute, after the commencement of such action shall h.ave ceased to be so prevented. The excuse made by appellant for not sooner bringing her suit was, therefore, available in an action at law. Having found assets of Hammond's estate in Missouri, and an administrator having been appointed, an action at law was the plain and adequate method for the recovery of the appellant's rights. The Circuit Court, sitting as a court of equity, had, therefore, no jurisdiction of the case. hlipp v. Babin, 19 How. 271.
The'second ground of demurrer is also well taken. The appellant, by ratifying the sale made by Relf and Chew, through their agent, Hammond, ratified the acts of Relf and Chew in respect to the purchase money received by Hammond. If Hammond, as their agent, had paid over to them the money received from the sales made by him, the appellant could not, having ratified the sale, repudiate the payment. If a principal ratifies that which favors him, he ratifies the whole. S/inner v. Dayton, 19 Johns. 513, 554; Odiorne v. Maxey, 113 Mass. 178, 182 ; fenlins v. Watson, 27 Missouri, 163 ; Snall v. Atwood, 6 Clark & Finn. 232. By ratifying the sale, the appellant places herself in the position of Relf and Chew, and

GAINES v. MILLER.
Opinion of the Court.
Hammond has the same rights against her as he had against them.
Relf and Chew having sued Hammond and recovered judgment against him for the money received by him, the demand for the money was merged in the judgment. They could not bring suit on the claim for the money. Biddleson v. WNti, 1 W. 131. 506; lTVymam v. Cochrane, 35 Ill. 152. Neither could the appellant. Their only remedy was to enforce the judgment or to bring another suit upon it. If the judgment was paid, I.Fammond was discharged from any demand either by Rolf and Chew or the appellant.
There is a conclusive presumption of law that the judgment has been paid. By an act of the Territorial legislature passed January 20th, 1816, the common law of England was adopted as the law of the Territory of Missouri. By the common law, the lapse of twenty years, without explanatory circumstances, affords a presumption of law that the debt is paid, even though it be due by specialty. Oswald v. _Leg, 1 Term, 270; -esley v. Von s, 7 S. & R. 410; Jackson v. Wood, 12 Johns. 242; Best on Presumptions, § 137.
And, by the Revised Statutes of Missouri of 1835, page 396, it was provided as follows:
"Every judgment and decree of any court hereafter rendered or made, shall be presumed to be paid and satisfied after the expiration of twenty years from the time of giving such judgment or decree, and every judgment and decree rendered or made at the time this act shall take effect, shall be presumed to be paid and satisfied after the expiration of twenty years from the time this act shall take effect."
This provision has been substantially continued in force to the present time, 1 Rev. Statutes of Missouri, see. 3251, and forms a part of the settled jurisprudence of the State. In the case of Ckablmers v. Wilkinson, 10 Missouri, 98, it was held by the Supreme Court that, as to judgments rendered prior to the act of 1835, the presumption of payment after twenty years raised by the common law, continues unaffected by that act,

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Syllabus.
which, as to such judgments, is only cumulative. This presumption is a rule of evidence and not a limitation, and is not subject to the exceptions and incidents of an act of limitation. Cce GirardeauCounty v. Iclrbison, 58 Missouri, 90; Snith's Ex'r v. -Benton,15 Missouri, 371.
If, therefore, twenty years after its date suit had been brought against Hammond, in his lifetime, on the judgment recovered against him by Relf and Chew, he could have availed himself of the conclusive presumption which that law raises, that the judgment had been paid. The presumption is no weaker when the suit is brought against the administrator of his estate sixty-one years after the date of the judgment.
The case, therefore, as stated by the bill, is this: Appellant seeks to recover on a claim for money had and received, which had been reduced to judgment more than sixty years, and which the law conclusively presumed had been paid more than forty years before her suit was brought.
We are of opinion, therefore, that the decree of the Circuit Court sustaining the demurrer to the bill was right, and it must be
Affrmecl.
CLAIBORNE COUNTY v. BROOKS.
IN ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE.
Argued April 2d, 1884.-Decided April 21st, 1884.
Afunicipal Corporations.
When the settled decisions of the highest court of a State have determined the extent and character of the powers which its political and municipal organizations shall possess, the decisions are authoritative upon the courts of the United States.
In the absence of State statutes, or of settled decisions of the highest court of a State, the rule of interpretation in respect of the powers of political and municipal corporations is to be found in the analogies furnished by their prototypes in the country of common origin, varied and modified by circumstances peculiar to our political and social condition.

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Syllabus.
lower end of the other arm of the clevis, and the sole cannot be removed without first removing the bolt, because the lug on the sole fits in between the lugs on the shoe proper. In the defendant's structure there is no bolt-hole through the lug on the sole, but there is a curved depression made in its top, in which the curved lower end of the clevis rests. The clevis does not have two arms, the lower ends of which embrace the lugs of the shoe proper, and the bolt goes through one of those lugs, then through a hole in the lower end of the clevis (the clevis being a vertical piece without arms and not three-sided), and then through the other one of those lugs, but the bolt does not go through the lug on the sole. That lug is kept in place by the pressure on it of the curved lower end of the clevis, which cannot move out of position, because the bolt goes through it and holds it. The bolt aloie, without the clevis, will not confine the lug on the sole. The lug on the sole cannot be removed until the bolt is removed and the clevis is detached. The shoe proper, the sole, and the clevis are combined by the single bolt which secures together the clevis, the shoe proper, and the sole. The bolt and the clevis perform the same office in the two structures, and the mechanical differences are merely formal and not substantial. The combination consists of the same four parts, differing only in form.
The decree of the Circuit Court is afflrmed.

CHOUTEAU & Others v. BARLOW, Executor and Trustee.

APPERA FWo

THE CIRUIT couRT OF THE UNITED STATES FOT
DISTRICT OF MINNE5OTA.

Axgaed January 10th, 11th, 1894.-Decdded January 2th,

The decree of the Circuit Court was reversed on a question of fact, as to whether an agreement of a certain character was made between the coprXtners in a im, on its dissolution, as to the interest which the copartners should have in the future in a portion of its assets.

CHOUTEAU v. BARLOW.
Opinion of the CourL
Mr. Ye ill0. Day and Mr. .Roscoe Conklng for appellants.
.Yr. . A. Shpmn and -Y. F P. Clugk for appellee.
Mm. JusTicE BrL&TcH oR delivered the opinion of the court. The bill of complaint in this case was filed in January, 1876, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Minnesota, by Samuel L. At Barlow, sole surviving executor of the last will, and trustee of the estate, of John F. A. Sanford, deceased (his co-executor and co-trustee, Frederick C. Gebhard, having died in 1867), and the widow and two of the three children of Sanford, as plaintiffs, against the following defendants: Charles P. Chouteau and Julia Mfaffitt, the heirs at law and legatees and devisees of Pierre Chouteau, Jr., deceased; the executors of the will of said Pierre Chouteau, Jr.; the heirs at law and legatees and devisees of John B. Sarpy, deceased; the executors of the will of said Sarpy; the widow and residuary legatee and devisee of Joseph A. Sire, deceased ; the sole surviving executor of the will of said Sire; Benjamin C. Sanford, the other child of Sanford; and numerous persons alleged to claim an interest in some of the land which is the principal subject of the suit. The averments of the bill, so far as they are, material, are as follows: Pierre Chouteau, Jr., Sarpy, Sire and Sanford, in 1842, formed a copartnership, under the firm name of P. Chouteau, Jr., & Co., for the purpose of dealing in real and personal property at St. Louis, Missouri, and in the region of country lying to the northward of that city. The capital was to be furnished, and the profits and losses were to be shared, by the several copartners in the following proportions: Choutean, 58 per cent.; Sarpy, 16; Sanford, 16; Sire, 10. In 1849 a change was made, whereby the assets were to be owned, and the profits and losses to be shared, in the following proportions: Chouteau, 48; Sarpy, 17J; Sanford, 171; Sire, 17*. In 1852, the copartnershiQ was dissolved by mutual consent. During its existence, it bought and paid for, with copartnership funds, acre lands and town lots in Wisconsin and Minnesota, to hold and sell for the profit and benefit of the copart-

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Couit.
nership, and among them certain lots named in schedules to the bill. As to some of the lots the title was taken in the name of one Borup, and, in September, 1855, he and his wife conveyed the same to said copartnership, with other lands belonging to it, which he held in the same way. As to others of the lots, the title was taken in the name of one Sibley, and, in September, 1855, and February, 1856, he and his wife conveyed the same to said copartnership, with other lands belonging to it, which he held in the same way. In MSfarch, 1857, one Robert conveyed to said copartnership other land in St. Paul, Minnesota, which it then purchased and paid for with copartnership funds. Besides the land named in schedules to the bill, town lots in various towns and villages, and acre lands in various counties in Minnesota, were purchased and paid for by said copartnership, and conveyed to it by deeds. The property so conveyed to it was the property of its said members, in the proportions last mentioned. Sire died in 1854 and Sarpy and Sanford died in 1857. In December, 1859, Benjamin C. Sanford released to the widow and the other two children of his father all his interest in the estate of his father. Pierre Chouteau, Jr., died in 1865.
The bill then contains the following averments, which set forth the particular question in controversy:
"The said copartnership was dissolved by the said John F. A. Sanford, deceased, retiring therefrom, and removing from St. Louis, where he then resided, to the city of New York, to there reside and carry on business in copartnership with the said Pierre Chouteau, Jr.; and, as your orators are informed and believe, it was agreed upon between the said Sanford and the other three copartners, and particularly the said Pierre Chouteau, Jr., as one of the conditions of the withdrawal of the said Sanford from the copartnership, that he, the said Sanford, should release to the said Chouteau all his interest in and to the assets of the said copartnership, except the lands and town lots thereof in Minnesota ; and that, in consideration thereof, and of his withdrawal from the said copartnership, the said Chouteau should save him, the said Sanford, harmless on account of the debts of the said copartnership, and should assure to him, free from any debt or liability growing out

CHOUTEAU v. BARLOW.
Opinion of the Court.
of the copartnership affairs, the share of him, the said Sanford, in and to the said lands and town lots, being seventeen and onethird one-hundredth (17J-100) parts thereof. In pursuance of such agreement the said Sanford did, as your orators are informed and believe, upon the dissolution of the said copartnership, and as part of the arrangement between the copartners for such dissolution, release to the said Pierre Chouteau, Jr., all his interest in the assets of said copartnership, except in the said lands and town lots; and the said Chouteau afterward, and in his lifetime, realized all said assets so released, and applied them to his own use."
The gravamen of these allegations is, that Pierre Chouteau, Jr., took from Sanford a release of all his interest in the copartnership assets, except the lands and 16ts in :Minnesota, and was to save'Sanford harmless from all debts of the copartnership, and Sanford was to have his 17 per cent. of the said lands and lots, free from any debts or liability growing out of the copartnership affairs; and that Pi6rre Chouteau, Jr., realized all the assets so released and applied them to his own use. It is to enforce this claim to the proceeds of the Minnesota lands and lots, free from the debts of the copartnership, that this suit is especially brought.
The bill then sets forth the following matters : On the dissolution of the St. Louis copartnership, Sanford removed to the city of New York, and there engaged in business in copartnership with Pierre Chouteau, Jr., under the firm names of Pierre Chouteau, Jr., & Co., and Chouteau, Sanford & Co., in which copartnership he continued to carry on business until his death. After the death of Sanford, and after the issuing to Messrs. Gebhard and Barlow of letters testamentary on his will, and in November, 1859, Pierre Chouteau,. Jr., and Messrs. Gebhard and Barlow, as such executors and trustees, entered into an agreement or compromise concerning all the mutual dealings between Chouteau and Sanford in relation to the business of the New York firms, and concerning all indebtedness and liability of every nature and kind of Sanford to Chouteau. By the terms of said agreement or compromise Messrs. Gebhard and Barlow were to release to Chouteau all the interest of Sanford in the assets of the New York firms,
vOL. cx-16

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the CourL
and, in consideration thereof, Chonteau was to release to Messrs. Gebhard and Barlow, and to the heirs and legal representatives of Sanford, all claims and liabilities against Sanford or his estate, due or owing, or to become due or owing, to Chouteau, on account of any prior transactions between them. Upon the making of such agreement or compromise, Messrs. Gebhard and Barlow submitted the same to the Surrogate of the county of New York, and he, on November 25th, 1859, made an order allowing the agreement or compromise to be entered into and carried out. Afterwards, and on December 1st, 1859, Messrs. Gebhard and Barlow, to carry out said agreement or compromise, signed, sealed, and delivered to Pierre Chouteau, Jr., their deed, whereby they, as executors and trustees, released to him all the right, title, and interest which Sanford at the time of his death had in or to the assets of the New York firms; and Chouteau, on the same day, in pursuance of said agreement or compromise, and to carry it out on his part, signed, sealed, and delivered to Messrs. Gebhard and Barlow his deed, releasing the heirs, next of kin, legatees, devisees and legal representatives of Sanford from all causes of action, claims and demands, in law or equity, which he, Chouteau, ever had, or which he, his heirs, executors or administrators thereafter could or might have, against Sanford or against his heirs, next of kin, devisees, legatees, executors or administrators, by reason of any matter whatsoever.
The bill further avers, that no accounting or settlement of the affairs and business of said St. Louis copartnership had ever been had except as was thereinbefore stated. It further alleges as follows: Since the death of the four copartners, the defendants C.P. Ohouteau and Mrs. Maffitt, claiming, as the heirs at law and devisees of Pierre Chouteau, Jr., to own all the said real estate of the copartnership, sold and conveyed to various persons certain of said lots and lands, and received therefor large sums of money, without the knowledge or consent of the heirs, devisees or legal representatives of Sanford, and in fraud of their rights, and for less than one-half of the actual value, at the time of sale, of the property sold, and for the purpose of defeating the rights of the plaintiffs in the

CHOUTEAU v. BARLOW.
Opinion of the Court.
property, leaving certain lands and lots unsold; and that those made defendants as claiming an interest in some of the lots of land took such interest through conveyances from the defendants 0. P. Chouteau and Mrs. Maffitt, with notice that the lots belonged to the heirs, devisees and legal representatives of Pierre Chouteau, Jr., Sire, Sarpy and Sanford, and not merely to their grantors, and with notice that the plaintiffs, as the successors in interest of Sanford, were the owners in fee simple of an undivided 17-100th parts of said lots.
An answer on oath is waived. The prayer of the bill is (1) that the defendants may account touching the affairs and property of said copartnership and touching the proceeds of any of such property; (2) that there may be set off to the plaintiffs, as of the estate of Sanford, 171-100th parts of the unsold lots described in the schedules to the bill, and of any other real property owned by the St. Louis copartnership, that had not been sold and conveyed by C. P. Chouteau and Mrs. Maffitt to parties other than the heirs, legatees and legal representatives of Sire and Sarpy, or to other parties for their use and benefit; (3) that the plaintiffs recover from C. P. Chouteau and Mrs. ]Maffit, as part of the estate of Sanford, 17.1-100th parts of the sums, whether in money or securities, received by them as the prices of the lands and lots so sold and conveyed by them, other than the lots and lands described in said schedules; that, for the amount of the plaintiffs' share of said money and securities, they be adjudged to have a lien on the interest of C. P. Chouteau and Mrs. Ifaffitt in and to the lots and lands described in said schedules; and that such interests be sold to satisfy such lien.
C. P. Chouteau and Mr Mfaffit, and the executors of Pierre Chouteau, Jr., the executors of Sarpy, the widow of Sire, his surviving executor, and Benjamin C. Sanford, put in a joint and several answer to the bill, not on oath. It denies that the copartnership bought or paid for with copartnership funds the lands referred to in the bi4.for the purpose of holding or selling the same for its profit or benefit; but avers that all lots or lands, whether described or not in the bill or its schedules, which were held or owned by said copartnership at its dissolution,

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
were taken in payment of, or in settlement or compromise of, indebtedness due to it from persons then indebted to it, and not otherwise ; and that all lots and lands held by it at the date of its dissolution were a part of its assets at that date, and were chargeable with the payment of its debts. It denies that the property mentioned in the bill as acquired by Borup was acquired by him for the benefit of said copartnership, and avers that he purchased said property and took the conveyance thereof in his own name, without the consent or knowledge of said copartnership, and conveyed the same to the new copartnership, formed after the dissolution, in settlement of his indebtedness, owing to said new copartnership. It denies that the title to the property mentioned in the bill as acquired by Sibley was taken in his name for the benefit of said copartnership, and avers that the property was received from Sibley in settlement of indebtedness owing to the new copartnership formed after the dissolution. As to the town lots and acre lands mentioned in the bill as being additional to the land named in the schedules to the bill, and owned by said copartnership prior to its dissolution, the answer avers that all those lots and lands were firm assets, taken, in the ordinary business of the firm, in payment or settlement of indebtedness theretofore owing t6 it. It denies that any part of the lots or lands referred to in the bill as having been conveyed after the dissolution of the firm was intended to be conveyed to any firm in which said Sanford was a member or interested. It then alleges as follows:
"1On the contrary thereof, these defendants say, that, on the 31st day of December, 1852, said copartnership in said bill of complaint named was duly dissolved, and said John F. A. Sanford withdrew therefrom, and then and there, for a valuable consideration to him paid by said Pierre Chouteau, Jr., did sell, assign, transfer and set over unto the said Pierre Chouteau, Jr., all and singular his share and interest in and to the assets of said partnership, of all and every kind and description whatsoever, including his interest (if any he had) as a member of said firm, in and to the said lots and lands in said bill of complaint described, and all and every part and parcel thereof, and from thenceforth said Sanford

CH OJTEAU v. BA RLOW.
Opinion of the Court.
never had or claimed to have any interest in, or right to a share in, the proceeds of said lands or lots ; and that, after the withdrawal of said Sanford from said copartnership, the business theretofore transacted by said copartnership at St. Louis and in Minnesota was continued by said Pierre Choutean, Jr., John B. Sarpy and Joseph A. Sire, under the same firm name of Pierre Chouteau, Jr., & Co., and all conveyances of land taken in such firm name, from and after the dissolution aforesaid, in any manner or for any purpose, were taken solely and exclusively for the benefit of said three last-named parties, as such firm, and not otherwise."
It denies that the agreement between Sanford and the other members of said copartnership, on its dissolution, is correctly stated in the bill, and avers that such agreement was, that, in consideration that Chouteau should save Sanford harmless on account of the debts of the St. Louis copartnership, Sanford would and did release and transfer to Chouteau all his interest in the assets and property of said copartnership, including his interest, if any, in said lands and town lots in Minnesota, It denies that Chouteau at any time agreed to assure to Sanford, free from any debts or liabilities growing out of said copartnership affairs, 171-100ths, or any jart, of said lands or lots in Minnesota. It avers that, by the deed of December 1st, 1859, named in the bill, executed by Chouteau to the plaintiffs, heexpressly reserved his right to collect and dispose of, for his own use and benefit, all the assets of the dissolved St. Louis copartnership, in accordance with the transfer thereof to him by Sanford, before set forth in the answer. It avers that the copartnership, at the time of its dissolution, was indebted in the sum of $438,176.28; that the assets of the firm, exclusive of the interest, if any, of the copartnership in lands and lots in Minnesota and elsewhere, was insufficient to liquidate said indebtedness; that, on Mfay 1st, 1860, there still remained an indebtedness of more than $212,000, which was advanced and paid by Pierre Chouteau, Jr., in his lifetime, with the assent of the executors of Sarpy and Sire; that it was agreed by those executors, that the amount of such indebtedness for which their estates were severally liable should be refunded to Chou-

OCTOBER TERA- 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
teau from the proceeds of the sale of the unsold lands and lots in Minnesota; that this arrangement was not carried into effect during Chouteau's lifetime; that Charles P. Choutean and Mrs. Maffitt subsequently sold and disposed of the remaining lands and lots and used the entire proceeds thereof to pay to themselves, as the heirs at law and sole legatees of Pierre Chouteau Jr., the amount remaining due to them by reason of his payment of said copartnership indebtedness; that the sales so made are the same sales mentioned in the bill; and that they were made at public auction, in good faith, for the full value of the lands and lots at the time, after having been duly advertised, and with the full knowledge of the plaintiffs. The answer further avers, by way of defence, that more than six years have elapsed since the accruing of any of the alleged causes of action set out in the bill.
After a replication to the answer, proofs were taken, and, after a hearing, the court made the following interlocutory decree, on August 13th, 1878:
"1. I find that, in 1852, the firm of P. Chouteau, Jr., & Co., No. 2, consisted of four persons, and the assets of the copartnership were owned, and the profits and loses were to. be shared, in
the following proportions : Pierre Chouteau, Jr., 48 per cent ; John B. Sarpy, 171 per cent. ; John F. A. Sanford, 171 per cent. ; Joseph A. Sire, 171 per cent. 2. That the copartnership was dissolved in 1852, by the mutual agreement of all the parties. 3. That a large amount of real property was owned by the copartnership in the Territory (now State) of Minnesota, at the time of the dissolution, having been purchasedawith copartnership funds. 4. That the legal title to the property was at that time in Charles W. Borup and L H. Sibley, persons acting for said copartnership, and was by them, in 1855, conveyed to the firm of Pierre Chouteau, Jr., & Co., composed of Chouteau, Sire, Sarpy, and Sanford; and also, in 1857, other real property, mentioned in the bill of complaint, was purchased for the benefit of the copartnership. 5. That, at the time of the dissolution of said copartnership, it was agreed between John F. A. Sanford and the other partners, inter alia, that he, the said Sanford, should release to Chouteau all his interest in and to the assets of the copartnership, except the real

CHOJTEAU v. BARLOW.
Opinion of the Court.
property in Minnesota, and that, in consideration thereof and of his withdrawal from the said partnership, the said Chouteau should save him, the said Sanford, harmless on account of the said copartnership, and should assure to him, free from any debt or liability growing out of said copartnership affairs, the share of him, the said Sanford, in and to said real property, lands and town lots, being 174-100th parts thereof. 6. That, in pursuance of the agreement Sanford released his interest in the assets to Choutean, except the lands and town lots, and during his lifetime Chouteau realized all the said assets. 7. That Sire died in 1854, Sarpy in 1857, Sanford in 1857, and Pierre Chouteau, Jr., in 1865, all leaving heirs, devisees and legal representatives, and there never has~been any accounting of the business of the copartnership, except as stated in the bill of complaint, which is referred to. 8. That since the deaths of the said Sire, Sarpy, Sanford and Chouteau, and in the years 1866 and 1867, and since then, the defendants Charles P. Chouteau and Julia Maffitt, claiming, as the heirs at law and devisees of the said P. Chouteau, Jr., to be owners of said real property in Minnesota, town lots and lands, have sold property outside of the city of St. Paul, in Minnesota, and have received large sums in money and securities, and have also sold and conveyed to various persons, including the several defendants mentioned specially in the bill of complaint as purchasers, a large amount of property situated in the city of StA Paul aforesaid, and received therefor a large amount of money and securities, without the consent of the heirs or representatives of said Sanford, and without paying or tendering to them any part or portion thereof. 9. That the amount of real property remaining unsold, which was conveyed by said Borup and Sibley to the firm of P. Chouteau, Jr., & Co., and purchased for the benefit of the partnership, is large and of sufficient value to meet any and all claims made by complainants on account of the sale and conveyance of the property to the defendants named as purchasers in the bill of complaint, and admitted in the answer. Concmion8. By the terms of the dissolution of the copartnership of P. Choutean, Jr., & Co., No. 2, Sanford was to retain his interest in the Minnesota, real estate, being 17-100th parts thereof ; and the complainants, as the representatives of the estate of John F. A. Sanford, are entitled: 1st. To 171-l00th parts of all the real estate mentioned in the bill of complaint, or

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
in the schedules attached thereto, not sold to parties other than the representatives of 'Pierre Chouteau, Jr., Sarpy and Sire. 2d. It is ordered that an account be taken of all the real estate sold since the dissolution of the firm of P. Chouteau, Jr., & Co., by the retirement of J.F. A. Sanford, to parties other than the representatives of the said partners; 3d. That, in stating said account, the lands and town lots sold to third parties in 1866 and 1867 be valued at their present value, less improvements made by the purchasers. 4th. That in said account shall be stated the amount of all the taxes paid by Charles P. Chouteau and Julia Mafflitt upon the property sold, at the time of the conveyance, and also the amount of taxes paid upon the property unsold to date, and such sum as may be necessarily expended in the care and custody of the property. 5th. That, after the deduction of the taxes and the amount necessarily expended for the management of the property, and on confirmation of the master's report, 6th. It is ordered and adjudged that a decree be entered in favor of complainants, against the said defendants Charles P. Chouteau ,and Julia Maffitt, for the amount of 171-10Oth parts of the remainder, which shall be enforced and satisfied out of the interest of said defendants in the real property described in the bill of com.plaint or schedules, unsold. 7th. That the bill of complaint against all parties defendants other than the representatives of P. Chouteau, Jr., Sarpy, and Sire, be dismissed, but without costs. 8th. That H. E. Mann, Esq., is appointed to take the iccount and report."
In pursuance of the interlocutory decree a hearing was had before the master, whose report was filed August 2d, 1880. Exceptions were taken by the defendants to the report of the master, as had also been done in reference to the interlocutory decree; and, on September 21st, 1880, the court made a final decree, in which it was decreed that the plaintiffs are the owners in fee simple, and axe entitled to the possession, as tenants in common, of an undivided 17J-100ths of certain lands in Minnesota described in the decree, and that partition be made of said lands between the plaintiffs and the defendants; that Charles P. Chouteau and Julia, Maffitt pay to the plaintiffs the sum of $36,646.56, being 17-100ths of the value of

CHOUTEAU v. BARLOW.
Opinion of the Court.
the lands sold by them in 1866 and in 1867; that Charles P. Chouteau individually pay to the plaintiffs $7,793.87, being 17J-100ths of the balance of the income of lands claimed to be held by him in severalty, and bf the proceeds of lands sold by him since 1867; that Julia :Naffitt pay to the plaintiffs the sum of $8,178,57, being 17i-100ths of the balance of the income of lands claimed to be held by her in severalty, and of the proceeds of lands sold by her since 1867; that the widow of Sire pay to the plaintiffs the sum of $1,214.08, being 17 -100ths of the income of that portion of the lands claimed to be held by her in severalty, and of the proceeds of lands sold by her since 1867; that the plaintiffs pay to the heirs and representatives of Sarpy the sum of $772.16, being 17.-100ths of the balance of expenditures over receipts on account of lands claimed to be held by the heirs of Sarpy in severalty. These different sums adjudged against the defendants, amounting to $53,833.08, are declared to constitute liens upon the property owned by them respectively. The decree further declares that the rights of the sevegal parties in the said real estate, so far as rents, issues, and profits and expenditures are concerned, are to be regarded as having been determined by the decree only up to January 1st, 1879.
The dispute between the parties, as shown by the pleadings, is as to the terms of the agreement of dissolution of the copartnership in 1852. The plaintiffs allege in the bill, that Sanford released to Chouteau all his interest in the assets of the ffirm, except its lands and town lots in Mfnnesota, and that Chouteau agreed to relieve Sanford from the debts of the firm, and to assure to him his 17-100ths of said lands and town lots, free from any debt or liability growing out of the copartnership affairs. The answer alleges that Chouteau agreed to relieve Sanford from the debts of the firm, and Sanford released to Chouteau all his interest in the assets of the firm, including his interest, if any, in the lands and town lots in MIinnesota. The Circuit Court found the terms of the dissolution to be those alleged in the bill. The question is wholly one of fact. We are unable to concur with the decision arrived at by the Circuit Court on that question. The evidence is voluminous, and a minute dis-

OCTOBER TER]M 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
cussion of it would be unprofitable. It consists of correspondence and documents and oral evidence, and we must content ourselves with indicating generally the grounds of our conclusion.
The agreement alleged in the bill is said to have been contained in two letters, one from the firm of P. Chouteau, Jr., & Co., No. 2, the firm which was being dissolved, to Sanford, and the other from Sanford to the firm, in reply, both written in 1852, at the time of the dissolution. Those letters are not produced, nor are copies of them furnished. The only witness for the plaintiffs who testifies to having seen them, or who states their contents, is Mr. Barlow, one of the plaintiffs. On his direct examination, he says that he saw them in 1858 and 1859, at the time when negotiations for a compromise were going on between Pierre Chouteau, Jr., and the executors of Sanford, in regard to the claims of Chouteau against the estate of Sanford for his share of the losses of their New York firm; and that the last time he saw them was in 1861, when the answer of the executors of Sanford was being prep.axed in a suit brought against them by Chouteau in a State court in Yinnesota, seeking a sale of the lands in question. He states that he was cognizant for many years before Mr. Sanford's death of the existence of the contract shown by the letters, though he did not see the letters till after Sanford's death, when they were found among Sanford's papers, and were in the possession of Mr. Gebhard and the witness. That contract he states thus, on his direct examination:
"It was in the shape of a letter signed in the firm name of Pierre Chouteau, Junior, & Co., addressed to Mr. John F. A. Sanford, and responded to by him as of the same date, assenting .to the terms proposed in the letter. These terms were, that from that date Mr. John F. A. Sanford should retire from all connection with the St. Louis house, with the view of establishing a house in New York in connection with Mr. Chouteau, in which neither Sarpy nor Sire would have any interest ; and it was agreed that the remaining partners in the St. Louis house should be entitled to all the assets and property of that firm, should have sole

CHOUTEAU v. BARLOW.
Opinion of the Court.
power to settle its business, that. they would relieve Mr. Sanford from all liabilities and obligations connected with the St. Louis firm, and that his interest in the Minnesota lands owned by the said St. Louis firm should be retained by him absolutely."
It is alleged that the letters have been lost and cannot be found after proper search. Mr. Barlow states that the first letter was dated at St. Louis and was signed by Chouteau in the name of the firm, but was not in his handwriting; and that the other letter was signed by Sanford and may have been a signed copy of the original. On cross-examination he gives the form and language of the letters as follows:
"The first was dated at St. Louis, and addressed to Mr. John F. A. Sanford, and recited the fact that it had been agreed that from that date his interest in the firm of P. Chouteau, Junior, & Co., of St. Louis, should terminate, and that the assets and business of the firm should be continued for the benefit of the remaining partners, who agreed to assume all the responsibilities of the firm from that date, with a reservation at the close of the letter, that Mr. Sanford's interest in the Minnesota property or purchase, according to my recollection-I won't be certain whether it was property or lands--should remain in him. In one of the letters (I think the St. Louis), there was a reference to the fact that Mr. Sanford was about to or had established a firm in New York, in which Mr. Sanford and Mr. Chouteau alone were interested, to the exclusion of Sarpy and Sire. The fact appeared in the letter that a New York house was about to be established, or was established, in which Sarpy and Sire would have no interest. Sanford's response was exceedingly brief and contained merely an assent to the terms proposed or suggested in the first letter. That is as near as I can recollect the contents of the letter."
He further states, when asked "whether the reference to the Minnesota property in that letter spoke of interest in the Minnesota lands or in the Minnesota ' outfit:'
"I am confident that it was not ' outfit.' It was either lands or property-Minnesota lands or Minnesota property-and not ' outfit,' I am confident."

OCTOBER TERM 1883.
Opinion of the Cour.
He is asked the following question: "In reference to the agreement which you have spoken of as having been made by the firm of P. Chouteau, Jr., & Co., of St. Louis, and Mr. Sanford, at the time of Mr. Sanford's retirement in 1852, had you been informed of the existence of any such agreement before the matter of the compromise was entered upon?" His reply is:
"I knew that Mr. Sanford claimed an interest in the Minnesota lands in his lifetime. I do not know that I knew of any agreement about it at that time, or had even heard about it. The simple fact was referred to, the fact of Mr. Sanford's interest in the Minnesota lands was referred to, by Mr. Chouteau, in the course of the negotiations which led to the compromise after Mr. Sanford's death. I think I saw the agreement in question at the time of the preparation of the papers executed on this compromise, but I cannot positively say that I did. My first distinct recollection of seeing the agreement in question was at or about the time of the drafting of the answer of the executors to the bill filed by Mr. Chouteau for the partition of the lands in Minnesota, to which I have testified."
It may well be questioned whether sufficient evidence was given of proper search for the letters, and of their loss, to warrant the parol evidence given of their contents. The parties who searched for the letters in the places where it was supposed they might be, were not called as witnesses, and there is no testimony as to the character or extent of the search, but only evidence by Mr. Barlow of his direction to persons to search, and his statement of his understanding of the result. There is no evidence that the letter from Sanford was ever sent. It was found among his papers after his death. On search, no such letter has been found among the papers of the firm in St. Louis, nor does their letter-book show any copy of the letter to Sanford, although many letters both to and from the firm have been produced in evidence.
In the original answer filed in June, 1861, by the executors of Sanford, and sworn to by them June 15th, 1861, in the suit brought in the State court of Mfinnesota, by Chouteau and the

CHOUTEAU v. BARLOW.
Opinion of the Court.
executors of Sarpy and Sire, in February, 1861, for a sale of the Minnesota lands to pay the debts of the firm, alleged to have amounted, on May 1st, 1860, to $212,000, the claim of the executors of Sanford was stated to be:
"That, upon the retirement of the said John F. A. Sanford from the firm mentioned in the complaint, he became a partner in another firm under the same name, in the city of New York, together with the said Pierre Chouteau, Junior, in which the said Sarpy and said Sire had been theretofore partners, and in which they thereupon ceased to be partners, and said John F. A. Sanford succeeded to their interests therein, and said Sarpy and Sire succeeded to his interest in said St. Louis firm, excepting his interest in said Minnesota lands, and that, by agreement between all the parties at the time of such exchange of interests, and in consideration thereof, said John F. A. Sanford and his interest in the Minnesota lands were to be exonerated and free from all liability for the debts and liabilities of said St. Louis firm or to any of his copartners therein, and to be indemnified and saved harmless in the premises."
This allegation was explicitely denied in the reply to the answer, -which reply was put in in August, 1861. In an amended answer put in by the executors of Sanford, in. September, 1861, not sworn to by them, but verified by their attorney in the suit, the above statement in the original answer was repeated, and these words were added:
"And that the said John F. A. Sanford was to have and to hold in fee simple, as tenant in common, seventeen and one-third one-hundredth (17J-100) parts of said land to his own sole use, freed from any claim for debts of said copartnership, or any liability for contribution in favor of any of the other partners."
The complaint in the suit in the Minnesota State court, after setting forth the facts about the St. Louis copartnership, and its dissolution December 31st, 1852, avers, that during its continuance it had, at St. PaT, Minnesota, an outpost or tradinghouse, to which it supplied merchandise; that the business at St. Paul was conducted under the namd of the ":Minnesota

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
Outfit," debits and credits being made to it, and it was a part of the copartnership business; that the copartnership, during its continuance, acquired lands in Minesota described in schedules to the complaint, and they were a part of its partnership assets, the title to them being taken in the name of Pierre Choutean, Jr., in fee, he holding them in trust for said copartners; that at its dissolution said firm had outstanding debts or liabilities to the amount of $438,176.28; that that amount had since been reduced, and, on a full and final settlement and accounting between Ohouteau and the executors of Sarpy and Sire, on May 1st, 1860, it was found that the debts and liabilities of said firm then owing and unpaid, and for which said copartners, or their legal representatives, were liable, amounted to $212,000, which sum was still due and owing by them and unpaid; that the assets of said firm at its dissolution consisted of real estate and divers accounts and notes, which were of little or no value; that said real estate was the only assets belonging to said copartners with which to pay said indebtedness; that, to discharge the same, Chouteau had paid 48-10Oths of said $212,000, the executors of Sarpy 17J-100ths thereof, and the executors of Sire 17J-100ths thereof; that neither Sanford nor his executors had paid any part of his share of said $212,000; that their neglect to pay was a violation of the terms of the copartnership agreement; and that the 'remaining indebtedness of the firm could not be paid without a sale of said lands and the application of the proceeds of the sale to such purpose. The prayer of the complaint was that the amount of the unpaid debts and the assets of said firm be ascertained, and a receiver of its notes, accounts and choses in action be appointed, with power to sell the same, and that said real estate be sold and the proceeds be applied to pay the debts due and owing by said firm.
The events which inmediately preceded the bringing of that suit in the State court of Minnesota were these: Pierre Chouteau, Jr., had become totally blind, and his business and correspondence were conducted by his son-in-law, William Maffitt. On the 6th of August, 1860, Maflltt wrote from St. Louis to Gebhard at New Ydrk, a letter, which is not produced, but in

CHOUTEAU v. BARLOW.
Opinion of the Court.
which, judging from Gebhard's reply to it, he appears to have informed Gebhard that there was a large indebtedness due from the firm, and to have referred to the necessity of taking steps for its payment, in reference to Sanford's proportion of it. Gerhard's reply to Mafitt, under date of New York, September 15th, 1860, was as follows:
"Yours of the 6th ult. has remained unanswered, in order that I might consult with my co-executor, with whom I have just had an interview. We are both much surprised to hear for the first time of the large indebtedness to which you allude, as we understood from Mr. Chouteau's agent, at the time of our settlement in December last, that the Minnesota property would probably prove very valuable, sufficiently so to return to us as executors a handsome sum, and were not advised of any charge against the property which we should have to pay. Before determining as to our course, it is necessary that we should be fully advised of the nature of Mr. Chouteau's claim, and you will please send us a copy of the accounts of firm No. 2 and firm No. 3, to which you allude, and we will examine the same with the vouchers. Please also advise us as to the situation and present value of the Minnesota property to which you allude, and be kind enough to furnish us a copy of the undertaking or agreement with Mr. Sanford, made on the occasion of his retirement from firm No. 2, to which reference is made in the release from Mr. Ohouteau to us, dated December, 1859."
To this letter Naffitt replied by a letter to Gebhard, dated St. Louis, October 4th, 1860, as follows:
"I was absent when your letter of the 15th ult. was received, or it would otherwise have had earlier attention. I do not see that the opinion said to have been expressed by Mr. Chouteau's agent in regard to the value of the Minnesota property authorized the inference that there was no charge against it. But, however this may be, Mr. Thompson, at least, was well informed as to its situation. In a letter written October 6th, 1859, I mentioned that ' this interest (the Minnesota) had been retained by Mr. Sanford in the transfer between him, Mr. Sarpy and Mr. Sire, but embarrassed by a very heavy debt.' I don't, however, consider this important. The accounts you ask for are entirely too voluminous

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the CourL
to furnish within any reasonable time. They embrace the largest part of the business of the house during a long period. The books, however, are open to your inspection, and we will afford you every facility to enable you to make a satisfactory examination of them. There was no written agreement that we know of on Mr. Sanford's withdrawal from the house. From the balance sheet made in December, 1852, it seems that the various outfits in the Upper Mississippi were indebted, in the aggregate, $438,176.28. As it was impossible, even approximately, to determine the value of this interest, for its assets consisted principally of debts which it was very questionable at the time would ever be realized, it was concluded by the parties that Mr. Sanford should retain his interest therein. From that time it required constant negotiations and great attention to save anything. Finally Mr. Chouteau, by his own personal exertions, in 1855, succeeded in obtaining a settlement, the result of which was what we now have in the Minnesota property. Mr. Chouteau's action in this matter is by no means voluntary. It has been forcedc upon.him chiefly by the settlement recently had with the executors of his late partners. It was not to be expected that they would do more than pay their proportion of the amount chargeable to their property. They were all, however, jointly liable for the whole, and in the event of Mr. Sanford's estate being unable to pay its proportion, they would have been liable for their respective proportion of its (the estate's) share of 'the indebtedness. It became, therefore, incumbent on Mr. Chouteau, as surviving partner, t9 take the steps he now proposes, or to assume the part due from Mr. Sanford's estate. Such an alternative is out of the question, as the debt is already very large and constantly increasing by the interest. As regards the situation of the property at present, it is managed by Mr. Prince and Mr. Sibley. No income whatever is derived from it, and very little expense incurred beyond the salaries of the agents. Hoping to bear soon what your determination is in relation to this matter, I Temain," &c.
The suit in the State Court of Minnesota was then brought, as stated. Before answering the complaint Gebhard wrote to his co-executor, Mr. Barlow, a letter dated New York June 3d, 1861, which says:
"It seems to me quite important, in a~swering the bill filed

CHOUTEAU v. BARLOW.
Opinion of the Court.
against us, 1. To insist on the production of the original papers executed at the time Sanford retired from the St. Louis firm. 2. To allege that Sanford sold out his interest in the St. Louis firm, with all its liabilities, to Sarpy and Sire, and assumed their positions in the New York firm, reserving for himself, individually, his share of the St. Paul property, free of all liabilities, which was simply left in Mr. Chouteau's name, partly so as not to complicate matters, as well as from the implicit trust that Sanford had in Mr. Chouteau, that everything would be properly accounted for. 3. Allege that in the transfer each party agreed to assume the outstanding liabilities. 4. When Mr. Chouteau settled with the executors of Mr. Sanford, he distinctly stated that the release covered all debts of the deceased, except a few trifling ones in New York, which the executors have paid or settled for; and that Mr. Sanford's interest in the St. Paul property would be one of the assets that would revert to the estate and to the minor children."
The suit in the State court of Minnesota proceeded no further, but was discontinued. C. P. Chouteau states that the reason for this was that the executors of Sanford renewed propositions of settlement.
In February, 1869, Mr. Barlow, as surviving executor of Sanford, brought a suit in the Supreme Court of New York, against the executors of Pierre Chouteau, Jr. The complaint set forth the facts as to the firm and its business and the interests of its partners and its dissolution, by consent, in 1852, and averred that the firm, during its continuance, purchased with its funds lands in Minnesota, described in a schedule to the complaint, the legal title to which was, for convenience, taken in the name of Chouteau; that Chouteau and his executors had sold portions of the lands, and other portions remained unsold and undivided; that no account respecting the said lands had been adjusted with Sanford or his executors; and that the plaintiff was entitled to his due share of the proceeds of the landssold, and his due proportion of the lands unsold, being the proportion thereof in which Sanford was interested in the firm. The complaint prayed for an account of the lands and of the proceeds of those sold, and for
voI. cx-17

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
payment and conveyance accordingly, and was verified by M. Barlow. It did not refer to any agreement as having been made between Sanford and the other partners at the time of the dissolution. The answer, verified by 0. P. Chouteau, referred to the "Minnesota Outfit," as a business carried on for the benefit of the firm, and alleged that, when ii was dissolved, its assets consisted of notes and accounts and of the Minnesota lands; that its Labilities -were then $138,176.28, and, on the 1st of May, 1860, had been reduced to $212,724.23, which amount was advanced by Pierre Chouteau, Jr., out of his individual moneys; and that the estate of Sanford was liable for its proportion thereof. It denied that the plaintiff was entitled to any of the proceeds of the lands sold, or to any part of those unsold, and prayed for an account between the parties as to the business of the firm, and that the amount owing by the plaintiff to the defendants, on account of the losses and indebtedness of the firm or otherwise, might be established and adjusted against the plaintiff. In March, 1872, a stipulation was signed by the plaintiff's attorney, agreeing to admit at the trial that the debts of the fin at the dissolution were as stated in the answer; that Pierre Chouteau, Jr., had discharged all of them with his individual moneys, and became a creditor for that amount; that, before May 1st, 1860, the indebtedness of the firm to him had been, by sales of the lands and from assets, reduced to $212,724.23; and that neither Sanford nor his executors had contributed anything thereto; but the plaintiff was not to be precluded from requiring an account of all the assets of the firm applicable to the payment of its indebtedness, and the defendants agreed to furnish it at the trial. In September, 1872, the suit was referred to a referee for trial, and there were some meetings before him. Without any conclusion, the suit was discontinued March 30th, 1876, shortly after the present suit was begun.
This history of the record evidence furnished by the correspondence and the pleadings in the suits has been given in order to show what allegations have been made in deliberate form as to any special agreement between the parties at the time the firm was dissolved. It is not unlikely that letters may have

CHOUTEAU v. BARLOW.
Opinion of the Court
passed between the firm and Sanford at that time, which may have expressed, as stated by Maffitt in his letter of October 4th, 1860, the conclusion of the members of the firm that Sanford should "retain his interest" in "the various outfits in the Upper Mississippi," because "it was impossible, even approximately, to determine the value" of that interest, as "its assets consisted principally of debts which it was very questionable at the time would ever be realized." The language of the letters would be very material in determining the actual agreement. A slight difference in wording might change the meaning essentially. Maffitt asserted, in his letter to Gebhard of October 4th, 1860, that -the Minnesota interest, retained by Sanford at the dissolution, was "embarrassed by a very heavy debt." The letters, or copies of them, were vital to the claim of Sanford's executors, after Gebhard received this letter from Maffitt. Yet we find Gebhard, in his letter of June 3d, 1861, to Mr. Barlow, .after the suit foreshadowed by ]ffaffitt had been brought, making suggestions as to matters for the answer and as to requiring the production of papers, which are far from implying that Sanford's executors had letters in their possession which would show the agreement now insisted on. They having the letters, if the letters would show such agreement, we should expect copies of them to be set forth in the answer in the suit in the State court of Minnesota, as a copy was set forth, in both the original and an'ended answers in that suit, of the release of December 1st, 1859, executed by Ohouteau to the executors of Sanford, on the settlement then made between them of the affairs of the New York firms in which Chouteau and Sanford were partners. Both of the answers refer to an agreement to the effect claimed, but do not state that it was in writing, and set forth only its general purport. Mr. Barlow states that he examined the letters carefully at the time the original answer in the suit in the State court of Minnesota was drawn, and that he thinks they were in the possession of his counsel, Mr. Platt, when the amended answer in that suit was drawn. The subject would naturally be revived when the suit in New York was brought, in 1869, yet we do not find in the complaint in that suit any mention of the agree-

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
ment claimed to have been evidenced by the letters. The establishing in that suit, by the testimony of Mr. Barlow, of the agreement now set up, would have disposed of the controversy. Can more weight be given to his recollection seven years later, as to the contents of letters which he had last seen more than fifteen years before he testified? There never was any suit brought distinctly based on the agreement now set up, until the present suit, brought more than twenty-three years after the agreement is alleged to have been made, and more than fifteen years after the executors were fully notified by Maffitt, acting for and by the direction: of Chouteau, of the claim made by Chouteau. That there were some letters which Mr-Barlovr saw, and the contents of which he believes he states correctly, is not to be questioned; but, in view of all the testimony in the case, it cannot be held that the agreemeht set up as contained in the letters is proved with sufficient certainty to make it the foundation of the decree made by the Circuit Court.
It is proper here to refer to another matter. At the time of Sanford's death, in May, 1857, he was an equal partner with Pierre Chouteau, Jr., in the firm known as P. Chouteau, Jr., & Co., of New York; and he was also a partner, together with Pierre Chouteau, Jr., and three other persons, in the firm of P. Chouteau, Jr., Sanford & Co. In October, 1858, negotiations were begun between P. Chouteau, Jr., and Messrs. Bar-, low and Gebhard, al executors of Sanford, for a compromise of the affairs of those two firms. The executors, at the time, claimed that they had a right to a receivership of the assets of all the firms in which Mr. Sanford had been interested. On October 13th, 1858, Choutean, being in New York, prepared and verified a petition, addressed to the Surrogate of New York County, wherein it was stated that the business of P. Chouteau, Jr., & Co., of New York, had resulted in heavy losses, owing to unfortunate operations undertaken in the lifetime of Sanford; that the business of P. Chouteau, Jr., San-ford& Co. had produced large profits; that the accounts of P. Chouteau, Jr., & Co., of New York, had been made up as accurately as it could be done; that, under the most favorable aspect, there would, on the winding up of the affairs of that

CHOUTEAU v. BARLOW.
Opinion of the Court.
firm, remain an indebtedness from Sanford to the petitioner, of not less than $363,323,61; that the amount which Sanford's estate would receive from the firm of P. Chouteau, Jr., Sanford & Co. would not exceed $198,558.06; that the petitioner was willing to accept the balance of the share of the estate of Sanford in the assets of the firm of P. Choutean, Jr., Sanford & Co., in compromise and satisfaction of all his claims against the estate of Sanford; and that this compromise would result in an advantage to the estate of Sanford in a sum not less than $164,765.55. The petition was not presented to the Surrogate, but the negotiations were continued, and, in October, 1859, the executors of Sanford presented a petition to the Surrogate, verified by Mr. Barlow, containing the same statements as the Chouteau petition, and, by an order made in November, 1859, by the Surrogate, the executors were authorized to carry out the compromise on the terms above mentioned, as is stated in the bill in this suit. Then Chouteau, on December 1st, 1859, executed the release stated in the bill. That release contained at its close this clause:
"N1 othing herein contained is to affect the rights which the said Pierre Chouteau, Junior, now has, either as surviving partner or by assignment, to collect all the assets of any firm formerly existing at St. Louis, in the State of Missouri, in which the said John F. A. Sanford was formerly a partner, for his own sole use and benefit, according to the terms agreed upon on the retirement of said John F. A. Sanford from said firms, or to affect or impair the right of the said Pierre Chouteau, Junior, to said assets."
The executors of Sanford knew, from this reference in the release of December 1st, 1859, that some terms had been agreed upon on the retirement of Sanford from the St. Iouis" firm. If the letters in their possession showed as distinctly as is now claimed what those terms were, it was easy to ascertain those terms from the letters. Instead of doing so, we find Gebhard, in his letter to 261fitt of September 15th, 1860, asking Yaffitt to furnish the executors with a copy of the agreement with Sanford referred to in Chouteau's release in De-

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the (ourt
cember, 1859, as having been made when Sanford retired from the St. Louis firm.
As the case of the plaintiffs depends upon their affirmatively establishing the agreement set up, what most directly bears upon its existence has been especially alluded to. But the whole course of the evidence in the case fortifies the conclusion at which we have arrived. We can, however, only summarize it. Sanford at all times regarded himself as a party in interest in the winding up of the affairs of the St. Louis firm, and of the "outfits" in the charge of Borup and Sibley. He never claimed any independent interest in the Minnesota lands. The other copartners, after 1852, sent to him accounts of the affairs of the firm, and treated him as interested in its liquidation and entitled to know about such accounts. The arrangement really was that the " outfits" in the Upper Mississippi under the charge of Borup and Sibley, and which were part of the business of the dissolved firm, should continue to be carried on as part of that business till they could be wound up. All lands in Minnesota were an outcome of those outfits, and were thus a part of the assets of the firm. Sanford's interest in those outfits was continued, but it remained subject to the debts of the outfits and to the debts of the firm. Pierre Chouteau, Jr., acted always in accordance with that view. His son, Charles P. Chouteau, always had that understanding of the arrangement. The clause-before cited, at the end of the release of December 1st, 1859, in saying that the release is not to affect the rights which Chouteau "now has" to collect all the assets of the St. Louis firm for his own use and benefit, or to affect his right to those assets, may be very well satisfied by applying the word "now" to the condition of things then existing, and to the claims set forth in the complaint in the suit Iin the State court of Minnesota, brought in February, 1861. He had individually advanced large sums, before that time, to pay the debts of the firm, and undoubtedly contemplated a deficiency of assets, including the real estate in Minnesota. That real estate was then held by him as part of the assets of the dissolved firm, and he always afterwards honestly and faithfully treated it as held by him in trust to liquidate the debts

CHOUTEAU v. BARLOW.
Opinion of the Court
of that firm. It was substantially the only resource in his hands in December, 1859, to repay him his advances. If the two letters then in the possession of Sanford's executors really showed such an agreement as they now claim, it is incredible that they would have accepted the release from Chouteau, with its comprehensive reservation of assets to Chouteau, and not have insisted on excepting from the assets the Minnesota real estate, which at that time was clearly assets of the firm. The entries in the books kept at St. Louis confirm the foregoing view.
On the whole case, we are of opinion, that, after the dissolution of the St. Louis firm, the members other than Sanford were entitled to collect and dispose of all its assets, including the :Minnesota "outfit" and the Minnesota lands, to liquidate its affairs, without the interference of Sanford; that all claim on their part against Sanford individually was relinquished, leaving recourse only to those assets; and that, if there should be any surplus of those assets, after paying the debts of the firm and the advances of any of the other partners therefor, Sanford's executors would be entitled to his proper proportion of such surplus.
No judicial accounting has been had on the basis of the rights of the parties as we have defined them. The bill prays that the defendants may account touching the affairs and property of the copartnership and touching the proceeds of any such property. We think the plaintiffs are entitled to such an accounting, and are not barred from it by laches or by the operation of any statute of limitations. If necessary, the Circuit Court can, in its discretion, allow the pleadings to be amended, with a view to the attainment of justice, on the principles we have laid down. We do not deem it proper now to indicate any rule of accounting in respect to the lands which were not sold and conveyed by Charles P. Chouteau and Julia Maffitt to parties other than the representatives of Pierre Choutean, Jr., Sarpy and Sire, but leave that question to be determined by the Circuit Court, on full consideration. As to the lands which were sold and conveyed to parties other than such representatives, the liability should be only for the sums

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
actually realized in good faith from the sales. The accounting may include the other remaining assets of the firm, if any.
.Te, decree of the Circuit Court is reversed,and the case is reemanded to that court, with direction to enter a decree in accordancewith this apinion,and to take &uchfurtherproceedi2?g as may be in conform y therewith.
FREEMAN, Trustee, v. DAWSON.
.APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUT COURT OF THE URnTD STATS FOr THE'WESTERN DISTRICT OF TEN INESSEE.
Argued January 16th, 184.--Decided January 2Mh, 188-M
E-xeution-udgment--Jurisdicton.
From a decree of the Circuit Court, awarding a fund of $6,000 to one claiming under a distinct title, the grantee in a deed of trust to secure debts to various other persons, exceeding that amount in all, but of less than $5,000 each, may appeal to this court.
A judgment duly recovered is not affected, nor the right to take out execution upon it impaired, by an application made to the court to set it aside, and "continued until the next term, without prejudice to either party."
All the proceedings under a levy of execution have xelation back to the time of the seizure of the property.
A levy of execution, for a debt of the lessee, upon the leasehold estate, and upon a cotton press, with its engine, boilers and machinery, erected byhim, under which the officer has seized the property, and given due notice of a sale thereof, is not defeated by an order from the clerk, under seal of the court, pursuant to adirection of the judge in vacation, without notice to the judgment creditor, requesting the officer to return the execution unexecuted; nor by the officer's, upon receiving such order, ceasing to keep actual possession of the property, and returning the execution, with his doings indorsed thereon, to the court, for further directions.
-Mr. C. 1V .etcay for appellant.
-Mr. W. K. Poston for appellee.
M. JusTI0o GRAY delivered the opinion of the court. This is an appeal by the grantee in a deed of trust, from a decree of the Circuit Court of the United States for the West-

IRVINE v. DUNHAM.
Statement of Facts.
to the discovery, that the original claim did not cover everything that might have been embraced, and was not broad enough to maintain the monopoly desired but not secured.
This brings the case directly within the principle of Miller v. Brass Cognany, 104 U. S. 350, and the numerous others which have followed it, including that of Clements v. Odorless Apparatus Company, 109 U. S. 641, all of which have been decided since the interlocutory decree in this case was pronounced.
For these reasons, The decree of the Cireuit Court is reversed, and the cause is
remanded, with directions to dismiss the bill, and it is so ordered.

IRVINE v. DUNHAM.

APPEAL

FROM

THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA.

THE

Argued March 31st, April 1st, 1884.-Decided April 14th, 1884,
Trust.
On the facts in this case the court finds that the deed in controversy was not a mere gratuity and left in escrow; but that it was delivered, and imposed upon the appellant a trust in favor of the grantor of the appellee to which the appellee has succeeded.
When a trustee denies the trust and refuses to perform it a court of equity will appoint a new trustee in his place, and the old trustee will not be entitled to retain the property under cover of having an account as trustee, before paying over the net proceeds.
The bill of complaint in this case was filed by Dunham, the appellee, against Irvine, the appellant. It averred that on March 28th, 1874, Irvine and one Richard II. Sinton were the joint and equal owners of one undivided half of the Morgan Mine in Calaveras County, in the State of California; that the legal title to such undivided half was vested in Irvine, but was held by him in trust for himself and Sinton equally, share and share alike; that the undivided half of the mine had been ac-

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Statement of Facts.
quired by Irvine and Sinton by their common efforts and at their common expense, and pursuant to an agreement between them to acquire the title thereto and sell and otherwise dispose of the same, and share equally the profits and losses. The other undivided half of the mine was, so the bill alleged, held by Irvine in trust for certain other persons.
The bill further alleged, that on the said March 28th, 1874, Irvine executed to Sinton an instrument and declaration of trust in writing of that date, of which the following is a copy:
"This is to declare that I, William Irvine, of San Francisco, California, am the owner of one undivided half of that certain gold-bearing quartz lode or mine situated on Carson Hill, Calaveras County, California, and known familiarly as the 'Morgan Mine,' and that I hold said half interest equally for myself and R. 1I. Sinton, also of San Francisco, share and share alike ; and I hereby promise and bind myself, my heirs and assigns, whenever said mine shall be sold or otherwise disposed of, to account fully and truly to said Sinton, his heirs or assigns, for the one-half of all net proceeds of such sale or other disposition of said half interest.
"All necessary expenses, including counsel fees heretofore incurred, or that may hereafter be incurred, in and about the property, up to the time of such sale or other disposition thereof, to be first paid before division of such proceeds.
"Witness my hand and seal, this 28th day of March, A.D. 1874. "WILLIAM IRVINE.' [Seal.]
"Witnesses : "T. K. WILSON.
"II. J. TILDEN."
The bill also averred, that on September 8th, 1874, Sinton assigned and conveyed to one George P. Ihrie all his right and title in the mine, and declaration of trust, and everything coming or that might come to him by virtue thereof, that on March 17th, 1875, Irvine, and the owners of the other undivided half of the mine, organized under the laws of California a corporate body called the Morgan Mining Company, and that on April 9th following, Irvine and the other persons having an interest in the mine, except Ihrie, sold and conveyed

IRVINE v. DUNHAM.
Statement of Facts.
the same to the corporation, and received in consideration thereof shares of stock in the company, in proportion to their interest in the property conveyed, Irvine receiving ten thousand shares for the undivided half held by him for himself in trust and for Ihrie, as the grantee of Sinton, and that Ihrie then and there became entitled to the one-half of the ten thousand shares.
It was further alleged, that on June 29th, 1875, Ihrie conveyed all his title and interest in the mine and in the five thousand shares of the stock of the Morgan Mining Company to Dunham, the complainant, for whose use and benefit Irvine held the shares subject to the payment of the expenses, &c., mentioned in the declaration of trust.
The bill further alleged, that after the conveyance by Ihrie of his interest in the stock of the Morgan Mining Company to complainant, the latter applied to Irvine for an account of the necessary expenses and fees incurred by him in and about the mine up to the conveyance thereof to the company, and offered to pay him one-half thereof, and demanded a transfer to himself of the shares of stock in the company held in trust for him by Irvine, but Irvine refused to render any account, denied the complainant's right to the stock or any part of it, denied that he held any stock in trust for complainant, and claimed all of the ten thousand shares as his own, and denied that he was ever trustee in the premises for Sinton, or Ihrie, or the complainant.
The bill further averred that the complainant was ready, and that he then offered to pay into court, the one-half of all the expenses and fees paid by Irvine, on account of the mine, up to the conveyance thereof to the Morgan Mining Company, and such further sums as the court might deem equitable and just; that Irvine had it in his power to transfer the stock held in trust by him for the complainant to a bona fde purchaser, for value, without notice, and that he would do so unless restrained by injunction.
The prayer of the bill was that Irvine be decreed to hold in trust for the complainant said five thousand shares of the capital stock; that the court would declare what sum was

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Statement of Facts.
justly due to Irvine from the complainant on account of the necessary expenses, &c., incurred by him in and about the mine, and that upon the payment of the same by complainant to Irvine the latter might be decreed to assign and transfer said five thousand shares to him.
The answer of Irvine denied that Sinton was ever the owner of an undivided fourth of said mine, or of any share or interest therein or any part thereof; denied that Irvine ever held the legal title to the mine or to any part or share thereof, in trust for himself and Sinton ; denied that the undivided half thereof was acquired by himself and Sinton by their common efforts and at their common expense for their equal benefit, but averred that he acquired said undivided half for his own sole and exclusive use and benefit, and that Sinton contributed neither effort nor expense towards its acquisition.
The answer further averred that Irvine, on March 28th, 1874, being about to leave California for a trip to the Atlantic States, to be absent for several months, signed the declaration of trust as a mere gratuity to Sinton, upon the express agreement between him and Sinton that the same should be left in the custody of T. K. Wilson, who was Irvine's attorney, and that it was not to take effect except in case of the death of Irvine upon his proposed journey, and in case lie should return to California that the instrument should be delivered up to him; that the instrument was never in any manner delivered to Sinton, and that Irvine, after so signing it, did perform his journey and returned therefrom to the State of California in the month of August, 1874. The answer of Irvine was put at issue by general replication.
Upon final hearing the Circuit Court decreed that Irvine hold as trustee, for the use and benefit of the complainant, the one-half of 9,997 shares of the capital stock of the Morgan Mining Company, the shares being the gross proceeds received by Irvine as the consideration of a conveyance and disposition by him to the Morgan Mining Company of one-half of the mining property, the half of the stocks so held by Irvine in trust for the complainant being subject to a claim of Irvine for one-half of all the necessary expenses referred to in the decla-

IRVINE v. DUNHAM.

Opinion of the Court.

ration of trust, and of assessments on said stock made by the Morgan Mining Company and paid by Irvine. And the court confirmed the report of the master to whom the case had been referred, finding that the one-half of the expenses and assess. ments paid by Irvine was $14,221.76; and decreed that upon the payment of that sum by the complainant to Irvine, the latter should assign and transfer to complainant 4,998- shares of the capital stock of the Morgan Mining Company. From this decree Irvine appealed.

21. Geo. TIV Towle, Jr., and 31r. James appellant.

.. Johnston for

Jr. Skellabarger for appellee.

MR. JUSTICE WOODs delivered the opinion of the court. le stated the facts in the foregoing language and continued:
It is not disputed that the appellee has succeeded to all the rights of Sinton and Ihrie, if they had any, set forth in the bill of complaint. The question of fact at issue between the parties is, whether or not before the conveyance by the appellant to the Morgan Mining Company of the Morgan Mine, he held the title to an undivided fourth of the mine in trust for Sinton.
The declaration of trust signed by Irvine on March 28th, 1874, unless impeached, is evidence which settles this question conclusively in favor of the appellee. The appellant, however, contends, as appears from his answer and testimony, that his promise to hold one-fourth of the mine in trust for the complainant was a mere gratuity; that Sinton never paid any money or rendered any services in obtaining title to the mine; that the declaration of trust was never delivered, and that it was to take effect and bind him in case he never returned from proposed journey. The burden is on the appellant to make
this appear. It is shown by the record that in December, 1869, or Janu-
ary, 1870, the appellant purchased at a tax sale the title to the Morgan mine, that he received a deed therefor dated June 29th, 1870, from the sheriff, and was put in possession of the property by a writ of assistance. Prior to the purchase at the

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
tax sale James G. Fair and A. A. Selover had been in possession of the mine ; they claimed that Irvine had purchased the mine at the tax sale for them. Irvine demanded a large sun for his services, and after some delay gave them notice that if they did not accede to his demand he would hold the title for himself. Fair and Selover never paid the sum demanded by appellant, or any part of it, and appear to have abandoned all claim to the property. About this time, Henry D. Bacon and his associates, seven in number, were claiming title to the mine. On April 14th, 1873, they compromised their controversy with the appellant by an agreement that he should apply for a patent for the property in his own name, and, having obtained it, should sell the property and divide its proceeds, retaining one-half himself and turning over the other half to Bacon and his associates. The appellant accordingly applied for and obtained a patent in his own name for the property. When the Morgan Mining Company was formed, and the mine was conveyed to it, Bacon and his associates got half the stock in consideration of their interest in the mine held in trust for them by the appellant, who received the other half of the stock.
Without going into a discussion of the evidence, we state our opinion to be, after a careful examination of the record, that it is established by the testimony that Sinton, who was an experienced dealer in real property, contributed money and aided the appellant by his advice and co-operation in obtaining the tax title to the Morgan mine, and afterwards in getting the patent therefor from the United States, and in compromising the controversy between the appellant and Bacon and his associates in regard to the ownership of the mine; and that the money and services were contributed by Sinton on the agreement and understanding that he and the appellant were to share equally in the results of the enterprise. The fact that Sinton furnished the appellant money on account of the mine is found by the master to whom the case was referred, and no exception was taken to that part of his report. It is established that the appellant, after the compromise with Bacon and others, agreed to hold the title to the undivided half of the mine in trust for himself and Sinton, share and share alike,

IRVINE v. DUNhAM.
Opinion of the Court.
subject to the payment of the proportion of such undivided half in the costs and expenses incurred in securing title to and managing the property. The declaration signed by the appellant on March 28th, 1874, was simply an admission in writing by him of the contract between him and the appellee in relation to their interest in the Morgan mine.
The contention of the appellant that the declaration of trust was a mere gratuity is not sustained by the proof. On the contrary, independently of the declaration, the testimony in the record establishes the trust and its terms, as set up in the bill of complaint, and shows that the declaration of trust was not voluntary, but was based on a valuable consideration.
The appellant contends that the declaration of trust was put in the hands of Wilson as an escrow, to be delivered to Sinton only in case the appellant died on his proposed journey, and to be redelivered to the appellant in case he returned to California, and that as he did return, the declaration of trust became ineffectual to bind him. This contention amounts to this, that by accepting the declaration of trust upon the terms alleged by the appellant, Sinton agreed that if the appellant returned from his trip to the Eastern States, le would give up all claim to his share of the property. If such had been the agreement of the parties, they would naturally have embodied it in the written instrument. It contains no such stipulation. It is an unqualified and unconditional admission by the appellant that he held the property in trust for Sinton and himself, and that when it was sold or disposed of, he would divide its net proceeds equally between Sinton and himself. We find no evidence in the record sufficient to sustain the improbable story that Sinton agreed, in case appellant should return in safety from his trip to the Atlantic States, that he would give up his interest in this valuable property, to secure which he had contributed money, and services extending over a period of several years. In other words, we do not find that the declaration of trust was subject to any such condition.
The next contention of the appellant is that the decree should be reversed, because there has been no sale or disposal of his property, and that by the terms of the trust Sinton

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
bad only a right to the net proceeds after its sale or disposal.
But the record shows that the property had been disposed of by conveyance to the Morgan Mining Company. The deed of the appellant to the company effectually divested him of all title to the property. It became the property of the corporation, in which he retained no interest or estate. Mr. Justice Bradley, in Aforgan v. Thie Railroad Company, 1 Woods, 15. The conveyance was, therefore, a disposal of the property, and whether the consideration was cash or shares of the capital stock of the company, was immaterial. The appellant having parted with the title to the property, was bound to account for its, proceeds to the beneficiary of the trust according to the terms of the trust.
The appellant next contends that he is entitled, under the terms of the trust, to hold on to the stock, which he received as a consideration for the conveyance of the trust property, until there has been an accounting and the expenses and counsel fees have been paid. But by his answer he denies the trust, he claims to hold the stock for himself alone, he wants no accounting and does not offer to account, or to hand over any net proceeds of the property after an accounting. In other words, he seeks to hold on to the trust property until it suits him to execute a trust, the existence of which he denies.
Where there is a failure of suitable trustees to perform a trust, either from accident or from the refusal of the old trustees to act, or from their original or supervenient incapacity to act, or from any other cause, courts of equity will appoint new trustees. L'llison v. Ellison, 6 Ves. 656, 663; Lake v. De Zambert, 4 Ves. 592; Hlibbardv. Lamb, Ambler, 309; 2 Mad. Pr. Ch. 133; Com. Dig. Chancery, 4 W. T. No trustee can be nore unsuitable than one who not only refuses to act, but denies the trust. When, therefore, appellant denied that he held in trust the stock claimed by the appellee, the latter, having established the trust, was entitled to have, if he demanded it, a new trustee appointed, or if the appointment of a new trustee were not necessary for the preservation of his rights, to have an account taken by the court of the expenses

MOULOR v. AMERICAN LIFE INS. CO.
Syllabus.
and assessments with which his share of the trust property was chargeable, and upon their payment to have a transfer to himself of his share of the stock. The decree of the Circuit Court has given him these rights. There has been an accounting, and the sum with which the appellee's interest in the stock is chargeable has been ascertained, and when the sum so found is paid by appellee, and not till then, the decree of the court requires a transfer to him of his share of the stock. The decree of the court simply executes and winds up a trust, the existence of which it finds, but which the trustee denies and refuses to execute. Both parties got their rights under the decree. It must, therefore, be
Afli-rmed.
MOULOR v. AMERICAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY.
IN ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF TuE UNITED STATES FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Argued March 11th, 1884.-Decided April 14th, 1884.
Conract-Insurance-Exception-FalseRepresentatios-Practice-Trial.
Going to the jury upon one of several defences does not preclude the defendant, at a subsequent trial, from insisting upon other defences, involving the merits, which have not been withdrawn of record or abandoned in pursuance of an agreement with the opposite side.
A judgment will not be reversed upon a general exception to the refusal of the court to grant a series of instructions, presented as one request, because there happen to be in the series some which ought to have been given.
The principle reaffirmed, that when a policy of insurance contains contradictory provisions, or has been so framed as to leave room for construction, rendering it doubtful whether the parties intended the exact truth of the applicant's statements to be a condition precedent to any binding contract, the court should lean against that construction which imposes upon the assured the obligations of a warranty.
An applicant for life insurance was required to state, categorically, whether he had ever been afflicted with certain specified diseases. lie answered that le had not. Upon an examination of the several clauses of the application, in connection with the policy, it was held to be reasonably clear that the company required, as a condition precedent to a valid contract, nothing

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
TROBERTSON and Others v. PIOKRELL and Others.
IN ERROR TO THE SUPEEME COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUIMBIA.
Argued December 5th, 1883.-Decided December 17th, 1883.
.Districtof Colum7ia-Estoppel--Ed&nce-e-fdgment-Proate-T-ranscripe of 1udgment--- Will.
1. Records and judicial proceedings of each State affecting property or estate within it have in every other State the force and effect which they possess in the State of their origin : but as to similar property or estate situated in another State, they have no greater or other force than similar records or proceedings in the courts of that State.
2. The. probate of a will in one State does not establish the validity of the will as a will devising real estate in another State, unless the laws of the latter State permit it. The validity of the will for that purpose must be determined by the laws of the State in which the property is situated.
3. A transcript of the record of a probate of a will in Virginia, sufficient to pass real estate there, is not proof of the validity of the will in the District of Columbia for the purpose of passing real estate there.
4. In order to pass real estate situated in the District of Columbia, a will must be executed as provided by the laws in force there, and its validity must be established in the manner provided by those laws.
5. Probate of a will in the District of Columbia is evidence of its validity only so far as it affects personal property. As a will devising real estate the instrument itself must be produced, with the evidence of the subscribing witnesses, or if they be dead, or their evidence legally unattainable, with proof of their handwriting.
6. The plaintiffs claimed as heirs of R. They showed a deed by R to S of an estate in the premises for the life of M, but without covenants by S to surrender to R or his heirs, or as to any further interest in R. They also showed that the life estate of S passed by mesne conveyances to the' defendants : ield, that the defendants were not estopped from setting up an adverse superior title.
Suit to recover possession of 'a tract of land in the city of Washington.
.2f'. . G. BigeZow for the plaintiffs in error. -Mr.Samuel B. Paul for the defendants in error.
MR.JusTICE FIELD delivered the opinion of the court. This was an action of ejectment for a parcel of land in the city of Washington, District of Columbia. On the trial the

ROBERTSON v. PICKRELL.
Opinion of the Court.
plaintiffs gave in evidence a conveyance of the premises from the United States to one Robert Moore, executed in June, 1800; and then endeavored to trace title from the grantee through a devise in his last will and testament, bearing date in July, 1803. For this purpose they produced and offered a transcript of proceedings in the Hustings Court of Petersburg, in the State of Virginia, containing a copy of the will and of its probate in that court in December, 1804.
By the law of Virginia then in force, that court was authorized to take the probate of wills, as.well of real as of personal estate; and when a will was exhibited to be proved, it could proceed immediately to receive proofs, and to grant a certificate of its probate. Within seven years afterwards its validity was open to contestation in chancery by any person interested; but, if not contested within that period, the probate was to be deemed conclusive, except as to parties laboring at the time under certain disabilities, who were to have a like period to contest its validity after the removal of their disabilities.
The transcript was offered not merely as an exemplified copy of the record of the last will and testament of Robert Moore, and of its probate in the Hustings court, but also as conclusive proof of the validity of the will, and of all matters involved in its probate. Upon objecti6n of the defendants' counsel, it was excluded, and an exception was taken to the exclusion. The ruling of the court constitutes the principal error assigned for a reversal of the judgment.
We think the ruling was correct. Looking at the transcript presented, we find that it shows only that a paper purporting to be the last will and testament of the deceased was admitted to record upon proof that the instrument and the signature to it were in his handwriting. N'lo witnesses to its execution were called, no proof was offered of the genuineness of the signatures of the parties whose names are attached to it as witnesses, and no notice was given to parties interested of the proceedings in the Hustings court. As a record it furnishes no proof of an instrument executed as a last -will and testament in a form to pass real estate in the District of Columbia. The execution of such a will must be attested by at least three
VOL. CIX-89

' 610

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.

Opinion of the Court.

witnesses. It matters not how effective the instrument may be to pass real property in Virginia, it must be executed in the
manner prescribed by the law in force in the district to pass real property situated there, and its validity must be establishedin the manner required by that law. It is familiar doctHune that the law of the place governs as to the formalities necessary to the transfer of real property, whether testamentary or inter vivos. In most of the States in the Union a Will of real piopprty must be admitted to probate in some one of their courts before it can.be received elsewhere as a conveyance of such property. Butby the law of Iv[aryland, which governs in the District of Columbia, wills, so far as real property is concerned, are not admitted to such'probate. The com-
mon-law rule prevails on that subject. The Orphans' court there may, it is true, take the probate of wills, though they affect lands, provided they affect chattels also; but the probate is evidence of the -validity of the-will only so far as the personal property is concerned. As an instrument conveying real property the probate is not evidence of its execution. That must be shown by a production of the instrument itself and proof by ti subscribing witnesses; or, if they be not living, by proof of their handwriting.
So it matters not that the same effect is to be given in the courts'of this district to the record of the Hustings court, which, by tbte law of Virginia, can bb given to it there; that is, that it is to, be received as sufficient to pass the title to real propey' situated in that State. The questfon still remainsis the instrument sufficient to pass title to real property in the District of Columbia? If so, it should have been produced, and, proved in the manner: mentioned. If, as stated by counsel, it is on file in the Hustings court, and by the law of Virginia cannot be removed, then it shoul4 have been proved under a commission, as other instuments out of the State are proved, when it is impossible to compel thieir' production in
court. The act of Congress declaring the effedt to be given in any
coirt within the United States to the records and judicial proceedings*of the several States, does not require that thek shall

ROBERTSON v. PICKRELL.
Opinion of the Court.
have any greater force and efficacy in other courts than in the courts of the States from which they are~taken, but only such faith and credit as by law or usage they have there. Any other rule would be repugnant to all principle, and, as'we said on a former occasion, would contravene the policy of the provisions of the Constitution and laws of the United States on that subject. Boardo. Public Iortm v. Colubi College, 17 Wall. 521, 529.
It does not appear that the validity of the will of Mroore, as probated in 1804 in the Hustings Court of Petersburg, was ever afterwards contested in a court of chancery in Virgiiiia. Its probate must, therefore, be deemed conclusive, so far as that State is concerned, and the will held sufficient to pass allproperty which can be there transferred by a valid instrument of that kind. But no greater effect can be given out of Yirginia to the proceedings in the Hustings court. The probate establishes nothing beyond the validity of the will there. It does not take the place of provisions necessaxyto its validity as a will of real property in other States, if they are wanting. Its validity as such will, in other States, depends on its execution in conformity with their laws; and if probate there be also required, such probate must be had before it can be received as evidence.
Authority for these views is found in-the cases of _McCormack v. Sullivant, 10 Wheat. 192, and of .Dar&? v.-Myer, 10 Wheat. 465. In the first of them it app'eared that by the law of Ohio, before a will devising real property can b considered as valid, it must be presented to the court of common pleas of the countr where the land lies, for probate, and be proved by at least two of the subscribing witnesses, unless it has been proved and recorded in another State according to its laws; in which case an authenticated copy can -be offered for. probate without proof by the witnesses. A will devising real property in that State was admitted to probate in -the State of Penn, sylvania, and this court held that such probate gave no validity to the will in respect to the real property in Ohio, as to which' the deceased was to be considered as having died intestate. Ycor ak v. Sull'vant, 10 Wheat. at 202, 203. In the second case, which was an action of ejectment for land in Tennes-

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
see, the defendant endeavored to trace title to the premises through the will of one Kitts. - For that purpose a copy and probate of the will devising the property were produced in evidence, certified from the Orphans' Court of Baltimore County, Maryland, and admitted against the objection of the plaintiff. This court held the record inadmissible, and in its opinion explained the common-law doctrine as to what was legal evidence in an action of ejectment to establish a devise of real property. It stated that the ordinary's probate was no evidence of the execution of. the will in ejectment; that where the will itself was in existence and could be produced, it was necessary to produce it; and that when the will was lost or could not be. produced, secondary evidence was necessarily resorted to; but that, whatever the proof, it was required to be made before the court which tried the cause, the proof before the ordinary being ex parte, the heir at law having no opportunity to cross-examine the witnesses, and the same solemnities not being required to admit the will to probate, which are indispensable to give it validity as a devise of real property. An:d the court added that the law of Maryland, with regard to the evidence of a devise in ejectment, was the common law of England, and had been so recognized in decisions of the courts of that State. Darbyv. Mayer, 10 Wheat. at 468, 469.
The first of these cases shows that the probate of a will of real property in one State is of no force in establishing the validity of the will in another State. That must be determined by the'laws of the State where the property is situated. The second case shows that the proof of a devise of land in ejectment ii Maryland-and its law obtains in this district-must be made by the production of the will in court, and evidence of its execution by the subscribing-witnesses; or, if the will be lost, or cannot be produced, the proof must be made by secondary evidence of its -execution and contents,
The plaintiffs contend that they can use the record of the Hustings court in Virginia as proof of the genuineness of the instrument, and then supplement that proof by Parol evidence that the original was executed by three witnesses, and thus establishit as a will sufficient to pass, real estate in the District

ROBERTSON v. PICKRELL.
Opinion of the Court.
of Columbia. But in this contention they overlook a material circumstance. It is not sufficient to give effect to an instrument as a will of real property that its genuineness merely be established. Its genuineness must be shown by the witnesses, if they axe living, who attested its execution and heard the declaration of the testator as to its character and, if dead, their handwriting must be proved, as already stated. :No other proof will answer; oertainly not the probate of the will on ex _parte testimony by a tribunal of another State or country.
When the record of the will and probate were excluded, the plaintiffs offered parol evidence to show that the copy of the will in the record was a true copy of the.original now on file in the Hustings court. Upon objection the evidence was excluded, and we think properly so. The proof of such copy would not have established the validity of the original instrument as a will to pass real property in the District of Columbia. The law of Maryland of 1-785, upon whic the plaintiff relies, assuming that it is still in force, which may be doubte4, was not designed to change the formalities required by the local law for the validity of wills of real property executed in other States; but to give to authenticated -copies of such instruments, when rec6rded or filed with the register there, the same forcp and effi6acy which would attend the originals if produaed.
Failing to secure the introduction of the record of the Hustings court and the parol evidence mentioned, the" plaintiffs insisted that the defendantd were estopped from.hsserting an adverse title againist them. To support their position they introduced a deed by one Rob6rtson and his wife Maria, executed in 1839 to one Samuel Redfer. conveying the premises for the life of the said Maria, -and then showed '.conveyances in 'fee of the property from Redfern to'one Fraser, and from: Fr~er tp one John Pickrell, then a devise of thI property by him to Anna Pickrell, and by her to the defendants; and that the plaintiffs are heirs of Robertson and wife, who are dead, Maria having died in 1873 . and they contended that the conveyance by Thbertson and wife of a life estate to the grantor of parties through whom::'lte defendints trace their interest, precluded

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
them from asserting any title against the right of the plaintiffs to the reversion as heirs of Robertson and wife. This position was assumed upon the notion that a party who receives a deed of a life estate, and all persons taking a subsequent conveyance in fee from him or his grantees, or deriving title by devise from such grantees, are estopped to deny that the reversion upon the termination of the life estate is vested in the grantor or his heirs.
There was here, of course, no estoppel by deed against Redfern, the grantee of the life estate, for he did not join in the execution of the instrument, nor is his seal annexed to it. If any estopliel was created against his acquisition of the reversion from other parties than his grantors or persons claiming under them, it was one in pai8; and that can arise as between grantor and grantee only where from the relation of the parties there is implied in the acceptance of possession under the deed an obligation to restore the p6ssession on the happening of certain events, or to hold the property for the grantor's benefit or persons designated by'him, such as exists from the relation of landlord and tenant, of mortgagor and mortgagee, or the creator of a trust and trustee. Gardnerv. Greene, 5 R. I. 164.
The doctrine that a lessee entering into possession under a lease is estopped, whilst retaining possession, to deny .hisl'andlord's title is familiar. That arises from the nature of the contract of lease, *hich is for the possession and use, for a prescribed period, of the lessor's property, upon considerations to him by way of rent or otherwi~e, It implies an obligation to surrender the premises to the lessor on the termination of the lease, that is at the expiration of the time during which the owner has stipulated that the lessee may have the use and possession of his property. As said by this court in Bg-ght'81e88ee v. .Ro eeter, I Wheat. 535, "the title of the lessee is in fact the title of the lessor. He comes in by virtue of it, holds by virtue of it, and rests upon it to maintain and justify his positioii. He professes to have no independent right in himself, and it is a, part of the very essence of the contract under which he claims that the paramount ownership of the lessor shall be acknowledged during the continuance -of the lease, and that

ROBERTSON v. PICKRELL
Opinion of the Court.
possession shall be surrendered at its expiration. He cannot be allowed to controvert the title of the lessor without disparaging his own, and he cannot set up the title of another without violating that contract by which he obtained and holds.possession, and breaking that faith which he has pledged, and the obligation of which is still continuing and in full operation," page 54:7. And, in speaking in the same case of the relation between' vendee and vendor, the court added:
"The vendee acquires the property for himself, and his faith is not pledged to maintain the title-of the vendor. The rights of the vendor are intended to be extinguished by the sale, and he has no continuing interest inthe maintenance of his title, unless he should be called upon in consequence of some covenant or warranty in his deed. The property having become by.the sale the property of the vendee, he has a right to fortify that title by, the purchase of any other which may protect him in the quiet enjoyment of the premises. No principle-of morality restrains him from doing this, nor is either the letter or the spirit of the contract violated by it," page 548.
See also W'lon v. Watl7dn, 3 Pet. 43; Iatkik8 v. Holmwa, 16 Pet. 54, and Taylor on Landlord and Tenant, sec. 14.
To this general statement of the law there is this qualification, that a grantee cannot dispute his grantor's title at the time of conveyance so as to avoid payment of the purchase price of the property; nor can the grantee in a contest with another, whilst relying solely upon the title conveyed to him, question its validity when set up by the latter. In othe words, he cannot assert that the title obtained from his grantor, or through him, is sufficient for his protection, and not available to his contestant. Where both parties assert title from a common grantor, and .no other source, neither can deny that such grantor had a valid title when he executed his conveyance. Ae8 v. Sawyer, 4 Dev. & Bat. Law, 51, and G-iiam v. Bird, 8 Iredell Law, 280. The case of Board v. Board,to which counsel refer, was decided up6n similar grounds. There the deendant in ejectment, claiming as grantee under the devisee

OCTOBER TERM, 1883..
Opinion of the Court.
of' a life estate under a will, was held to be estopped from denying the, validity of the will in an action by the grantees of the remainderman. Law :Rep. 9 Queen's Bench, 48.
With exceptions or limitations of this character it will be found on examination of the authorities, particularly those of a modem date, that the doctrine of estoppel irnpais,however it may have .been- applied formerly, cannot now be asserted to preclude the grantee from denying his grantor's title and acquiring a superior one, unless there exists such a relation of the parties to each othe as would render the proceeding a breach of good faith and common honesty. No such relation exists between giantor'and grantee in an absolute conveyance without recital or covenant, whether it be of the fee or of an estate for life. The grantee does not recognize by the acceptance of such a conveyance of an estate for the life of another, the possession of any greater estate in the grantor, or any obligation to hold the premises for him- after the termination of the estate. So far as he is informed by such a conveyance he takes the entire -interest of the grantor' in the property. He does him, therefore, no wrong by purchasing any adverse claims which may strengthen his own title, or which may give him a title after the termination of the life estate. Covenants in the instrument intended for him, such as to restore and surrender the premises on the termination of the life estate, or recitals declaring the reversion to be in the grantor or others, would of course change the relations of the parties. Obligations from such covenants or recitals might arise which' would control the action of the grantee. Atlantic Dock Co. v. Leavitt, 5-4 N. Y. 35. Here, as already stated, there is nothing of the kind. The conveyance is for the life of Maria and no longer, and without covenants or recitals as to any further interest of the grantors or of others. By taking a deed poll of this character no obligation to the -grantors could arise, and, consequently, no estoppel precluding the grantee, and those claiming under him, from accepting conveyances from other sources to strengthen their existing interests or to acquire the reversion, and thus securing to themselves the absolute fee. In Osterhout v. ,Shemaker, 3 Hil, 513, the Supreme Court of New York held a similar dodtrinq

ROBERTSON v. PICKRELL.

.617

Opinion of the Court,

as to the relation between grantor and grantee in fee. Speaking by Judge Bronson it said:
"There is no estoppel where the occupant is not under an obligation, express or implied, that he will at some time, or in some event, surrender the possession. The grantee in fee is under no such obligation. He does not receive the possession under any contract, express or implied, that he will ever give it up. He takes the land to hold for himself, and to dispose of it at pleasure. He owes no faith or allegiance to the grantor, and he does him no wrong when he treats him as an utter stranger to the title."
This language was subsequently cited with approval by the court of appeals of the State in the case of Sparrowv. E~ingman, 1 N. Y. 242, and there is no reason why it should not apply with equal force to a grantee of an estate for life as to a grantee in fee. There is nothing in the nature of the estate which necessarily implies that the grantor is the owner of the reversion. The absence in the deed here of any reference to a reversionary interest would rather seem to negative such ownership." Be that as it may, there was no implied obligation from any relation of the parties to each other which could estop the grantee of the life estate, or persons claiming under him, from denying the title of his grantors to any greater estate than the one conveyed, or from acquiring title to the.reversion from other sources.
We have considered in this opmInon that ledfern took possession of the premises in controversy under the deed to him of the life estate, because on the argument that fact was assumed as established; but there is no direct evidence on the point in the record.
.Judgment -affirmed.

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Syllabus.
CANAL BANK & Others v. HUDSON & Another.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI.
Submitted February 12th, 1884.-Decided March 24th, 1884.
Devise-Equity-ILien-Parties-Statutesof Jlississippi- Trusts.
The plaintiffs, as creditors, whose debts were secured by a deed of trust on land in Mississippi, having brought a suit in equity to enforce the trust and to sell the land, joined as defendants, by a supplemental bill, persons in possession, who claimed to own the land under a title founded on a sale made under a judgment recovered prior to the execution of the deed of trust, but which judgment had been held by this court, in the same suit (Bank v. Partee,99 U. S. 325), before the filing of the supplemental bill, to be void, as against the plaintiffs. The defendants in possession set up a claim to be allowed for the amount they had paid in discharge of a lien or charge on the land created by a will devising the land to the original grantor in the deed of trust, and for taxes paid, and for improvements. These claims were allowed.
A devise of land was made by a will, upon specified conditions, "under the penalty, in case of non-compliance, of loss of the above property," the conditions being to pay certain money legacies, and a life annuity in money. Then other legacies in money were given. Then there was a provision, "that all the legacies which I have given in money and not charged upon any particular fund " should not be payable for two years "after my decease," followed by a provision as to the payment by the devisee of interest on the first-named money legacies after she should come into possession of the land devised. No other money legacies were given payable by any person on conditions, and there were no other legacies in money which could answer the description of legacies in money charged on a particular fund lield, That the life annuity was a charge on the land devised.
The statute of Mississippi, Revised Code of 1857, chap. 57, article 15, p. 401, which provides, that "no judgment or decree rendered in any court held within this State shall be a lien on the property of the defendant therein for a longer period than seven years from the rendition thereof," does not apply to a decree of a Court of Chancery in Mississippi, establishing the arrears due on such life annuity as a specific lien on such land by virtue of such will, in a suit in chancery brought by the life annuitant.
The will being proved and recorded in the county where the land was situated, it was not necessary, in such suit in chancery by the life annuitant, to make as defendant the trustee in a deed of trust made by the devisee under the will, provided, in a suit to enforce the deed of trust, brought by the beneficiaries under it, they were given the right to contest the validity of the lien claimed by the life annuitant and to redeem the land from such lien, when established.

CANAL BANK v. HUDSON.
Opinion of the Court.
The defendants claiming title under the devisee, and she being entitled to a distributive share of the entire estate of the life annuitant, who died during the pendency of such suit in chancery, it is not proper to abate from the allowance to the defendants of the amount paid by them to discharge the decree in such suit, any sum on account of the distributive share of such devisee in the amount so paid.
The defendants having acquired their title under a deed of trust executed after the original bill in this suit was filed, and before the grantor in such deed was served with process in this suit, it was held that they, being in fact purchasers in good faith, were not chargeable with notice of the intention of the plaintiffs to bring this suit, within the provisions of the Revised Code of Mississippi, of 1871, chap. 17, article 4, § 1557, in regard to allowances for improvements on land to purchasers in good faith, until they were served with process on the supplemental bill.
The meaning of the words "good faith" in the statute, and as applicable to this case, defined.
The amount allowed by the Circuit Court, for improvements, upheld as proper, under the special circumstances.
_Mr. William I. Xgent, Mr. Assistanet Attorney-General Maury and Mr. W. Ilallett Phillipsfor appellants.
Mr. Wiley P. Harris and Mr. Frank Johnston for appellees.
MR. JUSTICE BLATCHFORD delivered the opinion of the court. The litigation involved in this appeal is a continuation of that which was before this court in -Bankv. Partee,99 U. S. 325. The plaintiffs in the suit were appellants then and are appellants now. The original bill was filed April 1st, 1873, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern Distriet of Mississippi, by the appellants, as creditors of Sarah D. Partee and William B. Partee, her husband, to secure to them the benefit of a deed of trust executed by the debtors to one Bowman, covering lands in Yazoo County, Mississippi, the object of the deed being to provide for the payment of debts, among which were those due to the appellants. The Circuit Court excluded the appellants from the benefit of the deed of trust, because of their failure to notify in writing within a time limited by the deed their acceptance of its terms, and that court also held that the title to certain of the land covered by the deed had failed in the trustee because of a para-

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
mount title thereto perfected under a judgment recovered against the debtors by one Stewart before the execution of the deed of trust. This court held that, notwithstanding the provision in regard to an acceptance in writing of the terms of the deed, the appellants were entitled to its full benefits, and that the judgment of Stewart was a nullity as respected Mrs. Partee, who was the debtor to Stewart, and was the owner of the lands covered by the deed of trust. This court reversed the decree below and remanded the cause for further proceedings, in April, 1879.
Stewart and James D. Partee, a son of the debtors, had become the purchasers of the land sold under the Stewart judgment! In May, 1879, after the filing in the Circuit Court of the mandate from this court, the appellants filed a supplemental bill. One acre of the land bought by Stewart and a part of the land bought by James D. Partee are involved in that bill and in the present appeal. The original deed of trust was made November 19th, 1866. The deed of the sheriff to James D. Partee, on the sale under the Stewart judgment, was made January 4th, 1869, the judgment having been recovered June 6th, 1866. The land so conveyed to James D. Partee was in quantity equal to 51- sections, and was all in township 9 of range 4 west in Yazoo County, embracing land in 7 different sections. The land constituted what is known in this controversy as 2 plantations called "No Mistake," and "Tyrone." In February, 1870, James D. Partee and his wife conveyed these plantations to one Barksdale, in trust to secure an indebtedness of $41,500 to the firm of Nelson, Lamphier & Co. Under this deed of trust the plantations were sold and conveyed by the trustee to one Nelson, a member of that firm, in June, 1872. On April 15th, 1873, Nelson conveyed the plantations to one Short, in trust to secure an indebtedness of $35,000, embracing 18 promissory notes, to said firm. Two of these notes came to be owned by Joseph P. Benson and two by Charles C. Ewing, as administrator of S. S. Ewing, and they, with holders of others of the notes, brought a suit in equity, in August, 1876, in the Chancery Court of Yazoo County to foreclose said trust deed. A decree of sale was made in January, 1877, and the said Benson and Ewing

CANAL BANK v. HUDSON.
Opinion of the Court.
and one Robert G. Hudson purchased the lands at the sale, in February, 1877. On July 3d, 1877, Benson conveyed to Ewing and Hudson all his interest in the plantations. They are the appellees in this appeal.
The plantations were originally the property of one James Dick, who was the uncle of Mrs. Sarah D. Partee. They were known together by the name of " No Mistake." By that name they were devised by Dick, by will, to Mrs. Partee. The will was proved in March, 1849. Mrs. Partee's parents were Christopher Todd and Sarah Todd. The will contained these provisions :
"To my niece, Sarah D. Todd, wife of William B. Partee, of New Orleans, and to her heirs, I give and bequeath: Ist. My plantation, commonly called 'No Mistake' plantation, near Satartia, Yazoo County, State of Mississippi, with all the negroes, horses, mules, cattle, buildings, and farming utensils that may be found on said estate at the time of my death and belonging to me. 2d. I give and bequeath to the said Sarah D. Todd and to her heirs about six thousand acres of land, situated in this State, and entered by E. Lawrence and Brashear in my name. This bequest is made to Sarah D. Todd, wife of William B. Partee, upon the following conditions under the penalty, in case of non-compliance, of loss of the above property : The first of said conditions is that the said Sarah D. Todd, wife of the said William B. Partee, shall within the next ensuing month after my death pay to Miss Elizabeth Calhoun, of Maury County, State of Tennessee, and to Nathaniel Calhoun, and to Christopher Calhoun, his brother, children of Margaret Todd, wife of Charles Calhoun, and residing in Maury County, Tennessee, the sum to each of twelve thousand dollars ; that is to say, to Miss Elizabeth Calhoun the sum of twelve thousand dollars, to Nathaniel Calhoun the sum of twelve thousand dollars, and to Christopher Calhoun twelve thousand dollars, and in the ease of the death of either or any of them without issue, then the sum or sums coming to said deceased parties or their heirs to be given to the survivor or survivors in equal proportions. The second of said conditions is that the said Sarah D. Todd and her heirs shall pay to Christopher Tod'd and to Sarah, his wife, my sister, one thousand dollars per annum during the life of either, payable as they or the survivor may require it."

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
The will then gives various lands and legacies in money to various persons named, and then proceeds:
"And my will is as follows: That all the legacies which I have given in money and not charged upon any particular fund is not demandable from any person whomsoever for the term of two years after my decease. . . . And should any legatee endeavor by action of any kind or nature, before any court in any State, to break, injure or destroy any of my dispositions, the bequest or legacy to such person or persons is annulled or rescinded by me. The legacies of $12,000 each to Elizabeth Calhoun, Nathaniel Calhoun and Christopher Calhoun may be paid by Sarah D. Todd, wife of William B. Partee, in the following manner, viz. : To Elizabeth Calhoun on the day of her marriage, and to Nathaniel and Christopher when they become of age, upon condition that the said Sarah D. Todd pays to the said legatees annually interest at seven per cent. upon their respective legacies, after she comes in possession of 'No Mistake' plantation."
Mrs. Todd having died in 1853, and Christopher Todd having been paid his annuity up to January 1st, 1861, he filed a bill in chancery, in November, 1867, in the Chancery Court of Yazoo County, against William B. Partee and his wife, claiming that such annuity was a charge on the land so devised to Mrs. Partee, and praying for a sale of the land to pay the arrears due on the annuity. Christopher Todd having died during the pendency of the suit, it was revived in the name of Edward Drenning, his special administrator, and the court, on June 8th, 1868, made a decree that there was due to Todd at his death, as an annuitant under said will, $7,680.04, that that sum was a lien on said "No Mistake" plantation, against all liens created thereon since the death of Dick, and that said land be sold to pay that sum. It was sold, by the same description as in said conveyance to James D. Partee, to said Hudson and Ewing, on April 15th, 1878, they being then the owners of the decree in the suit, and they received a deed of that date therefor. In 1871 James D. Partee, as owner of the land, had paid a part of the Drenning decree. In February, 1877, Drenning was paid the balance by Robert G. Hudson and assigned the decree

CANAL BANK v. HUDSON.
Opinion of the Court.
to him, under an order of the Chancery Court, the assignment being for the benefit of Benson, Hudson and Ewing. Afterwards Hudson and Ewing acquired all the interest of Benson therein.
Hudson and Benson, and Charles C. Ewing, individually and as administrator of S. S. Ewing, and Drenning, as executor of Stewart and as administrator of Todd, were made parties to the supplemental bill in this suit. That bill attacks the validity of the Drenning decree and claims an account of the rents and profits of the land. The parties defendant having put in answers, to which there were replications, the court ordered that the controversy as to Hudson and Ewing and Drenning proceed separately.
On the 29th of November, 1880, the court made a decree setting aside the deeds under which Hudson, Benson, and Ewing obtained title, and decreeing that the deed of April 15th, 1878, to Hudson and Ewing, on the sale under the Drenning decree, was subject to the right of redemption of the appellants as junior encumbrancers, under the original trust deed of November 19th, 1866; that Hudson and Ewing were entitled to be reimbursed what they had paid to Drenning in purchasing his decree, with interest, that amount being $9,391.23, paid February 5th, 1877, and being a paramount lien on the lands in controversy; that Hudson and Ewing were entitled to be reimbursed what they had paid for taxes, and the value of all improvements of a permanent character put on the lands by them, and repairs, but were responsible for a reasonable sun annually for the use and occupation of the lands up to January 1st, 1881; that for the balance due them on an accounting they should have a lien on the lands superior to that of the appellants; that the balance, if any, due by them should be deducted from the amount due them on account of the Todd legacy; that the appellants were entitled to foreclose their trust deed and sell the land subject to such prior claim of Hudson and Ewing; that an account be taken by commissioners as to the amount due to Hudson and Ewing on the Todd legacy decree, and for taxes paid, and as to the fair rental value of the lands during the time they had occupied

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
and cultivated or leased the same, and interest on such sums from the time they would usually become due and payable, and of the improvements and repairs put on the lands by Hudson and Ewing, "and interest on the value of such portions thereof, from the time of payment or making said repairs and improvements, as may have directly contributed to the enbanced rental value of said lands;" that, in estimating the fair rental value of the lands, the commissioners should inquire what they would have brought in money, if leased together or separately to a solvent lessee or lessees, on the usual or customary terms of leasing such lands as entire plantations or an entire plantation, without reference to any system of underletting pursued by Hudson and Ewing, with as well as without the improvements claimed for by them; and that for all improvements and repairs which directly contributed to enhance the rental value of the lands, the commissioners should allow the original fair cash value and interest from the date at which they were made or furnished, and for all other improvements which enhanced the permanent value of the lands, their actual value at the time of taking the account.
On the 24th of November, 1881, the commissioners made their report. It is set forth in the record, but the account annexed to it and the testimony taken by the commissioners are not set forth. The result was, that they found due to the appellants by the appellees $8,865.99, and to the appellees by the appellants $37,697.92, and that the balance due to the appellees was $28,831.93. The appellants excepted to the account and the report by 19 exceptions. Thereafter the exceptions were heard by the court, and it filed an opinion, which states that the account is not in accordance with the directions of the court or the equities between the parties. It then proceeds: "I have examined and re-examined the account filed by the defendants, and have maturely considered the testimony on both sides, and have arrived at conclusions which I am satisfied meet the equities on both sides as nearly as can reasonably be reached." It then states conclusions of fact on which the rent for 1877 is fixed at $1,000. It then sets forth certain improvements which the defendants made in 1878, and states that they charge there-

CANAL BANK v. HUDSON.
Opinion of the Court.
for $3,199.37, claiming that these improvements were necessary and enhanced the rental value of the premises; but it says that the improvements "ought not to have been considered as constituting part of the rents," but must be considered "as adding to the permanent value of the lands." It then says: "I have closely examined the account, and, making a liberal allowance for the cash value of the same on the 1st of January, 1881, when the same were surrendered to the receiver, the sum of $2,053.50 is all that should be allowed," with interest from January 1st, 1881. The opinion then sets forth other improvements which the defendants made in 1878, and states that it was claimed they "were necessary and enhanced the rental value of the place, and should be estimated at their original cost and interest;" but it says that the value of those improvements consisted "mainly in their permanency, which should be estimated at their cost value when the property was surrendered, but, as it did contribute to some extent to the rental value for that and succeeding years" during the defendants' occupancy, $4,897.35 was allowed, "at a fair estimate" under that rule, as the value of those improvements, being "more than the permanent value and less than the cost." The rent for 1878 was fixed at $1,500. Deducting from the $4,897.35 the rent for the two years, $2,500, left $2,397.35, with interest from January 1st, 1879. The opinion then states what improvements the defendants made in 1879, that they were "of the same character with those erected in 1878," and that they amounted, "at an estimnate made under the rule above stated," to $2,997.68, "from which take the sum of $2,500, as estimated, as a reasonable rent for that year," which leaves to be allowed $497.68, with interest from January 1st, 1880. The opinion then states that the repairs made in 1880 were small, but there were several items charged for improvements made in 1878, 1879 and 1880, not before stated, and which could not be well stated, except as a whole. It then considers at length sundry items, and allows some and disallows others and reduces others, and allows for the items, "all taken together, including improvements made in 1880," $3,655.16, and deducts from that $3,000, as rent for 1880, leaving $655.16, with interest from January 1st, 1881. On

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
the rendering of that opinion, it was ordered, by consent of parties, that the opinion and the schedule attached to it (which was a statement of the items and amounts allowed in the opinion) should "be filed and treated as part of the record in the cause," and that the court might "by order, without reference to a commissioner, ascertain and. fix the several amounts, as well as the aggregate sum due to the defendants Hudson and Ewing," under the decree of November 29th, 1880.
Thereupon, on the 18th of February, 1882, the court made a final decree. That decree states that the case was heard on the exceptions to the report of the commissioners; that the court, being of opinion that said report does not conform to the decree of November 29th, 1880, orders "that said report and the account therewith presented be set aside," and, "after argument of counsel, proceeding to the decision of the several questions of law and fact involved in the cause," adjudges that there is "due to the defendants Hudson and Ewing, under the judgment and findings of the court on said exceptions, on account of the Todd legacy decree," $12,365.77, and on 'account of the taxes paid on and by said defendants on the lands, $1,567.44, and that, "after ascertaining and crediting the amount due for reasonable rents " of the lands, "there is a balance due to the said defendants, on account of improvements, repairs and betterments," of $6,309.60, making a total sum due them of $20,242.83, with interest from that date. The decree then finds the amounts due to the several plaintiffs on their notesi being an aggregate of $4:7,136.06, with interest from that date, and adjudges that the plaintiffs are entitled to redeem the lands, and that on their paying within sixty days, to the defendants, the $20,242.83, with interest, they should be substituted to their rights as senior encumbrancers on the lands, and might enforce payment thereof by a sale of the lands; that, if the plaintiffs should not pay that sumn, then the lien of the defendants and that of the plaintiffs should be enforced, and the lands should be sold, and out of the proceeds the amount so due to the defendants should first be paid. From this decree the plaintiffs have appealed.
The only questions presented by this appeal are as to the

CANAL BANK v. HUDSON.
Opinion of the Court.
allowance in respect of the Drenning decree, and as to the allowances for improvements and repairs and the charges for rent.
It is contended by the appellants that, under the will of Dick, the annuity legacy to Todd and his wife was not a charge on the plantation devised to Mrs. Partee, but was only a personal claim against her, to be enforced by proper proceedings for the forfeiture of the land, on a breach of the conditions specified in the will. The argument made is, that the penalty imposed by the will, of loss of the property in case of non-compliance with the conditions, shows that the testator did not intend to create a lien. But we are of opinion, that, taking the whole will together, a lien was created. The reference to the prior legacies given in money and not charged on any particular fund, of which there are many, shows that there must have been some prior legacies in money which were charged on a particular fund, and the fact that no other legacies in money but those which Mrs. Partee is to pay, as conditions on which the plantation is given to her, are given payable by any person as conditions on which property is given to such person, and that there are no other legacies in money which can answer the description of legacies in money "charged" on a "particular fund," all combine to furnish persuasive evidence that the legacies which Mrs. Partee was to pay were a lien on the plantation. The intention of the testator seems to be clear, and the plantation is not inappropriately called a "fund." Nor can the lien or charge be limited to the 6,000 acres of land. The conditions attach to the entire bequest, consisting of two items. They apply to the legacies to the three Calhoun children and to the annuity legacy to Christopher Todd and his wife; and the subsequent provision as to the times when Mrs. Partee may pay the several legacies to the Calhoun children, on condition that she pays them annually interest on such legacies after she comes in possession of the plantation, shows that that plantation is given to her on condition that she pays those legacies, and, if so, such annuity legacy must be in the same category. Bb'~dsall v. J[ewlel, 1 Paige, 32; I[arrisv. Fly, 7 id. 421; loder v. Halfeld, 71 N. Y. 92, 97.

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
It is further contended that the Drenning decree, which was made June 8th, 1868, was barred, as to its lien, by the Mississippi statute of limitations, when it was purchased by Hudson for himself and Ewing and Benson, in April, 1877. The statute relied on is article 15 of chapter 57 of the Revised Code of Mississippi, of 1857, page 401, in these words:
"No judgment or decree rendered in any court held within this State shall be a lien on the property of the defendant therein for a longer period than seven years from the rendition thereof."
It is plain, we think, that this statute applied only to a judgment or decree rendered in }ersonavn against a defendant, for the recovery of so much money, and which became a general lien on the property of the defendant in the judgment or decree by virtue of another statutory provision, such as article 261 of chapter 61 of the same Code, page 524. Article 15 of chapter 57 has no reference to such a decree as the Drenning decree here, one establishing and enforcing a specific lien on devised property, created by a will, the decree being made in a suit in chancery brought for that especial purpose. The decree adjudges that the amount found to be due was made by the will of Dick a lien and charge on the plantation devised to Mrs. Partee, and decrees that the plantation stand charged with the payment of that amount, against all liens created thereon by the defendants in the suit since the death of Dick. The decree adjudges, it is true, that the defendants pay to the plain-' tiff the sun so found due, within thirty days, and that, in default thereof, enough of the plantation be sold to pay such sum. But no execution is awarded against the defendants as on a personal judgment, nor is there any provision for a decree for a deficiency. It was held in Mississippi, in Cobb v. Duke, 36 Miss. 60, in 1858, that a court of equity had no jurisdiction to make a decree in personavm, for a deficiency on a bill to enforce a vendor's lien on land, or on a bill to foreclose a mortgage. The same principle applies to the lien in question here. The decree did not create a lien, but merely gave effect to the lien and charge which the will created. In a decree in personam for the recovery of money, the statute provided for a lien on

CANAL BANK v. HUDSON.
Opinion of the Court.
all the property of the defendant in the county; but this decree affected only the specific property in question, and, as to that, related back and overreached all liens on it since the death of Dick, while a judgment in pcrsonam became a lien only from the time it was rendered.
The bill filed by Todd to enforce his lien made defendants only William B. Partee and his wife. Bowman, the trustee in the appellants' trust deed, was not made a party. But, the will of Dick was proved and recorded in Yazoo County, and the appellants, claiming under Mrs. Partee, by a subsequent deed of trust, took the land subject to the lien and charge created by the will. The appellants aver, in their original bill, that a letter was written by Bowman, the trustee, two days after the deed of trust was made, to the appellants' attorneys in New Orleans, in a copy of which letter annexed to the bill it is stated, as a result of an examination of the records of Yazoo County, with the view of ascertaining what liens or encumbrances there were on the property of Mrs. Partee, that, under the will of Dick, from whom the property was derived, there was an annuity of $1,000 to be paid to one Todd during his lifetime. The only effect of the omission to make Bowman a party to the suit, was to leave the title of a purchaser under the decree in the suit subject to the right of the appellants, as junior encumbrancers, to contest the validity of the prior lien, and to redeem the property. This right has been accorded to them.
The appellants also claim, that there should be an abatement of a portion of the amount paid by the appellees to Drenning, to the extent of Mrs. Partee's distributive share in that amount, as a part of the estate of Christopher Todd, her father. In,Vebruary, 1877, when Drenning received payment of the balance due on the decree, he was the legal owner of the decree. He had not then been made a party to this suit. Mrs. Partee had no claim in respect of any money due on the decree, other than such claim as she had to her proper share of the entire estate of her father, in due course of its administration. When the decree was purchased by the appellees, no claim of Mrs. Partee was attached to or impressed upon it, or the

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
moneys due or paid on it. She had no title to any specific part of the uncollected legacy, and could not interfere with its collection or administration. When her share in her father's estate should ultimately come to be ascertained, she might, if still owning the plantation and interested to free it from the charge of the legacy, set off against the decree the amount coining to her from the general estate. But, in the absence of any right, on her part, to any specific share of the legacy, there was nothing to affect or diminish or extinguish or merge the amount of the charge on the plantation. The Todd estate must be left to its due course of administration, and cannot be interfered with or administered in this suit.
The only material questions remaining are those connected with the allowances for improvements. In a decree made by the court below, in this suit, on November 20th, 1879, on a hearing on .exceptions to the answer of Iudson and Ewing, it was adjudged that they, claiming title to a part of the property in controversy under a trust deed executed by Nelson, a defendant in the original bill herein, on the 15th of April, 1873, "prior to any process, publication, or appearance in this cause by said Nelson, are not estopped as to said property by the lis pendens, or the proceedings heretofore had in the cause, from answering the original bill," but "are proper parties defendant to the said original bill, as having a substantial interest in the original controversy." The title of Nelson, as a support to any title of the appellees to the land, was destroyed by the decision as to the Stewart judgment. The original bill herein was filed April 1st, 1873. Nelson was made a defendant to it. Process of subpomna was issued against him July 8th, 1873, but was not served. On November 10th, 1873, on an affidavit that Nelson resided in Tennessee, an order of publication against him was made. He appeared on the 30th of January, 1874, and answered on the 11th of February, 1874. Meantime, on the 15th of April, 1873, Nelson made to Short the deed of trust before mentioned, on a sale under which the appellees purchased the land, in February, 1877. The supplemental bill was filed May 27th, 1879. after the appellees had acquired all their titles. They were made parties to it and were served with process, Iudson

CANAL BANK v. HUDSON.
Opinion of the Court.
June 30th, 1879, and Ewing July 4th, 1879. They admit, in their answer, that, at the sale under the Drenning decree, on the 15th of April, 1878, one of the attorneys for the appellants appeared and asserted some claim in behalf of the appellants, in the hearing of Hudson. There is nothing more in the record on that subject, and just what the assertion of claim was or to what extent does not appear. Their answer alleges that "they purchased the property in good faith, and went into the possession of the same, believing they had a good title to the same and could hold it against the claims of all the world, and without any knowledge whatever of the claim of complainants or of this suit, and that they paid, including the Todd decree, the full value of all the property purchased by them in its then bad and dilapidated condition, and have since enhanced the value of the same very greatly by putting upon it permanent and valuable and not ornamental improvements;" and "that they are entitled to pay, in case they should be adjudged not to have the title to said property, for the valuable and permanent and not ornamental improvements they have put on said property, up to the time they were served with notice in this case, or, if not entitled to pay for all said improvements up to that date, they are for all said improvenients up to the time" of said notification on April 15th, 1878. The answer also insists on the validity of the title of the appellees. By consent of parties and the order of the court made in February, 1880, they were allowed to remain in possession of the land for the year 1880, on giving a bond to account for the fair rental value for that year, if the court should finally decide that they should account for said rent. As has been seen, they were allowed for some improvements to the end of 1880. They entered into possession of the land January 1st, 1877, and surrendered possession to the receiver in this suit January 1st, 1881.
It is manifest that the claim for allowances for improvements, set up in the answer, is intended to be based on the provisions of the statute of Mississippi, 1revised Code of 1871, chap. 17,
article 4, § 1557, which enacts that "it shall be lawful, in all
cases, for the defendant in ejeetment, or in an action for mesne profits, to plead the value of all permanent, valuable and not

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
ornamental improvements, made by the defendant on the land, or by any one under whom he claims, before notice of the intention of the plaintiff to bring the action, giving notice, with his plea, of the character of the improvements, and the value thereof; and, if such improvements shall exceed the value of the mesne profits and damages, the jury shall find the actual cash value of such improvements, the value of the mesne profits and damages, and also the actual cash value of the land, without the improvements, and the defendant shall have a lien upon the land for the difference between the value of the mesne profits and the value of the improvements so found; . . . but no defendant shall be entitled to such compensation for improvements, unless he shall claim the premises under some deed or contract of purchase, made or acquired in good faith."
The Supreme Court of Mississippi interpreted this statute, in 1876, in Cole v. Johnson, 53 Miss. 94, in a suit in chancery brought by a person who had bought lands at a void probate sale, and paid for them and put valuable improvements on them, to restrain an ejectment suit against him, and to have an account taken of the rents and profits, and of the improvements and purchase money, the latter having been applied to pay the debts of the estate, and to set them off against each other, and charge on the land the balance due the plaintiff. Such relief was granted. It was urged for the defendants that, as the defects in the probate proceedings were patent on the record, by inspection, the plaintiff was not a purchaser in good faith, and did not pay his money in good faith. The court held that it was sufficient if the money was "genuinely paid," without any knowledge or suspicion of fraud, the item "good faith" being used in contradistinction to "bad faith ;"
and that the expressions as to "good faith" in § 1557 did not
import that the claim to compensation for improvements could not be maintained if the purchaser could, by any possible research, have discovered the invalidity of his title, and meant nothing more than an honest belief on the part of the purchaser that he was the true owner. The court adopted the rule stated in Green v. Biddle, 8 Wheat. 1, 79, that a "1bone fidei possessor" of land is one "who not only supposes himself to be

CANAL BANK v. HUDSON.
Opinion of the Court.
the true proprietor of land, but who is ignorant that his title is contested by some other person claiming a better right to it;" and that, after such occupant has notice of such claim, he becomes "a mal fidei possessor." It further said: " Our view is, that, in order to deprive the occupant of land under color of title, of the value of permanent improvements erected thereon, there must be brought home to him either knowledge of an outstanding paramount title, or some circumstance from which the court or jury may fairly infer that he had cause to suspect the invalidity of his own title, but that this cannot be inferred merely because it could have been demonstrated by the records of the county." Speaking of " crassa neqlientia," it added: "Where the purchase is made under circumstances which would warrant the imputation of such negligence to the purchaser, as if, for instance, a deed was received, without inquiry, from a mere stranger to the land, who had neither possession thereof nor any actual or apparent claim thereon, the claim of being a bona fide purchaser might well be rejected. But we do not think that such imputation can ever be predicated of a judicial sale because of defects in the record, where the land has been bought by a person disconnected with the proceedings, and with no actual notice or suspicion of the irregularities contained in them."
The Circuit Court, it is clear, found, in this ease, that the appellees acquired their alleged title in good faith, under the rule thus established. The evidence is not in the record, and must be regarded as sufficient to support such finding. It is shown that the appellees purchased under a tax title in January, 1876, went into possession January 1st, 1877, purchased the Drenning decree February 5th, 1877, purchased at the sale under the deed of trust from Nelson to Short February 19th, 1877, and purchased at the sale under the Drenning decree April 15th, 1878. We do not think that the notice) whatever it was, given at the sale of April 15th, 1878, was sufficient to charge the appellees with males fides, and that there was nothing amounting to the "notice " specified in the statute, until the process under the supplemental bill was served on the appellees.
The only questionable period left open is that which re-
VOL. CX-6

OCTOBER TERM, 1883
Opinion of the Court.
mained until the close of 1880. The testimony on which the Circuit Court acted is not before us. It is plain, from the opinion of the court, that, from the testimony it had, it found that the improvements on the plantation, which was a cotton plantation, and the facilities for preparing the cotton crop for market, were dilapidated when the appellees took possession; that the improvements made, and the clearing of more land, in 1878, added 50 per cent. to the rent for that year; and that there was thus constituted a permanent fund for increased rent for after years, so that, with the additional improvements made in 1879, the rent for 1879 was equal to the rent for both of the two preceding years, and the rent for 1880 was increased $500 over that for 1879. The year 1879 must be considered as a whole from January to January. It is impossible to tell, as the proof is not before us, how much was allowed for improvements made in 1880, as the fencing allowed for 1880 is stated in the opinion to have been mostly made in 1878 and 1879, and it states that there are several items of charge for improvements made in 1878 and 1879 and less in 1880, which cannot well be stated otherwise than as a whole. As we have not the testimony which the Circuit Court had, and it appears to have been carefully and minutely considered by that court, and the appellees appear to have remained in possession during 1880 by consent and under the sanction of an order of the court, we cannot arrive at the conclusion, on this appeal, that the amount allowed ought to be reduced. It is not to be forgotten that the appellants were seeking merely a sale of the land by a resort to a court of equity, and that, while they had the benefit of some of the improvements in increasing rents, they had the benefit of the material and permanent ones in the increased value of the lands for the purpose of sale, including the increased area of cultivated land. In such a ease there is no inflexible rule that the allowance for permanent improvements shall not exceed the rental value during the occupancy.
The present case has an analogy to that of a purchaser at a foreclosure sale, who malkes valuable improvements in the belief that he has acquired an absolute title. He is entitled to be paid for them if the premises are redeemed. 2 Jones on Mort-

DIXON COUNTY v. FIELD.
Syllabus.
gages, § 428. Where a party lawfully in possession under a defective title makes permanent improvements, if relief is asked in equity by the true owner, he will be compelled to allow for such improvements. 2 Story Eq. Jur. § 1237, note I ; Brifilit v. B73oyd, 1 Story, 478, and 2 id. 605 ; Putnam v. Ritchlie, 6 Paige, 390; Williams v. Gibbes, 20 How. 535.
All the questions raised by the counsel for the appellants have been examined and considered, but we have not thought it necessary to comment on others than those above reviewed. Upon the whole case we are of opinion that
Tlie decree of the Circuit Court nust be afirmed.
DIXON COUNTY v. FIELD.
IN ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR TIE DISTRICT OF NEBIRASKA.
Submitted January 2d, 1884.-Decided March 24th, 1884.
Estoppel-Legislative Authority-Municipal Corporaionm-Nebraska. There must be authority of law, by statute, for every issue of bonds of a mu-
nicipal corporation as a gift to a railroad or other work of internal improvemnent. When the Constitution or a statute of a State requires as essential to the validity of municipal bonds that they shall be registered in a State registry and receive by indorsement a certificate of one or more State officers showing that they are issued in pursuance of law, and the Constitution or law gives no conclusive effect to such registration or to such certificate, the municipality is not concluded by the certificate from denying 'the facts certified to. A recital in a municipal bond of facts which the corporate officers had authority by law to determine and to certify estops the corporation from denying those facts ; but a recital there of facts which the corporate officers had no authority to determine, or a recital of matters of law does not estop the corporation. Section 2, Article XI. of the Constitution of Nebraska, which took effect November 1st, 1875, conferred no power upon a county to add to its authorized or existing indebtedness, without express legislative authority ; but it limited the power of the legislature in that respect by fixing the terms and conditions on which alone it was at liberty to authorize the creation of municipal indebtedness.

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Syllabus.
Congress, and with the necessities of our business conditions and arrangements.
The judgment of the Court of Appeals of the State of New York is
Affirmcd.
WILLIAMS & Another v. MORGAN & Another, Trustees.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA.
Argued October 30th, 31st, 1883.-Decided May 5th, 1884.
Appeal-Jurisdiction---Parlies. A decree in a suit in a circuit court for the foreclosure of a railroad, fixing
the compensation to be paid to the trustees under the mortgage from the fund realized from the sale, is a final decree as to that matter, and this court has jurisdiction on appeal. A holder of railroad bonds secured by a mortgage under foreclosure, has an interest in the amount of the trustee's compensation which entitles him to intervene, and to contest it, and to appeal from an adverse decision. When purchasers at a sale of a railroad under foreclosure purehase under an agreement, recognized by the court and referred to in the decree, that a new mortgage shall be issued after the sale, a part of which is to be applied to the payment of the foreclosure debt and a part to the payment of expenses, which expenses include the compensation of the trustees under the mortgage foreclosed, the purchasing committee named in that agreement have an interest in fixing that compensation which entitles them to intervene, and to be heard, and to appeal from an adverse decision. On the facts in this case the allowances made below are held to be excessive.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
Mfr. J. Ilubley Ashdon (f-r. James Tltomson was with him) for appellants.
-Mr.John A. Cam)bell, YN-r. John,E. Parsons,andiIi. George
De Forest Lord for appellees.
MR. JUSTICE BRADLEY delivered the opinion of the court.

WILLIAMS v. MORGAN.
Opinion of the Court.
In this case, the only question on the merits relates to the compensation which ought to be allowed to the trustees and receivers of a certain railroad mortgage for their services. A preliminary question, however, is raised, as to the right of the appellants to bring the case here by appeal.
The New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad Company, on the 1st of January, 1869, executed a first mortgage on its railroad and franchises to secure the payment of four thousand coupon bonds of $1,000 each, with interest at eight per cent. per annum. Oakes Ames and Edwin D. Morgan were the trustees. The former having died, James A. Raynor was appointed in his stead. A second mortgage was given in March, 1869, but was foreclosed in 1870, and the property was bought in for the second mortgage bondholders, who reorganized under the name of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Texas Railroad Company, and gave another mortgage (generally called the second mortgage) to secure $2,000,000, subject to the incumbrance of the first mortgage. Default being made in payment of interest, the trustees, E. D. Morgan and James A. Raynor, in January, 1875, by virtue of a provision in the first mortgage, took possession of the property, but soon found it necessary to secure the sanction and protection of judicial proceedings. On the 12th of March, 1875, they filed a bill for foreclosure and sale of the mortgaged property in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana, and were appointed receivers in addition to their character as trustees. The railroad covered by the mortgage was the road running along the Gulf between Mobile and New Orleans, and was in a dilapidated condition, needing new bridges, new embankments, and extensive repairs as well as rolling stock and machinery. The road and property were managed and taken care of by the trustees and receivers for over five years, during which time Raynor had special charge of the road, superintending and managing everything in that department; whilst Morgan looked after the finances of the concern in New York. They brought the road up to an efficient condition, and made it a desirable property. There is no doubt, from the evidence, that their services were of the greatest value. Raynor gave his

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
whole time to the road itself and its practical working, superintended the erection of bridges, the raising of the embankment on the marshes, the procurement of depot and ferry accommodations in New Orleans and Mobile, and whatever related to the actual management and superintendence of the road as an important business thoroughfare of travel and transportation. In November, 1875, the trustees applied to the court to allow a fixed compensation to Raynor for the extra service he was performing. In their petition, they say:
"Your petitioners further represent that James A. Raynor has had to perform the duties of general manager of the railroad in place of the officer of the company, and that in the course of the year he has been put to more than the usual labor and care in the management of the administration of the road itself, performing the functions of manager and president, and directors, besides the functions of trustees. Your petitioners respectfully submit an application for a salary or allowance to him during their administration, either by the year or otherwise. No application for trustees, allowances will be made, or is designed herein, but only in respect to the salary of this officer, and for a provision for necessary expenses in order that the disbursements for operating expenses and administration shall all appear."
This application was referred to the master, who reported that, in his opinion, "an allowance of $10,000 per annum, with necessary expenses, not to exceed $2,500 per annum, should be made to Mr. Raynor;" and this report was confirmed by the court subject to any exceptions that might be filed within thirty days. No exceptions were filed, and Raynor received this allowance during the period of his administration, and no question has ever been made of its propriety.
In the latter part of 1879 it was deemed advisable that the trust should be brought to a close and the property sold. About that time negotiations were set on foot for a purchase of the road in the interest of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company, which was then extending its business ramifications throughout a large portion of the Southern States. In December, 1879, a large number (more than a majority) of the

WILLIAMS v. MORGAN.
Opinion of the Court.
first mortgage bondholders executed an agreement by which they appointed George Bliss, L. A. Van Hoffman, and Oliver Ames a committee to negotiate and sell either the bonds or the railroad, and if the latter, to get a decree for foreclosure and sale in the pending prqceedings, with power to purchase in the property for the common interest; and they all agreed to deposit their bonds with the Central Trust Company of New York, subject to the disposal of the committee, either for sale or to be used in paying the purchase-money of the road. And the committee was specially authorized, in concert with the trustees and receivers, to make an arrangement with the Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company to transfer the purchase of the road (when made by the committee) to a corporation to be organized in the interest of that company, for its bonds to the amount of $5,000,000, secured by vendor's lien and first mortgage on the railroad purchased; it being, amongst other things, stipulated as follows:
"The trustees and receivers to be protected against all their obligations from management, bonds, contracts complete or incomplete, or otherwise, and all the liabilities of the trustees and receivers, including all the expenses and charges of the foreclosure, reorganization, and everything incident thereto, to be paid in cash, to be furnished for the purpose, to the purchasing committee. Four million dollars of such bonds to be disposed of by the purchasing committee in exchanging bond for bond or bonds (and coupons as aforesaid), secured by the said first-mentioned mortgage, the residue of such four millions, and the other one million of such bonds the Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company to have the right to use in providing the cash for the payment hereinbefore mentioned, and in paying the amount necessary to be paid to bondholders, secured by the said firstmentioned mortgage, who shall not become parties to this agreement, the surplus, if any, to belong to the Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company."
On the 10th of February, 1880, another agreement was entered into, called the purchasing agreement, between the bondholders of the first part, the same purchasing committee of the

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
second part, and David Thomson and William S. Williams, of the third part, by which the authority given to the purchasing committee, by the previous instrument, was confirmed, including that of taking the bonds of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad in exchange for the first mortgage bonds of the N. 0., Mobile, and Texas Railroad Company; and Thomson and Williams, proposing to act as purchasers, engaged to obtain from the Louisville Company an agreement to give its coupon bonds for $5,000,000 to carry out the arrangement substantially as indicated in the former agreement. If such an agreement should be obtaiAed, then the railroad, franchises, equipment, and property should be sold under a decree of foreclosure and sale in the pending cause, according to law, and bid in by the committee for the purpose of carrying out the arrangement. It was also agreed that the receivers and trustees should, by the Louisville Company, or in some other satisfactory manner, be protected from all their obligations and liabilities; and it was further agreed, as follows:
"That all liens that may be declared to be superior to the first mortgage bonds, and that the certificates and liabilities and lawful fees, charges, and expenses of the receivers and trustees, and the disbursements of the committee, all to be decreed by the court, unless fixed by agreement, including all the expenses and charges of the foreclosure and of the proceedings to carry out this agreement, less amounts which may be available in the receiver's hands for payment upon such certificates, shall be paid in cash at the time to be appointed by the court for taking title under the foreclosure sale, and that all amounts necessary to be paid to bondholders who shall not become parties hereto shall also be paid in cash at the same time, and the purchasers [that is, Thomson and Williams] hereby agree to provide the necessary amounts, and for the purpose they will be entitled to such of the said five million dollars of bonds as shall not be exchanged for bonds deposited as above provided. Said bonds to become their absolute property, charged only with the payments herein last above provided for."
It was further agreed that the purchasing committee, in

WILLIAMS v. MORGAN.
Opinion of the Court.
making bids, should act under the direction of the purchasers (that is, Thomson and Williams), provided that the price should be sufficient to provide for the payment of all liens prior to the mortgage, and of all charges, expenses, and liabilities; and that they should assign their bid, or take title and convey the same to the purchasers, or make other disposition thereof as requested by the purchasers.
In pursuance of this arrangement, and by consent of Ames and Williams, trustees of the second mortgage, the final decree for foreclosure and sale was made on the 5th day of March, 1880. By the fifth clause of this decree it is declared and decreed that, besides the first mortgage bonds, 4,000 in number, and the coupons for interest thereon, there was due (in the words of the decree), "for replacement and repairs, additions and ameliorations made under the authority of this court, the sum of seven hundred thousand dollars, as shown by certificates, and which sum is a charge and incumbrance upon the said mortgaged property, according to the terms of the securities issued under the order of this court, besides the costs and expenses of the suit and of the management of the property, whereby it appears to the court that a sale of the property should be made, and the motion for the sale is therefore allowed."
By the sixth clause the trustees were directed, under the supervision of the master, to advertise and sell the mortgaged property for cash.
The seventh clause was evidently inserted in view of the preliminary agreements which had been made, and amongst other things decreed as follows:
"Seventh. The court further orders and decrees that it shall be competent for the holders of a majority or greater number of the bonds described in the deed of trust of the plaintiffs to form an agreement appointing a purchasing committee, or, if such an agreement has already been made by a majority of the bondholders, the committee so appointed therein may act, if the agreement empowers. . . A copy of this agreement shall be deposited with the master, and be open to inspection ten days be-
VOL. cxi-44

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
fore the day of sale. . . . No more money shall be required than shall be sufficient, in the opinion of the master and trustees, to assure the payment of the charges and privileges upon the fund as shown by this decree, and the amount to be ascertained by the master's report before mentioned ; and also the charges, including those arising under the orders of the court before mentioned, defined in the first article of the deed of trust, and consisting of expenses of management, conduct of business, repairs, replacement, ameliorations, incidental charges of administration, and for compensation of service, for which there is not adequate provision for payment from the moneys on hand, and these charges the master must ascertain and give notice of at the sale."
By the eighth clause of the decree the master and trustees were directed to report the sale when made, with a draft of the conveyance to be made to the purchaser, or any assignee or substitute for the purchaser; and it was declared competent for the purchasing committee to assign their purchase. By the eleventh clause it was decreed that the trustees and receivers might move for their discharge at the time of the confirmation of the sale, and in the meantime might settle all their accounts in either capacity which had not been adjusted. It was further decreed that any surplus produced by the sale should be paid to the trustees of the second mortgage; and that these trustees should advertise and sell any property covered by the second mortgage which was not covered by the first mortgage.
Under this decree the sale was advertised to take place on the 24th day of April, 1880.
A supplemental decree was made on the 9th of March, 1880, directing the master to proceed between that date and the day of sale to examine the accounts of the trustees, and ascertain what sums were due under the article of the deed of trust referred to in the decree, which provides for the payment of the expenses of management, charges for the custody of the property, compensation for service and allowance to trustees, &c.
The master made a preliminary report on the accounts on the 23d of March, 1880, but not on the subject of allowance to the trustees, or other preferred charges.

WILLIAMS v. MORGAN.

Opinion of the Court.

On the 27th of March, 1880, the purchasing agreement of February 10th was filed with the master; and the agreement of December 16th, 1879, was also laid before him.
On the 29th of March, the counsel for the trustees and receivers filed with the master a statement of the charges to be paid by the purchasers at the sale to be made on the 24th of
April, in substance, as follows:

Certificates issued to raise money for repairs, &c....... To John E. Parsons, for services as counsel ............
Allowance to E. D. Morgan and Jas. A. Raynor for services and compensation in the management of the railroad and conduct of the business other than the services of management and superintendence of the manager, being the particular services incident to trustees and receivers, annually from the date of entry on the property, $25,000, to be apportioned between them as they shall agree.
Allowances (to which the plaintiffs assent) to the master of the court ......................................
The costs and expenses of the suit in court. A charge by the solicitor to be separately preferred.

$700,000 15,000
5,000

On the 2d of April, 1880, William S. Williams and David Thomson filed objections and exceptions to this statementstating that they did so as parties to the purchasing agreement of February 10th, 1880, and as bondholders; and as grounds of exception, state that there was no proof to sustain the charges, and that they were exorbitant and illegal.
On the 3d of April the counsel for the trustees and receivers moved to overrule the exceptions, as being in favor of no person having any interest.
The master proceeded to take proofs on the subject of the charges, and a great deal of testimony, and documentary evidence were adduced, going to show the great amount of trouble and litigation which the trustees and receivers and their counsel, had to encounter in the five years and more during which they had control of the property. This examination lasted up to the day preceding the sale.

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
On the 6th of April Williams and Thomson withdrew their opposition to the item of $700,000 for receivers' certificates.
On the 8th of April Foster and Thomson, named in the agreement of February 10th, 1880, as attorneys to represent the purchasers (Thomson and Williams) in settling the form of the decree, and in examining the title, &c., and who were to consult with the counsel for the trustees in carrying out the entire arrangement, filed an objection to the charges and allowances submitted by the trustees, except as to the receivers' certificates; and joined in the objections and exceptions of Williams and Thomson, and asked to be heard.
Thereupon the counsel for the trustees moved to dismiss the exceptions both of Williams and Thomson and Foster and Thomson, on the following grounds:
"Williams and Thomson appear as interposed persons or as brokers of the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company to accomplish the purchase of the railroad in charge of the plaintiffs or trustees. Their contracts are with a voluntary committee of bondholders who have made a purchasing agreement. They have not purchased the railroad nor purchased the bonds, but have made an agreement with the committee that they should purchase and sell to the railroad on a variety of conditions which may not be fulfilled. Any higher bidder may acquire the railroad. The trustees have reserved right and obligation to purchase the road. Williams and Thomson may not appear and carry out one word of the engagement or comply with the conditions to bind the buyer with the bondholders' committee. They have no right to contest the claims or the accounts of the plaintiffs or those of the attorneys. They must take the property as they find it and the charges on it shall they purchase the property.
" 2. The Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company furnish $5,000,000 in bonds to be used for the purchase ; a portion is to be used to buy the bonds of the old company; a part to pay preferential charges and claims, and to return the property, amounting to $300,000. These two persons are to have the remnant not consumed by those charges on that fund. So, to make their commissions or brokerage or compensation larger, they come to

WILLIAMS v. MORGAN.

Opinion of the Court.

contest with trustees, attorneys, and officers of court, who for five years have been at work. The title to do this is insufficient.
" 3. Foster and Thomson are attorneys apparently for Williams and Thomson, to examine the title and arrange for the fulfillment of terms, but have no claim that Williams and Thomson have not."

It appears from the master's report, afterward filed, that on the 20th day of April, 1880, the solicitor for the complainants and the committee of bondholders withdrew "the previous claims (submitted March 29th, 1880), for any of the parties under the authority they conferred, all parties preferring to submit their claims anew," &c. The withdrawal was allowed as prayed for; whereupon the said claims were presented anew as follows, viz. :

"Amount of certificates of indebtedness ........... $700,000 00

Do. due to John E. Parsons, professional services. 15,000 00

Do. do. J. A. Campbell, professional services to

be settled .................................. 20,000 00

E.D. Morgan claims for $15,000 annually from date of

finding bill to April 1, 1880, for services, trustee

and receiver, amounting to .................. 75,780 80

J. A. Raynor likewise claims ..................... 75,780 80

Allowance recommended for master's services ...... 5,000 00

Do.

do.

do for journey to New

York under decree, actual expense ..............

117 25

Costs of the marshal in the cause .................

Do do. clerk

do

.................

Attorney's Docket fee ...........................

20 00"

On the 23d of April, Williams and Thomson and Williams separately, filed applications to the court for leave to be heard before the master and the court in opposition to the claim for charges and allowances; Williams stating that he held first mortgage bonds to the amount of $582,000, and represented others; and that he was a trustee under the second mortgage, and, as such, entitled to any surplus of the proceeds of sale, and interested in resisting and reducing the charges and allowances. Thomson and Williams stated that they had acquired rights under the purchasing agreement and were also first and

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.

Opinion of the Court.

second mortgage bondholders, and had an interest as such to oppose the charges.
The court granted both of these applications, and the parties were fully heard before the master on the 23d of April.
The sale took place under the decree on the 24th of April, as advertised, and the property was bid off and adjudicated to the purchasing committee of the bondholders, Bliss, Von Hoffman, and Ames, under the direction of Williams and Thomson, according to the programme of the agreement, and the purchasing committee, at their request, assigned the bid to a new company organized for the purpose, called the New Orleans, Mobile and Texas Railway Company, as reorganized; and to this company the trustees executed a deed accordingly.
On the 3d of May the master made his report on the subject of charges and allowances, stating fully the proceedings before him. Amongst other things he says: "At the final hearing the only question discussed by the parties was as to the amount of the allowances to be made to the complainants for services incident to trustees and receivers; the exceptions to all of the other items of the claim for allowances seem to have been abandoned." And his conclusion is as follows: " That the exceptions of the opponents as to the amounts claimed by Messrs. Morgan & Raynor for their services as trustees and receivers at the rate of $15,000 per annum as being excessive, should be maintained, and that an allowance be made to the said Morgan & Raynor, trustees and receivers, for their services under the deed of trust herein, at the rate of $5,000.00 per annum, from March 12th, 1875, to May 8th, 1880, amounting to $25,677.24 (the said amount to be settled by and between them), as a sufficient compensation for their services. The preferential charges, allowances, and costs to be paid in the cause are as follows:

"Ain't for certificates of indebtebtedness .......... $700,000 00

" due to John E. Parsons, counsel ............

15,000 00

" J. A. Campbell

do ..............

20,000 00

" E. D. Morgan and J. A. Raynor, trustees ....

25,677 24

" for publishing notice of sale in New York,

New Orleans, and Mobile ..............

1,485 70

WILLIAMS v. MORGAN.

Opinion of the Court.

Ami't for marshal of the court ....................

" clerk

"

"

C master's ,xpcnses to New York to deposit

bonds ................................ " master's fee for services (left to the discretion

of the court) .......................... " cost of mortgage certificates ...............

$26 00 117 25

This report was excepted to by the solicitor for the trustees and receivers, and the exceptions being argued, an order was made on the 7th of May 1880, recommiting the report, with instructions to allow Edwin D. Morgan a salary of $10,000 per annum, and James A. Raynor $15,000 per annum; and to the solicitor of the trustees $6,000 per annum; all without reference to other allowances. The remainder of the report was confirmed.
In accordance with these instructions, the master reported on the disputed allowances as follows:
"Ain't of allowance to J. A. Raynor, trustee, from date of entry upon the property, Feb'y 1st, 1875, to May 8th, 1880, 5yrs. 3 mos. and 8 days, @ $15,000.00 per annum.... $79,083 28
" allowance to E. D. Morgan, trustee, same time as J. A. Raynor, @ $10,000 per annum.. 52,722 15
" allowance to J. A. Campbell, counsel fees, from Feb'y 1st, 1875, to May 8th, 1880, 5 yrs. 3 mos. and 8 days, @ $6,000.00 per annum...31,633 28"

This report was excepted to on 8th of Mlay by Williams and Thomson, as purchasers named in the contract of February 10th, 1880, and by Wiliams personally, as holder of 582 first mortgage bonds, and as representing others holding similar bonds, and also as trustee under the second mortgage. On the 17th of May the exceptions were dismissed. From this order the present appeal was taken, on the 21st of May, by Williams and Thomson, and by Williams personally, in the characters named above. After the appeal had been taken and allowed, the trustees filed their general accounts, which were duly

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
reported on and confirmed, including therein the full charges allowed by the master in his last report; and the trustees were discharged from their trust.
It may be remarked at once, that the proceedings in the court below, after the appeal was taken, if it was perfected in time, would not affect it if Williams and Thomson had a right to appeal, and if the order was an appealable one. These conditions existing, that branch of the case was no longer in possession of the court. There is no question that the appeal was perfected in time; the bond was approved and filed on the 31st of May, 1880.
As to the right of Williams and Thomson to appeal, this depends on their right to intervene and contest the allowances to the trustees; or rather on the power of the court to allow them to do so. And we do not well see how this power can be doubted if they had a substantial interest at stake. From the first, they claimed to have such an interest not only as interested under the purchasing agreement (a copy of which they filed with the master), but as bondholders chargeable with the payment of their part of the charges. Though a motion was made to overrule their exceptions, the master declined to pass upon it himself, and the proceedings before him were continued and progressed in (apparently by mutual consent) until the court could hear the motion. This it did on the 23d of April, when Williams separately, and Williams and Thomson jointly, presented (as we have seen) formal applications to be allowed to be heard before the master and the court. Williams claimed the right to be heard on the ground of his being a holder of first mortgage bonds to the amount of $582,000, and of representing others; and on the further ground of being one of the trustees of the second mortgage, entitled to any surplus; and Williams and Thomson claimed the same right, as being interested under the purchasing agreement, and also as being first and second mortgage bondholders. The court very properly, as it seems to us, granted their application. Their status as bondholders and otherwise does not seem to have been denied. As bondholders, and as interested under the second mortgage, if not under the purchasing agreement, we

WILLIAMS v. MORGAN.
Opinion of tho Court.
do not well see how the court, under the circumstances, could have refused their application. The trustees themselves, who were the nominal complainants, were the parties interested to obtain large allowances for themselves, and could not be relied on to have them reduced.
From the time of the sale, on the 24th of April, 1880, if not before, Williams and Thomson became interested in the amount of the charges and allowances that were to be paid out of the extra $1,000,000 of Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company bonds. They were then committed to the carrying out of the purchasing agreement. The bid of the purchasing committee of the bondholders was made on their account and under their direction; it was made for them under the agreement, and they were virtually the purchasers; and from that time, the agreement of February 10th, 1880, governed the proceedings and rights of the parties. The bid was only $4,000,000, and yet the Louisville and Nashville Company issued its $5,000,000 of bonds pursuant to the agreement, $4,000,000 of which were to go to the first mortgage bondholders, and the other $1,000,000 were retained by the purchasers under their agreement to advance sufficient cash to meet the preferred claims. This they did, and all the claims were paid, the present controversy relating to the proper allowances to the trustees and receivers only remaining open. After the sale, it was the purchasers, and not the bondholders, who were interested in those allowances. It was a matter of no moment to the bondholders what allowances were made, for they were to have bond for bond in any event; it was a matter of great moment to the purchasers, for every dollar allowed to the trustees was so much less for them.
This case differs from that of Swann v. Tfri'yd's Executors, 110 U. S. 590, recently decided by this court. In that case Swann had purchased the railroad under a decree which provided that the sale should be subject to the liens already established, or which might be established on references then pending, as prior and superior to the lien of the mortgage; and the claim of Wright was one of this class, having been before the master, on reference, for nearly a year when the decree was made, and warmly contested by the bondholders. The

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
master did not report on the claim, it is true, until after the sale was made, and the purchaser applied to oppose its confirmation, and was not allowed to do so, and the sale was afterwards confirmed expressly subject to all liens established as specified in the decree of sale. Swann afterwards filed a bill to set aside Wright's claim for fraud in its inception. This bill was dismissed, and the decree of dismissal was affirmed by this court, on the ground that the property was purchased expressly subject to all established claims, or claims that might be established on references then pending, which included Wright's claim as much as if it had been named.
From this recital of the facts in that case it appears that the bondholders were permitted, as Williams and Thomson (also bondholders) were in the present case, to contest the claim sought to be established as prior to the mortgage. The purchaser was not allowed to contest the claim, because he had no right to do so by virtue of any stipulation made either at or before the sale : whereas in the present case, by the preliminary agreement made between the bondholders and the proposed purchasers (and who afterward became such), it was expressly stipulated that the latter were to have all that should be left of the purchasing fund agreed on, after paying $4,000,000 for the bondholders, and all preferred charges and allowances -- a stipulation which made them directly interested in the amount of such charges and allowances, and made them so by the privity of the bondholders themselves. This, as it seems to us, placed the purchasers in the present case in a very different position from that which Swann occupied in the case cited. But, if we are mistaken in this view as regards their position as purchasers, there can be no doubt that as bondholders they had a right under the leave of the court (which was given to them, and which could not have been properly refused) to oppose the charges and allowances in question, and to appeal from the order by which they were allowed.
We think that the position of Williams and Thomson made them qua8 parties in the case, and brought them within the reason of the former cases decided by this court in which persons incidentally interested in some branch of a cause have

WILLIAMS v. MORGAN.
Opinion of the Court.
been allowed to intervene for the purpose of protecting their interest, and even to come into this court, or to be brought here on appeal, when a final decision of their right or claim has been made by the court below. We refer to the cases of Blosson v. iiliWaucee Railroad, I Wall. 655, where a purchaser at a foreclosure sale was admitted to appeal; Minnesota Comnpany v. St. Paul Company, 2 Wall. 609, 634, to the same effect; Hinclley v. Gilman, Clinton & Srlngield Railroad, 94 U. S. 467, where a receiver was allowed to appeal from a decree against him to pay a sum of money in the cause in which he was appointed receiver; Sage v. Railroad Company, 96 U. S. 712, where parties interested were allowed to appeal from an order confirming a sale; Trustees v. Greenoug]b, 105 U. S. 527, where an appeal from an order for allowance of costs and expenses to a complainant sueing on behalf of a trust fund, was sustained; and Jlovey v. McDonald, 109 U. S. 150, where an appeal was allowed to be brought against a receiver from an order made in his favor.
That the order was such as could be appealed from we think is equally apparent. It was final in its nature, and was made in a matter distinct from the general subject of litigation,-a matter by itself, which affected only the parties to the particular controversy, and those whom they represented.
We are then brought to the merits of this controversy. It concerns only the allowances to the trustees; nothing else was insisted on before us. The allowance made by the court below is certainly, to say the least, a liberal one. A great deal of evidence was adduced to show that a vast amount of labor and litigation and operations of perplexity and difficulty were performed by the trustees whilst they were acting as receivers of the court. We are perfectly satisfied that their application for allowance was a very meritorious one. They really lifted the road out of the mire, and renovated it from beginning to end, made important contracts, built expensive bridges, purchased a large amount of iron, and kept the concern on its legs until it could walk alone,-the financiering part not being the least important or difficult. But considering that one of the trustees had a very liberal salary, as manager and superintendent, and

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
his expenses paid, we think that the allowance made by the Circuit Court was larger than it should have been. It is unnecessary to review the evidence; it is too voluminous. The question is one of fact and estimation, and we will content ourselves by stating the conclusions at which we have arrived.
We are of opinion1. That Williams and Thomson had such an interest, and. were so situated in the cause, that they had a right, by leave of the court, to except and object to the charges and allowances presented by the trustees and receivers, and that they had a right to appeal from the decree of the Circuit Court to this court. 2. That the said decree was a final decree for the purposes of an appeal. 3. That the allowance to said trustees was greater than, under the circumstances, it should have been. In our opinion the gross sun of $75,000 would have been a just and sufficient allowance to said trustees jointly for their services and compensation as trustees and receivers, exclusive of the salary paid to James A. Raynor as manager and superintendent. 4. That the residue of the order and decree of the Circuit Court should be affirmed, and that each party should pay their own costs on this appeal, except the costs of printing the record, which should be equally divided between the parties. t is therefore the judgment of this court,and so ordered,that
the decree below be reversed as to the allowance made to Edwin A J.forgan and James A. Raynor as trustees and receivers as described in the record,and that the cause be remanded,with instructionsto enter a decree allowing the said trustees and receivers jointly for their services and compensation as such trustees and receivers (independently of the salary allowed andpaid to the said James A. Raynor, as manager and superintendent), the gross sum Of $75,000 instead of the allowance made by the decree appealed from. It is further ordered that the remainder of the said decree be aflrmed, and that each party pay their own costs on this appeal, except the cost of printingthe record,which is to be equally divided between the parties.

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Statement of Facts.
COLT & Another v. COLT, Executrix.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF CONNECTICUT.
Argued April 18th, 21st, and 22d, 1884.-Decided May 5th, 1884.
Estoppel-Executor andAdministraor-Practice-Trust- Will.
When an infant, properly served in a suit pending before a State court, is before the court, the question whether to proceed by general guardian or by guardian ad lilem is local to the law of jurisdiction; and when passed upon by the courts of that jurisdiction the proceedings are conclusive upon the Federal courts as there is no question of jurisdiction.
A court of competent jurisdiction may determine the proper distribution of vested bequests, even though the possession and enjoyment tre deferred.
A bequest to the executors of the testator and their successors in office, with directions to apply the income and profits to the education of minor children, and to divide the gift and its accumulations among the children on the coming of the youngest to the age of twenty-one years, vests virtute offcii in the executors who qualify, and on the death or removal of any one of them his successor succeeds to his title.
As long as personal property is held by executors as part of the estate of the testator, for the payment of debts or legacies, or as a residuum to be distributed, they hold it by virtue of their office, and are accountable for it as executors.
When there is a question as to the distribution of a residuum of personal property in the hands of executors, who are also trustees under the will for minors claimants to a part of it, the duty of the executors towards the minors is discharged when they are brought before the court with their guardian, and their interests are fairly placed under the protection of a court of equity.
This was a bill in equity to recover certain shares of the capital stock of Colt's Patent Fire-arms Manufacturing Company, a corporation of Connecticut at Hartford, in the hands of the executors of Samuel Colt, deceased, as a part of his residuary estate, under his will.
The complainants were children of the late Christopher Colt, a brother of the testator, and Mrs. Theodora G. Colt, their mother, who was assignee of the interest of a deceased son. The defendants were executors of the last will of Samuel Colt, and trustees, and others, legatees claiming interests under the same.

COLT v. COLT.
Statement of Facts.
The testator, Samuel Colt, made his last will and testament June 6, 1856, and thereafter two codicils, one on January 12, 1858, the other February 2, 1859. He died at his domicil, Hartford, Connecticut, in 1862, and his will and codicils were duly admitted to probate and record. A large part of his estate was comprised in 9,996 shares of the capital stock of the Colt's Patent Arms Manufacturing Company.
By his will he bequeathed 1,000 shares of this stock to his widow for life, with remainder to his after-born children, and to each of the latter also 500 shares; 100 shares to Samuel Caldwell Colt, a son of a brother, "when he shall have arrived at the age of twenty-one years;" to the children of his brother, Christopher, 100 shares each, "as they shall arrive at the age of twenty-one years," respectively. le gave other legacies of stock to other named persons, and provided means for the foundation and establishment of a school or institution for the instruction and education of young men in practical mechanics and engineering. It contained also the following:
"To my brother, James B. Colt, now of said city of Hartford, I give and bequeath the use and improvement during his life of five hundred shares of the stock of said Colt's Patent Fire-arms Manufacturing Company, and after the death of my said brother, to his issue lawfully begotten, as an absolute estate. This bequest is on condition that the said James B. Colt shall waive and relinquish all claims and demands, actual or pretended, which he may have against me or against said Colt's Patent Fire-arms Manufacturing Company.
"I also give and bequeath to my executors and their successors in said office five hundred shares of the stock of said Colt's Patent Fire-arms Manufacturing Company, in trust for the issue of said James B. Colt, lawfully begotten, the profits and dividends thereof to be applied to the education of his said issue, so far as the same may be necessary for that purpose, until the youngest surviving of said issue shall have reached the age of twenty-one years, when said stock and all accumulations thereof, if any, shall go to said issue, in equal proportions, as an absolute estate."
lie gave also a legacy in stock to each of his executors.

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Statement of Facts.
The residuary clause was as follows:
"All the rest and residue of my estate, of every kind and description, not herein disposed of, I give, bequeath, and devise as follows : All the remaining stock of said Colt's Patent Fire-arms Manufacturing Company, of which I shall die possessed, shall be divided amongst the several pei-sons and parties to whom I have hereinbefore given legacies of stock, in the ratio and proportion in which said legacies of stock are hereinbefore given. All my other residuary estate shall be divided amongst the several persons to whom I have bereinbefore given pecuniary legacies in gross, in the ratio and proportion in which I have hereinbefore given such pecuniary legacies, meaning that my residuary estate in said stock shall be shared by the same persons to whom I have given specified legacies in stock, and in precisely the same ratable proportions, and that my other residuary estate shall be shared by the same persons to whom I have given gross pecuniary legacies, and in precisely the same ratable proportions."
The first codicil contained the following:
"I also revoke and cancel, for reasons growing out of his late unbrotherly conduct towards me, the legacy of five hundred shares of the stock of Colt's Patent Fire-arms Manufacturing Company, given in the aforesaid will to James B. Colt, for life, remainder to his children; and, in lieu thereof, I give and bequeath said five hundred shares of stock to the trustees named in said will for founding a school for practical mechanics and engineers, subject to the uses and trusts created in said will for that purpose."
By the second codicil, all the provisions previously made for founding and carrying on the school for ineehanics were cancelled. It also contained the following:
"I hereby give and bequeath to each of the children of James B. Colt a legacy of one hundred dollars, and I hereby cancel and wholly revoke any and all other legacies or devises by me heretofore at any time made to or for the use and benefit of said children or any of them. I give to the eldest son of my brother Christopher Colt a legacy of one hundred dollars and no more,

COLT v. COLT.
Statement of Facts.
and all legacies heretofore made in his favor are cancelled and revoked, and I hereby give, bequeath and devise to the other children of my said brother (said eldest son not being included herein) the property to wit : five hundred shares of the stock of the Colt's Patent Fire-arms Manufacturing Company, which in and by said original will is bequeathed to my executors in trust for the use of the children of said James B. Colt, to have and to hold to said other children of the said Christopher in equal proportions. This last bequest is in trust for said children, and the property hereby bequeathed is to be held by my executors for said children in the same manner and subject to the same limitations as are provided in said original will in the bequest to the children of said James B. Colt. And I hereby confirm and establish said original will as altered, changed and modified by this and the previous codicil, as and for my last will and testament."
Elizabeth 1-. Colt, the testator's widow, Richard D. Hubbard, and R. W. II. Jarvis were appointed and qualified as executors of the will.
After the death of the testator, his brother, James 3.Colt, claimed that the cancellation by the first codicil of the specific legacy in the will to him for life, with remainder to his issue, of 500 shares of the stock, did not have the effect of cancelling his interest under the residuary clause, on the ground that that clause should be construed as an independent disposition of the remaining stock, to the very persons, only, described as those to whom specific legacies of stock had been thereinbefore, that is, in the will, given, as if they had been again named; and not, as a dependent legacy to those who, under the codicils as well as the will, became ultimately entitled as legatees to specific legacies of stock, although these legacies might be of the same stock which, in the will itself, had been originally given to others, and afterwards cancelled. This claim consisted of two parts, first, of a right in himself to share in the residuum, and second, to exclude from it those to whom by the codicils alone, and not by the will, specific legacies were given. This branch of the claim necessarily antagonized the right of the children of Christopher Colt to participate in the residuum by reason of the legacy given to them in the second codicil.

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Statement of Facts.
To assert his interest in the residuary estate, and to determine its amount, and the several interests of all entitled to share in it, James B. Colt, in July, 1864, filed his bill in equity in the Superior Court of Connecticut for Hartford County.
To that bill, parties defendant, among others, were made as follows: Mrs. Elizabeth Hart Colt, as claiming an interest under the will, and also as executrix, and as administratrix of Henrietta Colt, deceased, and as guardian of Caldwell Hart Colt, a minor; Richard D. Hubbard, as claiming an interest under the will, and as executor; Richard W. H. Jarvis, as claiming an interest under the will, and as executor; Isabella DeWolf Colt, LeBaron B. Colt, Edward D. Colt, and Samuel Pomeroy Colt, all the last three being minors; Theodore De Wolf Colt, their guardian; and were duly served with process.
A demurrer to this petition was filed on behalf of all the defendants, and was reserved for the advice of the Supreme Court of Errors, whose decision thereon was reported in Colt v. Colt, 32 Conn. 422. From that report, the case seems to have been fully argued and thoroughly considered. The demurrer was overruled. The court decided that the bequest of a share of the residuary stock to James B. Colt had not been revoked; that the language of the revocation was plainly limited to the first five hundred shares ; and that the second legacy to him of a share in the residuary stock must be regarded as an independent legacy, the reference to him, as a person to whom the previous legacy has been given, being merely de8ignatio _person?, not having the effect of attaching together the two bequests, as necessarily connected in the same ownership, and that the latter was, consequently, not affected by the revocation.
The cause thereupon came on again in the Superior Court, the respondents having been ordered to answer over, and where, as it was recited in its record, "the parties again appear and are at issue upon a general denial of the allegations in the plaintiff's bill," and thereupon the court made a finding of facts. Among other findings, after referring to the will and codicils of the testator, it was stated that "the parties in this cause are interested in the estate of the said Samuel, in man-

COLT v. COLT.
Statement of Facts.
ner and form and to the extent and proportion in said will and codicils expressed, set forth and contained." It was also stated, that there were children of Christopher Colt, a brother of the testator, "to wit, the eldest son of the said Christopher, named in said will, and the said Isabella De Wolf Colt, and three children of the said Christopher, then minors under the age of twenty-one years, to wit, LeBaron B. Colt, Edward D. W. Colt and Samuel Pomeroy Colt, of which minor children the said Theodora De Wolf Colt was and is the legal guardian, all of whom are residents in Hartford, but the said Edward D. W. Colt has, since the last term of this court, arrived at his majority." It had been previously recited that when the parties appeared, the minors "were duly represented by their guardians." The Superior Court reserved, for the advice of the Supreme Court of Errors, the following questions arising upon the record of the case:
"1. Whether the interest taken in the residuum by James B. Colt is a life estate or an estate in fee?
"2. Whether said Colt shall receive interest upon the dividends made on his residuary stock; and if so, from what time?
"3. Have the legacies which the children of the testator, who deceased in his lifetime, would have taken had they survived him, lapsed, or are they to be considered and treated as intestate estate
"4. Do the said children of Christopher Colt take any share in the residuum of stock in respect to their legacy of 500 shares given to them in the codicil to said will?
" 5. Do the said R. W. II. Jarvis and I. C. Deming both take a legacy of stock under said will, or only one of them, or neither of them?
"6. What is the amount of the residuum of the stock, and who are entitled thereto, and in what proportions?
"This court also reserves all other questions arising upon the record, and also the questions as to what decree shall be passed in this suit."
These questions were decided by the Supreme Court of Errors, as found in the report of the case of Colt v. Colt, 33 Conn. 270.

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Statement of Facts.
In answering them, the court held that James B. Colt took an interest in the residuary stock for his life only. It said: "The revocation was not sufficiently broad to take away the interest of James B. in the residuum. It was broad enough to take away that of the children. But there is nothing whatever to show an intention to enlarge the interest of James 13., and such could not be the legal effect of a mere revocation of the interest of the other parties. It is not material to inquire what disposition is to be made of that remainder."
In answer to the question, whether the children of Christopher Colt take any share in the residuum in respect of their legacy of 500 shares given to them in the codicil to the will, the court said :
"The fourth question must be answered in the negative. In giving a construction to the will, we held that the residuum was given independently to the persons and _parlies to whom stock was t/hereinbefore given. It follows logically that persons and parties to whom stock was not thereinbfore given cannot take under the residuary clause."
Finally the court declared that the amount of the residumn of stock was 5,346 shares, and proceeded to allot it to each person entitled by name, and among others, to Christopher's children 459 shares, and to J. B. Colt for life, 5-7421 shares. In pursuance of these instructions, a final decree was entered in the Superior Court, adjudging the above amounts of stock, respectively, among others, to James B. Colt, for life, and to the children of Christopher Colt, "in the manner specified in the will."
It will be observed that this decree, which was entered in March, 1866, disposed of the title and right in the whole residuary stock, then in the hands of the executors for final distribution, except the remainder in 574.1 shares, set apart to James B. Colt for life.
In accordance vith its terms, the distribution of the stock, and of its dividends and accumulations, was actually made to the parties respectively; the executors, however, continuing to hold the stock awarded to the children of Christopher Colt, as trustees under the will, until January 11th, 1873, when the

COLT v. COLT.
Statement of Facts.
youngest having arrived at full age, and that being the period for division among them, final payment and division to each was made, and a full settlement had between them and the executors, as such, and as trustees. The executors also held the stock allotted to James B. Colt for life, from the entry of the decree of the Superior Court establishing his right, paying to him its income until death, which took place October 28th, 1878, and thereafter, for final distribution to those entitled.
The complainants, who were the appellants, thereupon, on January 4th, 1879, then being citizens of Rhode Island, filed the present bill, in which, as finally amended, they set out the various provisions of the will and codicils of Samuel Colt, heretofore recited, and their claims thereunder as the children of Christopher Colt, their mother joining with them, as assignee and representative of the share of one deceased.
They set out that, up to the time of filing the bill, they had only received from the estate of the testator the following, to wit: One hundred shares each of stock legacies given to them under the will ; four hundred and sixty shares of the residuary stock in respect of said legacies of one hundred shares each and the accumulations thereon; $2,500 gross legacies and the residuum, thereon ; said five hundred shares of stock and dividends thereon given in trust for them in the codicil; which last had been paid over to them on January 11th, 1873, excepting such portions of the accumulations thereon as had been included in payments made by the trustees to some of them for purposes of education during their minority.
But they claimed that in addition they were entitled to receive the 574x shares of stock, still in the hands of the executors, in which James B. Colt had a life estate, and so far as any of said residuary stock and the accumulations thereon rightfully belonging to them, under a proper construction of the will, had been transferred to the executors personally or distributed to others, parties defendant to the bill, that the equities between them should be adjusted by the court so as to make good and restore to them the amount of stock rightfully belonging to them under the will and codicils, with the accumulations thereon; and this they claimed to be such proportion of the

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Statement of Facts.
entire original residuary stock as the five hundred shares given them in the codicil bears to the whole amount of other legacies given in said will and codicils, and such proportion of the 574ff shares which the executors held, subject to the life estate of James B. Colt, deceased, and now for distribution, upon the basis of their right therein as owners of the 500 shares, and of the 100 shares each, given them in the will, making 900 shares in all.
Referring to the proceedings and decrees of the Superior Court and Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut, the bill insisted that the complainants were not bound or barred thereby,. for these reasons:
1. Because they were minors under the age of twenty-one years, not represented by a guardian ad litem, their general guardian, although made a party for that purpose, having no power or authority to represent them.
2. Because the question as to their rights in respect of the legacy of five hundred shares given to the executors in trust for them, could not be considered or passed upon, until the period of payment and division, when the youngest became of age.
3. Because the said Elizabeth Hart Colt, Richard D. Hubbard, and Richard W. 11. Jarvis, trustees, under the will and codicil for them, were not summoned to appear in said proceedings in their capacity as said trustees, and entered no appearance, in that capacity, in their behalf, and employed no counsel to appear in their behalf as such trustees, and no issues were made up by said trustees, involving the rights and interests of the children in and to the residuary stock.
4. Because, if the appearance of said persons, as executors, is deemed to be equivalent to their appearance as trustees, they in fact opposed and did not maintain the claim of the complainants, as they should have done.
5. Because Mrs. Theodora G. Colt, on account of her inexperience and ignorance of such matters, and her belief that the executors were charged with the duty of defending the rights of the children, and were doing so, neglected to employ counsel on their behalf to protect their interests.

COLT v. COLT.
Argument for Appellants.
For similar reasons the complainants also claimed that the settlements with the executors and trustees, by them, and in the Probate Court, were not conclusive; and prayed for an account and a transfer to them of the stock which they were entitled to under the will and codicils, with the accumulations thereon, and for general relief.
The case was put at issue by answers and replications, and was heard upon pleadings and proofs; the final decree, brought here by this appeal, denying all relief to the complainants, (olt v. Colt, 19 Blatchford, 399, to whom, however, was awarded the same proportion of the 574.2 shares, now fallen into the residuum for ultimate distribution by the death of Tames B. Colt, to that given to them in the residuum distributed by the decree of the Superior Court of Connecticut, viz., to each of the complainants, IY0 of the said 5742 , shares. The decree declared:
" That the said plaintiffs, LeBaron B. Colt, Samuel P. Colt, Theodora G. Colt, assignee, Frank E. DeWolf, and Isabella D. W. Colt DeWolf, are not entitled to any other or further interest in the estate of said Samuel Colt, as claimed in and by their said bill of complaint, than their above proportions of said 574916 shares of said stock and dividends, under the said will of said Samuel Colt.
" That especially the said plaintiffs are not entitled to any residuary stock of said company, or dividends thereon, under said will by virtue of the gift of five hundred shares of stock, as prayed in said bill, or to any interest in the dividends made upon the said 574 shares, which accrued during the life of said James B. Colt."
ir. 1. C. Askley and Mr.Benjrin F. Thurston discussed the construction of the will and codicils, claiming that these questions were open: but in view of the opinion of the court only their points and authorities upon the force of the judgment in the State court are given. They contended that the trustees were not parties, as such, in the Connecticut case. They were (1) executors; (2) legatees; (3) trustees for minors; and were made parties to that suit only in the first and second

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Argument for Appellants.
capacities. This is shown by their answer, in which they denied the title of the cestuis, which as trustees they could not
have done. Story Eq. Jur. § 1275; Williams v. Gibbls, 20
How. 535. The trustees, as such, were absent from that suit, and no binding adjudication could take place. Estoppels must
be mutual. Freeman on Judgments, §§ 154, 159; 1 Green. Ev. § 524, 2d ed. ; Sihmson v. Pearson, 31 Ind. 1; Braqford v.
Bradford, 5 Conn. 127; IVood v. Dayvis, 7 Cranch, 271. The capacities of executors and trustees are distinct. Wheatly v.
Badger, 7 Penn. St. 459; 1 Perry on Trusts, § 281, 2d ed.;
Parsons v. Lyman, 5 Blatchford, 170; Judson v. Gibbons, 5 Wend. 224, 228; Sims v. Lively, 14 B. Mon. 433; Williams v.
us]ing, 34 Maine, 370 ; Perleinsv. -Lewis,41 Ala. 6479; Jlayes v. hlayes, 48 N. H. 219. Where different rights meet in the same person, they are to be treated as if they were different persons. Ross v. Barclay, 18 Penn. St. 179; Conklin v. Eldgerton's Adm., 21 Wend. 430; Dominiek v. 1f.chael, 4 Sandf. Sup. Ct. 374; Dunning v. Ocean Bank, 61 N. Y. 497. When the same persons are appointed trustees and executors of a will, a revocation or declination of their appointment as executors is not necessarily a revocation or declination of their appointment as trustees. This shows that the capacities are distinct. 3 Williams on Executors, 6th Am. ed. 1894, note h.; Graham v. Grakam, 16 Beav. 550; Cartwrightv. Sliephkeard, 17 Beav. 301; W1illiams v. Cushing, above cited; Dunning v. Ocean Bank, above cited; Sheet's Estate, 52 Penn. St. 257; Garnerv. -Dowling,11 Heisk. 48. The trustees did not appear in the Connecticut suit in the same right in which they appear here. A party acting in one right can neither be benefited nor injured by a judgment for or against him when acting in some
other right. Freeman on Judgments, § 156 and cases cited;
Bigelow on Estoppel, 65, 2d ed.; Robinson's Case, 3 Rep. part V. 33 b; Plant v. JfcEwen, 4 Conn. 544; h[ollister v. Tfqevre, 35 Conn. 456; Wells on Res Adjudicata and Stare Decisis, § 21; -eggett v. Great Northern Riailway, 1 L. R. Q. B. IDiv. 599; Stoops v. Wood, 45 Cal. 439; Lewis v. Snith, 11 Barb. 152. Trustees of an express trust are the real parties in interest in a suit affecting the trust property. Western Railroad

COLT v. COLT.
Opinion of the Court.
Company v. Nolan, 48 N, Y. 513; Trustees of XL E. Cluper v. Stewart, 27 Barb. 553; Goddard v. Prentice, 17 Conn. 546. Trustees and the cestuis que trust are independent and proceedings against one have no effect against the other. Both are essential to a complete determination of any action in reference to the trust estate. Freeman on Judgments, § 173 ; Johnson v. Rankin, 2 Bibb, 184; Paton v. Murray, 6 Paige Ch. 474; Pipps v. Tarpley, 24 Miss. 597; Platt v. Oliver, 2 McLean, 267; MRea v. Branch Bank of Alabama, 19 How. 376; Caldwell v. Taggart, 4 Pet. 190; Rooke v. Kensington, 39 Eng. L. & E. 76 ; In re Chertsey Market, 6 Price, 261, 278;
Jones v. Jones, 3 Atk. 110; Perry on Trusts, § 873; Wood v.
Williams, 4 M[ad. 186; Cope v. Parry,2 Jac. & W. 538; Cassidy v. McDaniel, 8 B. Mon. 519; Upham v. Brooks, 2 Story, 623. The trustees cannot take any other position in replying to this bill than that above stated. If they were in any sense parties and actors as trustees in the Connecticut suit, their opposition to the trust title and the rights of the cestuis was a constructive fraud, and good ground for restraining them from using the judgment as a defence here. The jurisdiction of Courts of Chancery to set aside decrees obtained by fraud on an original bill filed for that purpose is unquestioned. Free-
man on Judgments, § 486; Wright v. Miller, 1 Sand. Ch. 103;
Pearce v. Olney, 20 Conn. 544; Dobson v. Pearce, 2 Kernan, 156. Trustees cannot submit to a judgment so as to bind the
trust estate. Freeman on Judgments, § 545; allory v.
Clark, 20 How. Pr. 418; Marks v. Reynolds, 12 Abb. Pr. 0. S. 403; Bigelow on Fraud, 174; Story v. NYorwich & lorcester Railroad Company, 24 Conn. 113. If the trustees were in any sense parties to the Connecticut suit, the trial was had under the influence of mistake, surprise, and accident, and the complainants should be relieved therefrom, and the case be decided on its merits.
Mr. Charles E. Perkins and XTr. Alvan P. Hyde for appellees.
MR. JUSTICE MATTHEWS delivered the opinion of the court. Ile stated the facts in the foregoing language, and continued:
VOL. cxi-37

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
The first inquiry upon this appeal manifestly is, as to the effect to be given in this suit to the decree of the Superior Court of Connecticut; for, if as set up and claimed by the appellees, it is an estoppel by record, the matter of the bill is res judicata,and we cannot open it.
And in considering the grounds on which it is sought to repel the bar of this decree, we must disregard at once all that do not attack the jurisdiction of the court over the cause or the parties. It cannot be assailed collaterally for mere error. It follows, therefore, that we cannot notice the allegation that appellants were minor defendants, for whom a general guardian only, and not a guardian ad litem, appeared to defend; for the infants, having been properly served, were before the court, and are bound by its action, even if erroneous; the failure to appoint a guardian ad litegm, at most, is error merely, and does not defeat the jurisdiction.
What was the proper method of proceeding against defendants, whether by general guardian or guardian ad litem, is a question local to the law of the jurisdiction, and, in the proceeding under review, was passed on by the State court. It found in the decree that "the said minors were duly represented by their guardians," and that finding cannot be questioned collaterally, as it is not a question of jurisdiction. Coit v. Haven, 30 Conn. 190; Christmas v. Russell, 5 Wall. 290; Thompson v. Vhitman, 18 Wall. 457.
It seems to be in accordance with the general practice in Connecticut for a general guardian to be made a party and to defend for his ward, and that, in such cases, the appointment and appearance of a guardian ad Ntem are not necessary. Reeves' Domestic Relations, 267; 1 Swift's System, 217; 1 Swift's Digest, 61; Wi ford v. Grant,Kirby, 114.
We dismiss, also, without further remark, those grounds of objection which seem to proceed upon some supposed breach of duty or trust on the part of the executors and general guardian in not making proper defence. The bill does not charge any such breach of trust, or seek relief on that ground; and any suggestions of that character cannot affect the integrity and effect of the decree of the Superior Court.

COLT v. COLT.
Opinion of the Court.
The objection that no question could be passed upon in that case affecting the rights of the complainants to the interest claimed by them in the residuary stock, because the time for the actual enjoyment of the legacy was postponed by the will until the youngest attained the age of majority, is equally untenable and has not been insisted upon. The interest was vested, and the question of distribution in right, if not in possession, was before the court.
This leaves, as the single ground on which the estoppel is opposed, that the executors, who by the will were trustees of the 500 shares bequeathed to the complainants, were not parties to the cause, nor before the court in their capacity as trustees, but only as executors; that, consequently, the title and estate held by them as trustees were not represented by any one competent to do so, and that, consequently, the decree, not binding the legal title of the trust estate, cannot operate upon the beneficial interest of the cesti8 qae trust.
This argument proceeds upon the assumption that, by the terms of the will, the natural persons who were appointed as executors of the will were also, but with a distinct title, made trustees for the appellant of the legacies given for their benefit; that there was vested in these trustees a separate and independent legal title and estate in the subject of the legacies, as much so as if they had been different natural persons; that that title and estate could not be affected by any judicial proceedings to which they were not parties as such trustees; and that the beneficial interest of the appellants is equally protected, as it was for that very purpose that the legal estate was vested in others as their trustees; and that consequently the decree set up as an estoppel is not an adjudication between the same parties as are now before the court in the present suit.
The language of the original bequest of the five hundred shares of stock is: "I also give and bequeath to my executors and their successors in said office," . . . "in trust for the issue of said James B. Colt, lawfully begotten, the profits and dividends thereof to be applied to the education of his said issue, so far as the same may be necessary for that purpose, until the youngest surviving of said issue shall have

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
reached the age of twenty-one years, when said stock and all accumulations thereof, if any, shall go to said issue, inequal proportions, as an absolute estate." And the codicil, which revokes that bequest, gives the same property "to the other children of my said brother," . . . "to have and to hold to said other children of the said Christopher in equal proportions. This last bequest is in trust for said children, and the property hereby bequeathed is to be held by my said executors for said children in the same manner and subject to the same limitations as are provided in said original will in the bequest to the children of the said James B. Colt," &c.
We have no difficulty, notwithstanding the language of this bequest, giving the property, in the first instance, directly to the children, in holding, that it creates a trust for their benefit; but we have as little in holding, both as to it and the original bequest which it displaced, that the trust constituted was vested in the executors, in their official capacity as such, so that in case one or all of them had at any time ceased to be executors, he or they would, at the same time, have ceased to be trustees; and that in case a vacancy in the office of either of the executors had occurred and been filled, as provided in the will, by the appointment of a successor by the remaining executors, the trust would have devolved upon the new executors, yirlute officii, so that the executors for the time being would always be the trustees, and so that whatever in their official capacity, as executors, they did in respect to the subject of this legacy, is to be imputed to them also in their character as trustees, and equally affected and bound the trust and its beneficiaries. The five hundred shares came into their hands as executors. It remained there for the general trusts of the administration of the estate until they were fully served. The possession of them, thereafter, the law imputed to them still as executors, but in trust for the special purposes, to which by the will they were appropriated. There was no change of possession; there was no change of the legal title; there was but a succession of uses, according to the terms of the will. They continued to hold this stock as executors, although in trust, until its actual payment to the legatees.

COLT v. COLT.
Opinion of the Court.
In the original bequest to the children of Christopher Colt in the will, of annuities for education and support during minority, and one hundred shares of stock payable on arriving at age, there are no words creating a trust; and yet the executors, in the mean time, were bound to them, in respect to these benefits and interests as executors, and yet in trust, quite as much as they were, in respect to the five hundred shares, by the words of that bequest.
As long as personal property is held by executors as part of the estate of the testator, for the payment of debts or legacies, or as a residuum to be distributed, they hold it by virtue of their office and are accountable for it as executors; that liability only ceases when it has been taken out of the estate of the testator and appropriated to and made the property of the ceslul que trusl. Bond v. Grahain, 1 Hare, 482, 484; Arthur v. ThuyAes, 4 Beav. 506 ; Ienney v. W-atts, 2 Phillips ch. 149, 153; flall v. Cushing, 9 Pick. 395; Dorr v. IMainwrig/d, 13 Pick. 328 ; Towne v. Amnmidown, 20 Pick. 535, 540 ; Nuewoib v. TVWlliams 9 Metc. (Mass.) 525; Conkey v. Dickinson, 13 Mete. (Mass.) 51 ; J]rior v. Talbot, 10 Cush. 1 ; Miller v. Congdon, 14 Gray, 114; Adams on Equity, 251. "And it may be here observed," says Williams on Executors, 1796, pt. 4, bk. 2, ch. 2, sec. 2, "that when personal property is bequeathed to executors, ap, trustees, the circumstance of taking probate of the will is, in itself, an acceptance of the particular trusts. Therefore, where the will contains express directions what the executors are to do, an executor, who proves the will, must do all which he is directed to do as executor, and he cannot say, that though executor, he is not clothed with any of those trusts." Lewin on Trusts, 156.
But in whatsoever sense the executors were trustees for the appellants, what was the subject and scope of their trust, and of their duties as trustees ? It embraced, it will be said, the 500 shares of stock bequeathed by the codicil. In respect to that their duties were defined. They were to hold it, collect the profits and dividends, and apply them to the education of the children while tnder age, and divide and pay it to them when they attained their majority. And in any litigation, in-

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
volving the title or possession of that specific stock, which had been segregated from the body of the estate and appropriated to the uses of the trust, it might well be that the executors, in their distinct capacity as such trustees, were necessary parties, bound to protect the trust estate and property, without whose presence any judicial determination would be nugatory. How far in such a case their presence as parties is formal for the mere purpose of binding the legal title, or how far it is essential so as to impose upon them the active duty of defence, must depend upon the nature and terms of the trust, and the circumstances of particular cases. Mr. Calvert, in his work on Parties, p. 283, says: "The general inference to be derived from those cases, in which strangers file bills adversely to property held in trust, is that the cestius que trust are necessary parties, and ought to have an opportunity of appearing in defence of their rights. Indeed, that it is the main duty of trustees of these cases to take care that all the cesluis gue trust are before the court; this duty performed, they may abstain from taking part in the argument, and leave the estui8 que trust to carry on the contest." ffolland v. Baker, 3 Hare, 73.
But the trust supposed did not extend to whatever else under the will the beneficiaries chose to claim; it certainly did not extend to the residuary stock at that time undistributed. That was still in the hands of the executors, as such; and in respect to it, they were under no duty to the appellants, other than that which they owed to all other legatees claiming an interest in it. They could not with propriety take part with one against another, for of that they were trustees for all who by law were entitled to share in it. The most that could be required of them, would be that, upon every question involved in the distribution, opportunity should be given for each legatee to obtain the judgment of the court upon his claims. It would have been competent and quite proper for the executors, when James B. Colt preferred his claim to share in the residuary stock, to have filed a bill in equity to obtain a construction of the will and the advice of the court. In that, they would have been complainants, as executors. They would have made all other legatees and distributees, or those claiming to be entitled

COLT v. COLT.
Opinion of the Court.
as such, parties defendant. They could not make themselves defendants as trustees; and they could not file the bill as complainants in a double character and for different purposes, and represent inconsistent interests; although they could, as executors and complainants, set forth whatever case existed, with all its questions and claims, in which they might have inconsistent interests, officially and personally, bringing themselves before the court in every character in which they had an interest to assert or defend, and all others beneficially interested in the subject matter of the controversy. Their duty would have been, in such a case, fully discharged, if, as was done by James B. Colt, in the proceedings in question, the appellants had been summoned with their guardian, and, upon a fair statement of the case, their interests had been placed under the protection of the court, acting according to the forms of equity procedure. Nothing more could be required, as nothing more was needed for effectually securing the substantial justice of a full and fair hearing and determination for each party in his own right.
In the case as it was made they were present as executors of the will, having possession of the undistributed residuum of stock, asking the court for its judgment whether they should hold any part of it, and if any, how much as trustees for the appellants, all parties in interest being before the court and heard, or with the opportunity to be heard; in the case of the appellants, by guardian and counsel. The subject matter of the litigation was not any trust estate in property held by the executors for the appellants. It was the residuary stock, and the respective rights and interests of all the legatees in its distribution. The executors were not trustees for the appellants of their claim to share in this residuum in the sense of being bound to assert it adversely to all others, for whom equally they were trustees of the residuum, although that claim was founded on the interest of the appellants in the 500 shares which the executors did hold for them in trust. The very question was whether they had a corresponding interest in the residuum. If it should be judicially determined that they had, then, too, that interest would be held thereafter by the executors for them in trust as the other shares. But no such

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Syllabus.
trust could arise until their right was established. And the executors were not bound, as against other legatees, to assume the burden of establishing its existence; much less were they at liberty to assume its existence before it was established. Their duty, both as trustees and executors, was fully performed when they invoked the judgment of the court, in the proceeding as framed, in the presence of all the parties beneficially interested. They were present also as executors, and therefore as trustees, so far as the determination and judgment of the court might render that necessary or important; for if that judgment had sustained the claim of the appellants it would have been a decree that the executors should hold the share of the residuary stock awarded to them in trust for them according to the terms of the will. It was, however, the other way, and declared that as to the matter in dispute the executors were not their trustees. That judgment, pronounced and acted upon, in our opinion, is conclusive as an adjudication in the present litigation, and precludes inquiry into the merits of the original claims and questions which it was intended to adjust and end.
For that reason [lie decree of the Circuit Court i8 affirmed.
MOBILE & MONTGOMERY RAILWAY COMPANY v. JUREY & Another.
IN ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR TIE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF ALABAMA.
Argued Aipril 15th, 1884.-Decided May 5th, 1884.
Common Carrier-Contract-Couratnd ir--Damages--lrror-InsuranceSubrogation.
The fact that a railroad company gives a shipper a bill of lading when the goods are delivered does not preclude the shipper, in an action against the company as common carriers, from showing, when such is the fact, that the bill of lading does not express the terms of the transportation contract.
A court instructing a jury as to the construction of a writing offered in evi-

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Syllabus.
cient to pay it, and such decree having been entered, and those officers having failed in their duty, the relator was entitled to the writ prayed. The Code of Procedure of Louisiana declares that the writ may be directed to public officers to compel them to fulfil any of the duties attached to their office, or which may be legally required of them. Article 834. There can be no doubE, therefore, that under this law the writ should have been granted.
The position of the court that the relator was not entitled to the writ because the decree accompanying the judgment contemplated a levy of the tax in 1873 according to the assessment roll of that year, is without force. le was entitled, and the party succeeding to his interest is entitled to a writ commanding the levy and collection of a sufficient tax to pay the judgment, according to the assessment roll of the year in which the levy is made, at any time until the judgment is satisfied; the right to demand the tax not depending upon the valuation of the taxable property for any year for general purposes. Such right was not only assured by the law in force when the contract was made, but was expressly declared in the decree accompanying the judgment and forming part of it. It is difficult to conceive a plainer case for the relief prayed.
ie decree must be reversed, wit!l directions to the Supreme Court to affirm the judgment of tke Tlrd District Court awardingthe mandamus prayed; and it is so ordered.
tITZ v. NATIONAL METROPOLITAN BANK.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF TIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Arg-ed March 14th and 17th, 181.-Decided May 5th, 1884.
Deed-Fraud-usbandand Iife--JudgmentLien-Tenancy by Cartesy.
In the absence of a fraud a husband who is embarrassed may convey his curtesy in the real estate of his wife to trustees for her benefit and for the benefit of their children, when a consideration is receivedt for it which a Court of Equity may fairly take to be a valuable one.

HITZ v. NATIONAL METROPOLITAN BANK. 723
Opinion of tbe Court.
When a deed in trust recites a nominal consideration as the sum paid by the trustee, it is no contradiction to show that a valuable consideration passed to the grantor from the cestui que trust.
A statute enacting that the property of a married woman shall not be liable for the debts of her husband exempts his estate in the eurtesy in her real estate from being taken for his debts contracted after the passage of the act.
Under the recording act which took effect in the District of Columbia. April 29th, 1878, an unrecorded conveyance is subject to the lien of a judgment recovered subsequent to it, although execution was not issued and levied till after the record, unless it appears that the judgment debtor had notice of its existence before issue and levy of execution.
This was a suit in equity brought by a judgment creditor, to set aside a conveyance of real estate in Washington belonging to his wife, to trustees for the benefit of the wife and their children. The facts which made the issues appear in the opinion of the court. On the 31st of March, 1884-, the court an-' nounced a decision in appellant's favor. Appellee's counsel then filed a petition for a rehearing as to the effect of the recording law of April 29th, 1878, upon the judgment and the deed. This act is set out in the opinion. The deed in question was executed and delivered before recovery of the judgment. It was recorded after the recovery, but before issue and levy of execution. The judgment creditor had no knowledge of the deed so far as shown by the record.
Jfr. Enoch Tollen and Jr. R. D. izYu 8sey for appellant.
ilr.Leigh Robinson for appellee.
Mr. JUSTICE MILLER delivered the opinion of the court. This is a bill in chancery brought by the Bank against John Hitz, Jane C. llitz, his wife, and Metzerott and Cross, trustees, to declare void a deed, so far as it affects rights of the bank, made by Hitz and wife to Metzerott and Cross, as trustees, for the benefit of the wife. The deed was made December 9th, 1878, and filed for record in the proper office, May 13th, 1879. The property conveyed, which was real estate in the city of Washington, came to Mrs. Ilitz by inheritance from her father, and by the birth of children before the married woman's act of Congress of April 10th,

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
1869, 16 Stat. 45. litz had become entitled to a life estate in it as tenant by the curtesy.
It is this right which is the subject of the present controversy.
The bank, as creditor of Hitz, obtained a judgment against him on the 28th day of April, 1879, for the sum of $10,000, with interest and costs, and on the 5th day of June a writ of execution was issued on said judgment and returned nullct bona the same day.
On the next day plaintiff caused another execution to be issued on the same judgment, and levied by the marshal on the interest of the said John Hitz in the property described in the trust deed of Ilitz and wife to Metzerott and Cross.
We will notice the grounds on which the validity of the deed is assailed, in their order.
1. It is said that the deed was never delivered to the trustees. But the testimony of Mr. Metzerott, complainant's witness, shows clearly that he did receive the deed and kept it for an indefinite length of time, and then placed it in a box which he bought for that purpose, and handed it to Mrs. Hitz, that she might deposit the box with this and other valuable papers in the Bank of the Metropolis. This was done. It is also objected that it was delivered to Metzerott as an escrow, to be recorded, as he expresses it, only when Hitz should have made some adjustment of his indebtedness to the German-American Bank, which has never been done. It is quite obvious, and perhaps natural, that Metzerott should confound his holding the deed as an escrow and withholding it from record as meaning the same thing; and it is very clear from all his testimony and that of Mr. Cross, the other trustee, that only the latter was in question. Both of these gentlemen had been consulted before the deed was made, and had consented to act as trustees in it. As soon as the deed was executed and acknowledged, it was placed in the hands of Metzerott, who received and held it for some time, and then gave it to the party chiefly interested for safekeeping. Leaving out the testimony of Mrs. Hitz, of Hitz, and their sworn answers, in which they both deny that they

HITZ v. NATIONAL METROPOLITAN BANK. 725
Opinion of the Court.
had ever heard of the deed being delivered as an escrow, it is plain that it was executed, delivered, and the trusteeship accepted, and the deed thus became a valid instrument as between the parties to it.
2. As regards the understanding that it was not to be recorded until Hitz's debt to the bank was adjusted, it rests upon Mr. Metzerott's testimony alone. Mrs. Hitz swears that though she was advised by Mr. Cox, her lawyer, who drew up the deed, that it was better not to record it at once, and that Mr. Metzerott expressed the same views to her, she did not adopt them, and made no promise to withhold it from record. Hitz, whose interest in the property was the thing conveyed, says that he had no such understanding, and Cross, the other trustee, knows nothing of it except what was told him by Metzerott.
There can be no reason favorable to the purpose of the deed, the interests of Mrs. Hitz, the cestui que trust, why it should be withheld from record, or why she should have made such a promise.
3. This brings us to the third objection to the deed, namely, that it was voluntary, was without consideration, and designed to defraud creditors.
It appears that up to a very short time before this deed was made Mr. Hitz had the entire management of his wife's affairs, and she had trusted him unreservedly. It was a complete surprise to her when she learned that with the failure of the bank, of which her husband was president and principal manager, her own fortune, inherited from her father, had also disappeared. The evidence leaves no doubt that she at once took the management of her affairs out of his hands, not even permitting him to receive or collect for her the rents of what remained, of which the property now in suit was the main part.
It appears that, to save himself from prosecution by the bank, or for other reasons, he desired to convey to the bank some real estate, the title of which was in his own name, though it had been purchased partly by her money. He wished her to join him in conveyance of this property to Keyser, the receiver, who had been appointed to close up the

OCTOBER TERM, 1883
Opinion of the Court.
affairs of the bank. I~o had also conveyed to Hatch and wife, for some purpose of his own, a valuable business house on Pennsylvania Avenue, which was part of her inheritance, and then had procured these persons to mortgage it to the bank of which lie was president, to secure a large debt due by him to the bank. But it had been discovered that Mrs. Hitz had never signed or otherwise executed any conveyance of this lot. Mr. Hitz was in an embarrassing condition with regard to this matter. It was after some resistance on her part to making these matters straight for Mr. Ilitz, that it was agreed if he would make the deed of trust by which all the estate in the lots mentioned in it, including his interest, whatever it might be, and hers also, should be secured to Mrs. TIitz and her children by the intervention of trustees, she would rmake good the title of the lot on Pennsylvania Avenue which he had pledged to the bank, and would join him also in the deed to Keyser, the receiver, of what was asserted to be his property.
The trust deed was, therefore, made on a valuable consideration. The value of the avenue property alone conveyed by Mrs. Hitz is sworn to be $18,000. What her interest in the other property was worth is not proved and could not easily be ascertained. No estimate of the value of Hitz's interest in the lots conveyed to the trustees is shown. When sitting as a Court of Equity we see this man trying to rectify the wrong done his wife; we are not required to scan closely the value of what she gave at the moment for his relinquishment of his marital rights in her remaining property.
The case is wholly free from fraud. Mrs. litz had the same right to buy his curtesy in her real estate, to have it barred by a proper conveyance, as any one else had or could have had. Her equity was as good as that of any other creditor, and he could secure her as well as he could the bank. As the present complainant had no lion on the property, the joint right of husband and wife to sell it for value was undoubted, and the right to sell to her by the intervention of trustees is equally clear. The property she gave in exchange for his interest in her lots did not go to him to be secretly used in fraud of his creditors, but was conveyed directly to creditors in satisfae-

RITZ v. NATIONAL METROPOLITAN BANK. 727
Opinion of the Court.
tion of his debts. The conveyance was not without consideration and it was without fraud.
We do not concur in the view of the learned court below, that because the sun of one dollar is mentioned in this trust deed as the consideration, the true consideration cannot be shown by parol evidence. It is always understood that the one dollar in such connection is merely nominal and is never actually paid. In this case it means no more than that nothing was paid by the trustees, who took no beneficial interest.
It neither contradicts nor varies this statement to show that a valuable consideration passed from Mrs. Hitz to her husband for his conveyance of his life estate to the trustees for her benefit.
The question is unimportant in this case, because the bill of complaint calls upon the defendants to show under oath the true consideration of the deed in the following language:
"That defendants by their answers under oath may disclose what was the real and true consideration and purpose for the making of said (ieed."
That the answer thus called for, showing a valuable and meritorious consideration, which answer is uncontradicted by any evidence whatever, and is well supported on cross-examination of defendants in their depositions, can be disregarded as inadmissible because unfavorable to the party who demanded it, would be to permit the party to trifle with the powers of the court at its pleasure.
4. There remains to be considered the effect to be given to the fact that complainant recovered its judgment against Ilitz before this deed was recorded, but issued no execution until after it had been filed according to law with the proper officer for record.
On this question a petition for a rehearing points out a mistake in the opinion of the court as originally delivered in regard to the date of the act repealing the recording statutes as found in sections 446 and 447 of the Revised Statutes, whereby we were misled to believe that the sections mentioned governed

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
the case. It is apparent, however, that the new statute was approved April 29th, 1878,and not 1879, and its provision as to the effect of recording or failing to record the instrument in question, which was executed in December, 1878, must be governed by that act. It is in the following language:
" That all deeds, deeds of trust, mortgages, conveyances, covenants, agreements, decrees, instruments in writing, which by law are entitled to be recorded in the office of the recorder of deeds, shall take effect and be valid, as to creditors and subsequent purchasers for valuable consideration without notice, from the time such deed, deed of trust, mortgage, conveyance, covenant, agreement, or instrument in writing shall, after having been acknowledged, proved, or certified, as the case may be, be delivered to the recorder of deeds for record, and from that time only." 20 Stat.
39, 40.
As the deed of trust in question was not recorded until several weeks after the judgment of the bank against Ilitz was recovered, and as there is no evidence that the bank ever bad actual notice of its existence until after execution was issued and levied on Ilitz's interest in the property, we entertain no doubt but that the conveyance would be ineffectual against the bank, or any purchaser at the sale under that judgment.
But as this deed interposed no obstruction to the sale, and none to the title of a purchaser, it is not easy to see on what ground the interposition of a court of equity is sought, since the bank having levied on Ilitz's interest in the property, which was a legal estate if it was anything, it could be sold under that execution, if liable to sale for his debts, without the aid of a court of equity, the whole proceeding being one at law, and its effect, when completed, a mere question of statutory construction.
It may be, however, that the bank had a right to remove the apparent cloud which this deed would throw upon the title of the purchaser at the sale, and this demands of us an examination of the argument advanced at the hearing, that this interest of Hitz in the property of his wife was not liable to sale for

lTZ v. NATIONAL METROPOLITAN BANK. 729
Opinion of the Court.
his debts, by reason of section 727 of the Revised Statutes for the District of Columbia, which is as follows:
" In the District the right of any married woman to any property, personal or real, belonging to her at the time of marriage, or acquired during marriage in any other way than by gift or conveyance from her husband, shall be as absolute as if she were unmarried, and shall not be subject to the disposal of her husband, nor be liable for his debts."
There can be no question that this statute exempts the wife's property from the control of her husband and liability for his debts as to all property coming to her from any source but him, after its enactment.
This was on the 10th of April, 1869, and it is insisted that the right of Ilitz, as tenant by the curtesy, had then become vested, because the inheritance had then come to Mrs. Ilitz, the marriage bad taken place, and issue had been born of it.
It is argued with much force that Congress did not intend by this statute to destroy an existing vested right of the husband under such circumstances, and that if it did so intend it had not the power to do so.
We should be slow, however, to impute any such purpose to Congress unless the language in which its statutes are framed demands it. The question does not arise in the case before us.
Three distinct departures from the old law are announced in this new statute in regard to the husband's relation to his wife's property, both real and personal.
1. That her right to it shall be as absolute as if she were unmarried.
3. That it shall not be subject to the disposal of her busband.
3. That it shall not be liable for his debts. In regard to the first of these, it may be conceded that where, at the time of the enactment of this law, the husband had acquired a vested right in the property, Congress did not mean to destroy it, and that to that extent her right would not be as absolute as if she were unmarried.

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.
Opinion of the Court.
It would result from this that, as between Mrs. Hitz and her husband, his right by the curtesy would remain.
It is not necessary to decide in this case whether he could, in view of the second clause of the statute, transfer that right to another by sale or otherwise. If he retained the right to its possession and its use, so long as he lived, even after her death, it seems reasonable that a statute which limited his power over it to that use and possession would not be liable to the charge of destroying a vested right.
In regard to the third clause, that it shall not be liable for his debts, the argument is still stronger, for that divests him of no right and does him no injury. What effect it might have as against an existing creditor at the time the law was passed, as imparing the obligation of a contract, we need not decide, for it does not appear that there are now any such creditors, and it appears affirmatively that the debt of the bank in this case was created nearly ten years after Congress declared that her property should not be liable for his debts.
In regard to this clause of the statute and to its operation in this case, it is neither retrospective nor does it impair the obligation of a contract.
It is urged, however, that the plain purpose of the statute was to deprive the husband of all legal interest in the property of the wife, and it must, therefore, be construed to relate only to property acquired after the passage of the law. For this purpose, however, the first clause of the declaration, namely, that her right to such property "shall be as absolute as if she were unmarried," is amply sufficient. And if that was all that was intended the two subsequent clauses were unnecessary and tended to weaken that declaration. These latter clauses, however, and especially the last, may be applied to cases where the other would not, namely, to cases of marriage already in existence and where the husband's marital rights had attached. In this class of cases the enactment that her property should not be liable for his debts, because he held some right of present control, was in accord with the spirit of the main principle of the statute, and as applied to debts thereafter created, it did no one injustice.

HITZ v. NATIONAL METROPOLITAN BANK. 73t
Opinion of the Court.
It is also argued that the property exempted from his dekbts by the act is her property, and that the life estate of the husband is not her property.
But this is a very narrow view and is not justified by any fair grammatical construction of the language employed.
It is the right of a married woman to any property, personal or real, belonging to her at the time of marriage, or acquired during marriage, which shall be as absolute as if she were unmarried, and shall not be subject to the disposal of her husband. It was the purpose of the statute to abolish this tenancy by the curtesy, or any other interest of the husband, in all /er property, and to place her in regard to it in the condition of a feme sole. And it was this same property, and not part of it, no separate interest or estate in it, which was exempted from liability for his debts. It would be a queer construction of the statute, looking at its manifest purpose, to hold that it meant, though her property shall never come under his control and he shall acquire no interest in it, and it shall never be liable for his debts, the use and possession, the rents and profits of it, may be made liable for his debts as long as he lives.
We are of opinion that the statute intended to exempt all property, which came to the wife by any other mode than through the husband, from liability to seizure for his debts, without regard to the nature or the interest which the husband may have in it, or the time when it accrued, and that in regard to such debts, created after the passage of the law, no principle of law or morals is violated by the enactment. On the contrary, if we concede, as in the present case, that the husband had acquired a tenancy by the curtesy, in her property, before such enactment, it is eminently wise and just that no other person should afterwards acquire such an interest in it as to disturb the joint possession of it, and turn the family resulting from the marriage out, that it may go to pay his debts.
The authorities cited by counsel for appellee rather sustain, and certainly do not contradict, this view of the matter.
In the case of Rose v. Sa'nderson, 38 Ill. 247, while the court holds that a statute, very much like the act of Congress relied on here, did not exempt from sale for the husband's

OCTOBER TERM, 1883.

Opinion of the Court.

debt his life interest in her real estate, which had become

vested before the passage of the act, it is apparent, from the

record, that the debt for which the writ of attachment was

levied on that interest, existed when the statute of exemption

was passed. The case states explicitly that the act went into

effect April 24th, 1861, and the attachment was levied May

10th, 1861, and the husband's right, either by the curtesy or

for the wife's life, had vested long before. It might, therefore,

have been held to impair the obligation of the plaintiff's con-

tract if the act had been so construed as to exempt that inter-

est from liability to sale for that debt.

In the case of Stelbyncn v. Ituber, 21 Penn. St. 260, it was

simply held that where, on a partition of an estate in which

the wife was a part owner, the husband advanced a consider-

able sum as owelty in her behalf, he thereby became interested

in the property allotted to her and conveyed to her and to him

jointly, and that the husband, by executing a conveyance of

this interest to a third person, who conveyed it to the wife,

could not thereby defeat the existing creditor's right to appro-

priate that interest to the payment of his debts.

In the case of White v. ]Hilr'et, 32 Vt. 265, on the other

hand, there came before the Supreme Court of Vermont, for

construction, a statute in regard to the debts of the husband

very like the act of Congress. It enacted that the rents, issues,

and profits of the real estate of any married woman, and the

interest of her husband in her right in any real estate, which

belonged to her before marriage, or which she may have ac-

quired by gift, grant, devise or inheritance during coverture,

shall, during coverture, be exempt from attachment or levy of

execution for the sole debts of her husband, ...

provided

this act shall not affect any attachment or levy of execution

already made. Compiled Statutes of Vermont of 1850, p. 403,
§ 15.

In the case mentioned the husband had built upon and im-

proved the land of the wife, after which she rented it to her

son, in whose hands the rent was attached by trustee process

for the debt of the husband. But the court said: "The legal

title to the land, with the supervening improvements and build-

lITZ v. NATIONAL METROPOLITAN BANK. 733
Opinion of the Court.
ing, is still in the wife. It accrued during coverture. The rent reserved in the lease to her son, is the rent of the land she owns. The statute expressly exempts such rent from the hands of his creditors. This provision of the statute seems to answer what otherwise must have been a well-founded suggestion, viz., that though thi* money is payable to the wife of the defendant, still it is not the rent of the freehold which the husband held by virtue of the coverture and the birth of issue capable of inheriting, and is, in contemplation of law, entirely the husband's without involing the wife as the meritorious cause." Here the court holds distinctly that this statute, which does not profess to abolish the tenancy by the curtesy, is still an answer to an attempt to subject the rents and profits to his debts, because it declares that the property shall be exempt from levy for his debts.
In Oregon, the Constitution of the State declared that "the property and pecuniary right of every married woman, at the time of the marriage, or afterwards acquired by gift, devise or inheritance, shall not be subject to the debts or contracts of the husband." In the case of Rugh v. Ottenlicimer, 6 Oregon, 231, it was held that this provision applied to marriages, and existing and property rights of the husband acquired before the Constitution was adopted, and that such property could not be subjected to the husband's debt, though he had wrongfully taken the title in his own name.
For these reasons, we are of opinion that the property levied on by the execution of the bank against Hitz is not subject to sale for his debt, and that the decree of the Supreme Court must be reversed and the case remanded to that court with directions to dismiss the bill.
It s 8o ordered.

