WNIISON v. ARRICK.

83*

Statement of Facts.

Under these circumstances we think it the true course toremit the case to the Circuit Court with the answers to the two other questions, that the question whether the case can be prosecuted by information may be there raised in an appropriate manner; and for such action, as to counsel and the court may appear best.
The first and second questions are answered afrmatively, and the case
Remanded to tiw Circuit Courtfo''fwrtherproeeding.

WILSO , Adm'r, v. ARRICK, Adm'x.
IN ERROR TO TE SUPREME COURT OF THE DISTRICT O COLUBMBIA.
Argued October 16, 1884.-Decided October 27, 1884.
In the District of Columbia, a debt due the estate of an intestate, collected by an agent of the administrator, is an administered asset, and cannot be recovered of the agent by an administrator de blnis non of the estate, appointed by the court after removal of the administrator.
Horatio Ames, whose administrator de anis non brought -this suit, died in January, 1871. On some day not shown by the record, but prior to April, 1873, his widow, Charlotte L. Ames was appointed administratrix, with the will annexed,,of his estate. There was claimed to be due the estate, from the United States, a large sum of money for cannon furni shed, which was satisfied by payments made in April, 1871, and in January, 1873. In May, 1878, Mrs. Atoes filed her account, in which she charged herself with the sunt of $39,955 as received by her from the'United States on acqount of the claim of the estate, and took credit for three payments, amounting to $33,574.36, made to Clifford Arrick, the intestate of the defendant, for which vouchers were filed, signed by him. Exceptions were filed to the account by Oliver Ames, a brother of Horatio Ames. Before the exceptions were heard, the court, on January 9th, 1875, removed Mrs. Ames for having failed to comply with an order of the court requiring her to give an additional bond, and

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Statement of Faes.
appointed the present plaintiff, Nathaniel Wilson, administrator de bonis non in her place. On January22,1876, the exceptions were heard, and the credit of $33,574.36, which the administratrix claimed on account of payments made to Arrick, was reduced by the court to the sum of $2,955.56, and the commission she claimed was also reduced. The account, as filed, showed a balance in her hands of $2,260.64; as corrected by the court, this balance was increased to $34,876.75.
Disregarding this settlement of the account, this suit was brought by Wilson, the administrator de bonis non, against Arrick, to recover the sum of $39,955, the whole amount with which the administratrix had charged herself in her account; the allegation of the declaration being that he had collected that sum for the estate of Horatio Ames, and refused to pay it over. Arrick having died pending this suit, it was revived against the administrator of his estate.
It appears from the bill of exceptions that warrants were issued by the Secretary of the Navy to the administratrix for the amounts due from the United States to the estate she represented; that on their delivery to her she was required to indorse upon them her r -ceipt for the money, which she did; and. haN ing the warrants in her possession, she indorsed and delivered them to Arrick, who drew the.money.
The court, at the request of the defendant, charged the jury that " the legal effect of the receipts, given in evidence and signed by Charlotte L. Ames, as administratrix, was to invest her with the control of the moneys mentioned in said receipts; and, if the administratrix paited with said control by the indorseient of said receipts, then the plaintiff is not entitled to recover." And the court, of its own motion added: "If you find, from the testimony in this case, that Mrs. Ames, administratrL. of" th-e estate of Horatio Ames, deceased, received this fund from the government for the purpose of administration, and that after receiving it she wasted it upon Arrick, or anybody else, the plaintiff in this case would not be entitled to recover; it would be the case of administration of assets, and it does not survive to the administrator dle bonis non to prosecute." Verdict for the defendant, and judgment on the verdict. To

WILSON v. ARRICK.
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
reverse this judgment this writ of error was sued out, and this charge of"the court was assigned for error.
.Xr.A. S. Worthington for plaintiff in error.-I. WilsnA v. lIralZer, 109 U. S. 258, is distinguishable from this case. There it was held that a debt due to a deceased person, when collected, becomes the property of the administrator. In this case we seek to recover money so collected from a third person to whom it was paid as agent. This can be done under the common law, which was held in Wilson v. Walker to be in force in the District. 1. If the action be brought by the first administrator while his authority as administrator continues, he may treat the fund in the hands of such third person either as a debt due him individually, or as one due the estate which he represents, and so sue, either in his own name or as administrator, as he may elect. 2 Williams on Executors (7th Ed.) 952; Clarke v. Houghamn, 2 B. & 0. 149 ; Sasscer v. WIalker's E,'r, 5 G. & J. 102; C]o.pman v. Davis, 4 Gill, 166. 2. If the first administrator die (or be removed) before the agent who has collected the fund has paid it over, the administrator de bonis 2on may also treat the fund as property belonging to, the estate, aid sue for and recover it accordingly. Maryland
Stat. 1785, ch. 80, , 1; Stat. 1798, ch. 101, sub-chapter 14, § 4;
Gist, Adc'r, v. Cockey, 7 Iarr. & Johns. 134; Crane v. Allhig, 2 Green, N. J. (14 N. J. L.), 593; Cathemwood v. Calbaaud,1 B. & 0. 150; Blydenburg v. Lowry, 4 Oranch 0. 0. 368; Cole v. If bdl7, G. & J. 20. If it is claimed that Mrs. Ames authorized Arrick to retain this money, the authority was obtained by fraud, and the money may be recovered. Catts v. Phalen, 2 How. 376.-I. The other error assigned is the ruling of the court excluding the deposition of Oliver Ames as to transactions between him and Arrick. This ruling was based upon section 585 of the Revised Statutes of the United States, which provides, among other things, that in actions against administrators neitherparty shall be allowed to testify as to any transaction with or statement by the intestate, unless called by the opposite party or required to testify by the court. Here Oliver Ames was not a party. He was intefested in the

86

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.

Opinion.of the Court.

result, no doubt; but the statute does not cover such a case. Whether because the reason for excluding the testimony of one who is interested in the result is the same as that for excluding the parties themselves, the courts shall strain the words of the law to cover all such cases, is a question that frequently arises, but no reported decision of it has been found. It is submitted that to make the words "either party" include all who may have an'interest in the litigation, would be carrying construction to the point of legislation.

.A&. eTry E. -)avis for defendant in error.

MR. JusToI WooDs delivered the opinion of the court. He stated the facts in the foregoing language, and continued:
.Wethink the charge was right. In the case of United .States v. TFal~k-, 109 U. S. 258, which, as appears by an inspection of the record, was a suit brought by the United States for the use of Nathaniel Wilson, as administrator de b~onis non of the estate of Horatio Ames, upon the bond of Charlotte L. Ames, as administratrix of the same estate, to recover the identical money sued for in this case, it was held that an administrator de bonis non derives his title from the deceased, and not from the former administrator, and to him is committed only the administration of goods, chattels, and credits of the deceased which have not been administered: and that, both at common law and under the act of Congress in force in the District of Columbia, an administrator de bonis nan has title only to the goods and personal property which remain in specie and have not been administered. Upon this ground the judgment of the court was based.
The plaintiff in error, conceding that since the decision in United States v. TV~aker., ubi .upra, he could, not maintain his action against the administratrLx or the sureties upon her bond, to recover money the proceeds of administered assets, still insists that the action will lie against an agent of the administratrix, to whom the money has been paid. This contention cannot be sustained. If the money sued for in this case is the proceeds of a debt due the estate of Horatio Ames, which has

WILSON- v. ARRICK.
Opinion of the Court.
been administered by Mrs. Ames, the administratrix, the case, of the Ultidted States v. Walker must be decisive of this. For if the present plaintiff has no title to the money, his action will no more lie against the agent of the administratrix than against the administratrix herself.
We are of opinion that the facts stated in the bill of exceptions, as already recited, show that the claims of the estate of Ames against the United States had been administered by Mrs. Ames, the administratrix. The demand of the estate against the United States had been settled and paid and the liability of the United States discharged. This was an administration of these assets of the estate. The mere acceptance even of the warrants was such an alteration of the property as vested the title in the administratrix, and was tantamount to their administration. Bacon's Abr., Title Executors and Administrators, B. 2, 2. The warrants and the money received on them became the property of the administratrix, and she was responsible therefor to the creditors, legatees, and distributees of the estate, and they only were entitled to sue therefor. UnitedStates v. Valker,, ub sumpra; Beal v. New _Aexioo, 16 Wall. 535; Erds v. Smith, 14 IHow. 416. If the cases cited by counsel for appellant, Catterwood v. Ohabaud, 1 B. & 0. 150, and Blydenbrg v. Zowry, 4 Cranch 0. 0. 368, sustain his contention, they are inconsistent with the law as heretofore laid down by this court, and cannot avail him.
The fact that the adininistratrix has improperly paid out money of the estate, the proceeds of assets administered by her, or that they have been paid to her agent, does not invest the administrator de bonis non with title, and authorize him to sue therefor. If, as held in the case of the United States v. Walker, ubi svpra, the administratrix was not herself liable for the proceeds of those assets to the administrator de bonis non, it follows that the person who has received them as her agent cannot be liable. We think there was no error in the charge.
It further appears by the bill of exceptions that "the plaintiff offered to prove, by the deposition of Oliver Ames, taken in this case, transactions on the part of the intestate of the defendant with, and statements by, him to the said Oliver

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opin on of the Court.
Ames, tending to show that the said charges," on which the money sued for was paid to him by the administratrix, "were unconscionable." This evidence was excluded by the court, and its exclusion is now assigned for error. But it is clear that, if the plaintiff had no title to the money received by Arrick, the evidence offered was immaterial and was properly excluded.
We find no error in the record. The judgment of the Supreme Court of the .District of
Columbia is therefore ajfirmed.
UNITED STATES v. FLANDERS & Others.
IN ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE EASTERNl DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA.
Argued October 20, I84.-Decided November 3, 1M.
A person appointed and commissioned as a collector of internal revenue, under the act of July 1, 1862, 12 Stat. 482, is entitled to the compensation, provided for by § 84 of that act, of a percentage commission to be computed on the moneys accounted for and paid over by him, from the time he enters on the duties of his office and his services are accepted, and not merely from the time he takes the oath of office and files his official bond.
A collector of internal revenue appointed under that act is entitled, in a suit against him on such bond, brought to recover public money collected by him and not paid over, to have allowed, as a set-off, money paid by him for publishing advertisements required to be made by § 19 of that act, if the amount is found to be reasonable and proper, although the item was not formally allowed or certified by the accounting officers in the Treasury Department or otherwise.
Action against principal and sureties on an internal revenue bond. The facts appear fully in the opinion of the court.
21r. Assistant Attorney-General)Jfauryfor plaintiff in error.
ibr. J Q. A. Fellows submitted for defendants in error on hjs brief.
M-R. JUSTICE BLATCHFOIWD delivered the opinion of the court.

. 344

OCTOBER TERM, 1884. Statement of Facts.

BRANDIES & Others v. COCHRAiTE & Others.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR
THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS.
Argued November 17, 18, 1884.-Decided December 1, 184.
F conveyed to NV, as trustee, real estate in Illinois on trust to permit F's wife to use and occupy and receive the rents and profits dnring her lifetime and to her own use, and at any time to convey on the written request of F And the wife, to the person designated, and in case of the wife's death in the husband's lifetime to convey to the husband for life with remainder to their children: Held, That, under the laws of Illinois in force when the rights of the parties became fixed, a judgment creditor of F had no lien at law upon his interest in the property, and could acquire one only by filing a bill in equity.
At the common law (in force in Illinois when the rights of the parties became fixed), the lien of a judgment against one having a power of appointment, with the estate vested in him until, and in default of, appointment, was liable to be defeated by execution of the power, even though the purchaser had actual notice of the judgment.
The general doctrine in equity that where a person has a general power of appointment, and executes this power, the property appointed is deemed, in equity, part of his assets, cannot be in~oked to support a claim of a judgment lien at law upon the antecedent estate, which the exercise of the power had displaced.
This was a bill in equity, filed by the appellants, the object and prayer of which was to quiet their title to the ieal estate described, situated in Chicago, as against the adverse claims of the appellees. The question in the case was whether the appellants had the legal title to the premises in controversy. The facts necessary to its determination were as follows:
In March, 1866, the complainants below, now the appellants, recovered a judgment in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of fllinois against Robert Forsythe, one of the appellees, and George T. Braun, for. $9,665.49 aid costs, on which execution was issued during the year, and returned not levied, because no property was found on which to levy.
Prior thereto, in 1861, Robert Forsythe had purchased the real estate described in the bill, with his own means, from Horatio G. Loomis, and, according to his directions, a deed

BRANDIES v. COCHRANE.
Statement of Facts.
was made by Loomis conveying the property to William R. Arthur, as trustee, and to his heirm and assigns, upon the following trusts therein expressed: "To permit Mary E. Forsythe, wife of Robert Forsythe, of Chicago, to use and occupy, enjoy and receive the rents and profits of said lands and premises, for her life and to her own use, and at any and all times, upon the order or request in writing of said Mary E. Forsythe and the said Robert Forsythe jointly, to convey said lots, or either or any part of them,. to such person or persons as they may designate; and in case said Mary E. shall die without issue in the lifetime of her said husband, then to convey said lands to said Robert Forsythe for life; immediately after the decease of said Mary E., to hold to him and his use for life, and to his child or children, if. any lawfully begotten, in fee simple and remainder, to their use and to them equally as tenants in common. But if said Robert shall die without lawful issue, then to the children of his brother, Leonard E. Forsythe, and the children of Lydia T. Warrack who may be in being at the time of said Robert's decease, in fee simple and remainder, to their use and to them equally as tenants in common. And in case said Robert shall die without lawful issue in the lifetime of said Mary E., then to convey said lands and premises to her for life immediately after the death of said Robert, to hold to her and her own use for life, and to the children of said Leonard E. Forsythe, and the children of said Lydia T. Warrack, who may be in being at the time of said Mary's decease, in fee simple and remainder as aforesaid, to their use and to them equally as tenants in common. But if hereafter said Robert shall have child or children born of his said wife or of any future wife, then instead of the conveyance aforesaid to the children of said Leonard E. Forsythe and Lydia T. Warrack, said trustee is to convey said lands to said Mary E. or to said Robert (as the one may chance to survive the other), to her or his use for life as aforesaid, and to the child or children who may be so born to them or him, in fee simple and remainder, to their use and to them equally as tenants in common."
Subsequently, upon proper proceedings for that purpose, this

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Statement of Facts.
deed was' reformed and corrected by a decree in chancery, whereby it was provided that the conveyance of said Arthu; the trustee, to be made on the request of the said Robert and Mary E. Forsythe, when made, should be in fee simple, absolute, and should operate to cut off the several trusts thereafter specified in said original conveyance to Arthur.
This tproperty was improved by Robert Forsythe by the erection thereon of a dwelling-house, and was occupied by himself and wife as a residence at the date of the recovery of the appellants' judgment and subsequently during the life of Mrs. Forsythe.
:Robert Forsythe, on March 26, 1868, was, on his own petition, adjudged a bankrupt by the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois, and on July 21, 1868, obtained his discharge.
On November 3, 1869, Robert Forsythe and Mary E. Forsythe joined in a written request to Arthur, the trustee, directing him to convey the premises in controversy to Nathan Corwith, in fee simple. Mrs. Forsythe died on January 1, 1870, leaving no issue, and on January 4, 1870, Arthur, in pursuance of the appointment previously made, conveyed the property to Corwith, as directed. This conveyance was in form absolute, but it is claimed that it was intended merely as security for an indebtedness due to Corwith from Forsythe. At any rate, Corwith conveyed the property to Robert Forsythe by a deed dated March 12, 1870, and the latter, by a deed of trust dated March 10, 1870,'in anticipation of the conveyance to himself, conveyed it to George Scoville, as trustee, to secure to John Cochrane $15,000 which the latter had lent to Forsythe, and out of which Corwith had received the amount due -him.
On May 9, 1870, the appellants caused an alias execution to be issued on their judgment and levied on the premises as the property of Robert Forsythe; on June '7, 1870, it was sold under this execution to them, on a bid of the amount due on their judgment, and on September 9,1871, the time for redemption having elapsed, they received a deed from the marshl. conveying the title to them.
Robert Forsythe being in default for non-payment of interest

BRANDIES v. COCHRANE.
Argument for Appellants.
on the debt to Cochrane, Scoville executed the power of sale under the deed of trust to him, by a sale to James D. Wallace on April 17, 1872. The latter had, just prior thereto, on March 8, 1872, acquh'ed whatever title to the premises, if any, had vested in the assignee in bankruptcy, bya sale and conveyance thereof from him. Thereupon Wallace re-conveyed the premises, with some additional property, to George Scoville, as trustee, to secure the whole amount of principal and interest due to Cochrane, amounting, with the expenses of the transaction, to $17,000, the amount specified in the deed of trust. This arrangement was made for the better security of the debt due to Cochrane, John Forsythe having become, in consideration thereof, a guarantor of the notes given therefor.
On May 27, 1872, the complainants, having taken possession under their claim of title, filed the present bill of complaint, to which Wallace and Robert Forsythe were made defendants, praying to have their title quieted as against them.
On May 1, 1876, Scoville executed the power of sale under the deed of trust to him, and sold the property embraced therein, including the premises in controversy, to Cochrane, who, on July 13, 1876, was admitted as a party defendant, and filed his answer and cross-bill, claiming title in himself, and praying for a decree for relief. On final hearing, the original bill was dismissed and a decree rendered upon the cross-bill of Cochrane as prayed for. An appeal was taken from that decree.
.X,. John S. -onk for appellants.-I. On the face of the trust conveyance, an interest was given to Robert Forsythe, on which the lien of appellants' judgment attached. The words used being insufficient to raise a trust for the separate use of the wife, the deed, in effect, gives the first life estate to Robert, with remainder to Mary for life. Bowen v. Sebtee & Tfrife, 2 Bush, 112; W1a7de v. Fisher et al., 9 Richardson Eq. 362; aTi3pclase v. £&mpson, 16 Sim. 485; Vills v. Sayer, 4 Madd. 409; Jfenshigtom v. .Dolland; 2 Mlyl. & K. 184; Austin v. Austin, 4 Ch. D. 236; Tyler v. Lake, 2 Russ. & Myl. 183; Iartly v. Hurle, 5 Yes. 540. Conceding the trust to be for ter separate use, Robert took a vested remainder for life. Jull v. Jacobs,

348

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.

Argument for Appellants.

3 Ch. D. 707; Lainsom v. Lainson, 18 Beav. 1; TFeston v. Wfeston, 125 Mass. 268; Darlingv. Blanchard,109 Mass. 176 ; TVight v. Shaw, 5 Cush. 56; TV76ite v. Curtis., 12 Gray, 54; Blanehar v. Blan4hard,1 Allen, 223. The lien of the judgment attached to Robert's interest, whether vested or contingent. Wtdte v. AoPheeters, 75 Mo. 286; Williams v. Amory, 14 Mass. 20; Eelly v. _Morgan, 3 Yerg. 437; -Lockwoodv. _Nye, 2 Swan, 515; Wiley v. Bridgnan,1 Head, 68; Burton v. Smnith, 13 Pet. 464; Tyndale v. Ware, Jacobs, 212; Smith v. .Angell, 2 Ld. Raym. 783.-I1. Was the lien divested by the exercise of the alleged power of appointment? (1.) Forsythe's interest hawing passed to the assignee in bankruptcy, subject to the lien
of the judgment, could not be defeated, nor the lien displaced by a subsequent exercise of the iower. -Doev. Britain,2 B. & A. 93. (2.) The power was extinguished ijro tanto by the judgmeht. Carr v. IIoford, 3 Yes. 650; Cox v. Chamberlain, 4 Yes. 631; Jraund;,ell v. Afaundrell, 7 Yes. 567; Pay v. Pung, 5 B. & A. 561; Doe-v. Jones,10 B. & C. 459 ; S7eees v. Shearley, 8 Sim. 153; 3 Myl. & Craig, 112; Taylor v. Stibbert,2 Yes. 437; Wtite v. 1HcPheeters, '75 Mo. 286. (3.) The alleged appointment to Corwith, being by way of mortgage, could, as against creditors, operate only pro tanto, if at all. Skeeles v. Shearley, 3 Myl. & Craig, 112; IWte v. jfcPeeters,'75 Mo. 286; Jones v. Clifton, 101 U. S. 225.-IIL. The power reserved
to Forsythe gave him the equitable fee on which a lien was created by the judgment. The Illinois statute, in force now, and at the date of the deed in trust to Arthur, and also at time of the rendition of judgment, regarding the force and effect of English common law and statutes, is as follows: See. 1. "The common law of England, so far as the same is applicable and of a general nature, and all statutes or acts of the British Par-
inament made in aid of, and to supply the defects of the common law, prior to the fourth year of James the first, excepting the second section of the sixth chapter of the forty-third Elizabeth, the eighth chapter of thirteenth Elizabeth, and ninth chapter of thirty-seventh Henry Eighth, and which are of a general nature, and not local to that kingdom, shall be the rule of decision, and shall be considered as of full force

BRANDIES v. COCHRANE.
Opinion of the Court.
until repealed by legislative authority." Johnson v. Cushing,15 N. I. 298 ; lassello v. Cornwallis,2 Vern., 65; .Iolnesv. Coghill,12 Yes. 265;' Tarbuck v. .arbury, 2 Vern. 510; Smith v. luerst, 10 Hare, 30.-IV. The judgment was a lien on Forsythe's estate in reversion, which, on the revocation of the trusts declared in the deed to Arthur, became absolute. TFilliarsv. Amory, 14 Mass. 20; Eelley v. .organ, 3 Yerg. 437; Lockwood v. N17ye, 2 Swan, 515; Wiley v. Bridgman, 1 Head, 68; .1ickey v. IHilman,2 Halst. 180; Burton v. Smith,13 Pet. 464; Jacobsv. TFare, 3 Jacobs, 212; Smith v. .Angell, 2 Ld. Raym. 783; Barlow v. Salter, 17 Yes. 479; Conklin v. Conklin, 3 Sandf. Ch. 64; Anderson v. Jackson, 16 Johns. 382.-V. Cochrane was not entitled to protection as a bona fide purchaser. Gibson v. Jones, 5 Leigh, 370; Peck v. reck, 9 Yerg. 301; Boone v. Childs et al., 10 Pet. 177.
.1r'. George W. Smith (Xr. Edwin F. Bayley was with him) for appellees.
Mm_JJs.Twic, I =mws delivered the opinion of the court. He stated the facts in the foregoing language, and continued:
It is manifest that it is vital to the appellants' case, that they should maintain and establish a judgment lien upon the estate of Robert Forsythe, in the premises in controversy, at the date of the recovery of the judgment in 1866 ; because the discharge in bankruptcy of Forsythe, in 1868, released him from all personal liability on account of the judgment, so that the subsequent levy of an execution in 1870 could have no effect except to enforce a lien subsisting at the time of the adjudication in bankruptcy.
it is accordingly contended on behalf of the complainants, that their judgment took effect at its rendition as a lien upon an equitable estate for life, reserved to Robert Forsythe by the terms of the deed of trust to Arthur, which was not and could not be displaced by the appointment by virtue of which the conveyance was made by Arthur, the trustee, to Corwith; that the power of appointment secured to Forsythe and wife operated to subject the entire estate, which could be disposed

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
of under that power, and which was the fee simple, to the claims of creditors reduced to- judgment; and that Robert Forsythe had an equitable reversion in fee in the trust estate by reason of the failure of the ultimate limitations alleged to be void for remoteness, as they were to take effect, according to the terms of the trust, only after an indefinite failure of issue, which reversion in fee was subject to the lien of judgments against him.
The statute of Illinois in force at the time and governing the case was Rev. Stat. 1845, ch. 57, § 1, which, after providing that judgments should be a lien on the real estate of the judgment debtor, provided as follows: "The term ' real estate' in this section shall be construed to include all interest of the defendant or any person to his use, held or claimed by virtue of any deed, bond, covenant or otherwise, for a conveyance or as mortgagee or mortgagor of lands in fee, for life or for years."3
Except so far as modified by this act, the common law on the same subject was in force in Illinois by express adoption. Rev. Stat. 1845, ch. 62, § 1.
In Spindle v. Shreve, 111 U. S. 542-548, it was stated to be the law in Illinois that where the legal title to lands is in trustees, for the purpose of serving the requirements of an active trust, the judgment creditor had no lien and could acquire none at law, but could obtain one only by filinga bill in equity for that purpose, according to the provisions of § 49 of the Chancery Practice Act of that State. Rev. Stat. 1845, p. 97. It was otherwise if the trust was merely passive, such as those described in the section defining real estate as subject to the lien of judgments, already quoted. iller v. *Davidson,8 Ill. 518; Baker v. Copenba ger, 15 Ill. 103 ; Thornasv. Eckard,88 Ill. 593.
The rule at common law and the corresponding jurisdiction of chancery as to equitable estates are fully explained in Aforsell v. First -NationalBank, 91 U. S. 357; -Lessee of Srlitk v. AfeCann, 24 How. 398; FTreedman'sSavings and Trust Co. v. Earle,.110 U. S. 710.
In the present instance the trust was an active one, not

BRANDIES v. COCHRANE.
Opinion of the Court.
merely passive. At no time during the lifetime of his wife could Robert Forsythe call for, or compel from the trustee, a conveyance of the legal title. On the contrary, the trustee was required by the terms of the trust, subject to the power of appointment, to retain the legal title in himself, and to permit Mrs. Forsythe to use and occupy the property, and to enjoy and receive the rents and profits thereof during her life and to her own use; language which, if it cannot be properly construed to devote it to her separate use, all the more required the protection secured to her actual right by the legal title being vested in a trustee. The estate of Robert Forsythe, therefore, under the trust, whether for life or in fee, whether vested or contingent, was equitable merely, and of that nature which could not be subjected to sale for payn-ent of his debts except by the aid of a court of equity. In such cases no lien arises by operation of law from the .judgment, but only on the filing of the bill.
On the contrary supposition, that the estate of Robert Forsythe, under the deed of trust to Arthur, was subject at law to the lien of the appellants' judgment, their title still must fail. Prior to the enactment of 1 and 2 Vie., ch. 110, it -was settled in England that at law a judgment against the party having a power of appointment, with the estate vested in him until and in default of appointment, was defeated by the subsequent execution of the power in favor of a mortgagee. Doe v. Jones, 10 B. & C. 459 ; Tnstallv: T'apres,3 Sim. 286, 300. And it was held to be immaterial that the purchaser had notice of the judgment, FEato v. Sanxter, 6 Sim. 517; or that a portion of the purchase money was set aside as an indemnity against it, Skeeles v. S&early, 8 Sim. 153; S. C. on appeal, 3 Mlyl. & Cr. 112. In that case, Sir John Leach, the vice-chancellor, decided that the effect of the transmission of the estate by appointment was, that the appointee takes it in the same manner as if it had been limited to him by the deed -under which the appointor takes in default of appointment, and, consequently, free and disconnected from any interest that the appointor had in the tenements in default of appointment; that, as the appointee is in no sense the assignee of the appointor,

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
he cannot be affected by judgments which affect only the estate and interest of the appointor, and, that being so, the circumstance of his having notice of such judgments is ,immaterial.
The statute of 1 and 2 Vict., c. 110, altered the law in this respect, by making judgments an actual charge on the debtor's property, where he has, at the time the.judgment is entered up or at any time afterwards, any disposing power over it, which he might, without the assent of any other person, exer:se for his own benefit; so that it would continue to bind the property, notwithstanding any appointment. 2 Sugden on Powers, 7th Lond. Ed. 33; Burton on Real Property, 8th Lond. Ed. 283; Hotham v. Sne'mville, 9 Beav. 63.
In Illinois the definition of that real estate which is made subject at law to the lien of judgments, was enlarged by the act of July 1, 1872, Turd's Rev. Stat. 1882, p. 676, so as to include "all legal and equitable rights and interests therein and thereto ;" but the rights of the parties in this suit are not affected by it, and must be governed by the principles of the common law in force when they became fixed.
It is indeed a rule well established in England, and recognized in this country, that where a person has a general power of appointment, either by deed or by will, and executes this power, the property appointed is deemed, in equity, part of his assets, and' subject to the demands of his creditors in preference to the claims of his voluntary appointees or legatees. This rule is stated by Mr. Justice Gray in Clapp v. Ingra7am, 126 Ma'ss. 200, to have had its origin, perhaps, in' a decree of Lord Somers, affirlhed by the House of Lords, in a case in which the person executing the pow-er had, in effect, reserved the power to himself in granting away the estate. Tzom.son v. Towne, Prec. Oh. 52; S. . 2 Vern. 319. But it was frequently afterwards applied to cases of the execution of a general power of appointment by will, of property of which the donee had never any ownership or control during his life. -2. re Harney's Estate,L. 1R. 13 Ch. Div. 216. That doctrine, however, has no application in the present case for several reasons. The appellants did not seek such relief in equity as against the

BRANDIES v. COCHRANE.

Opinion of the Court.

estate created by the exercise of the power of appointment by

Robert Forsythe, but claimed a lien at law upon the antece-

dent estate, which that exercise of the power had displaced

and defeated. At the time when that might have been done,

their judgment had ceased to be a debt against him. by reason

of his discharge in bankruptcy, and the appointees, Corwith

and Cochrane, were not volunteers but purchasers for value.

It is further said, however, that the bankruptcy itself cut off

the power of appointment in Forsythe. If so, it passed to the

assignee in bankruptcy for the benefit of the estate and its

general creditors; was exercised by the sale at which Wallace

became the purchaser, and vested in him a complete title by

virtue of the appointment, displacing and defeating the limita-

tions under the original deed of trust to Arthur; and then

passed to the appellees by virtue of the conveyance from Wal-

lace to Scoville. But it was held in Jones v. Clifton, 101 U.

S. 225, that such a power of appointment does not pass to an

assignee in bankruptcy of the person in whom the power re-

sides.

The case of Wfite v. -JcPheeters7, 5 Missouri, 286, cited and

relied on by counsel for appellants, does not decide the only

question involved here. That case arose under the Mis-

souri statute, which appears to be broader than that of Illinois

in its definition of real estate subject to seizure and sale on ex-

ecutions at law; and was, in fact, a proceeding in equity by a

creditor's bill to subject the estate, which was subject to the

power of appointment and had been conveyed to a volunteer

in pursuance thereof, to the satisfaction of judgments.

On the whole case, we are of opinion that the decree of the

Circuit Court was correct, and it is accordingly

-Affirmed.

AoL. cxI-23

MELLEN v. WALLACK
Syllabus.
as to the proportions in which they are to share the proceeds of his collections, the dispute will be among 'themselves and not with him. le cannot act upon separate-instructions from the several creditors. Hs duty is to collect the tax for the benefit of all alike. A payment of the judgment of one creditor would not relieve him from his obligation to collect the whole tax. The object of the proceeding is, not to raise the sums due the relators, but to raise the whole tax of ten mills on the dollar. As the matter stands, each relator has the right to have the whole tax collected for the purpose of distribution among all the creditors. It is apparent, therefore, that the dispute is between the tax collector on one side and all the creditors on the other, as to his duty to collect the tax as a whole for division among them, after the collection is made, according.to their several shares. The value of the matter in dispute is measured by the whole amount of the tax, and not by the separate parts into which it is to be divided when collected. It is conceded that the amount of the tax is more than $5,000.
T~e Twtion to dismiss is overfzled.
MELLEN v. WALLACH.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREMIE COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Argued Apr! 24, 18.-Decided NovembQ- 3,1884.
Under a deed of trust to secure 31., covering land in the District of Columbia, owned by B. and W., as tenants in common, the land was sold to B., in 1873. The amount secured by the deed was $5,000 of principal and $2,429.02 interest, expenses and taxes. The sale was for enough to pay all this and leave a sum due to W. for her share of the surplus. The terms of sale were not carried out, but M. advanced to B. $3,200 more (out of which the $2,429.02 was paid), and took a deed of trust for $8,200, which was recorded as a first lien. A deed of trust to secure the amount going to W. was recorded as a second lien, but.was never accepted by W. Litigation afterwards ensued, to which M and B. and W. were parties, and in which a sale of the land was ordered and made in 1881, and -. bought it, for a sum not sufficient to pay the 7,429.02, with interest, and the subsequent

OCTOBER TERMI, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
taxes on the land. W. claimed priority out of the purchase money for her share of the surplus on the sale of 1873, and M. claimed the right to set off against the purchasemoney enough of her claim for the $7,429.02, and interest, and the subsequent taxes, to absorb it: Held, that the parties had abandoned the sale of 1873, and that the sale of 1880 must be regarded as a sale to enforce the original deed of trust to secure M., and that NV. had no right to any of the proceeds of the sale of 1880.
The facts which make the case axe stated in the opinion of the court.
Mrh. Sidney . Thomas (M'. I. G. BTne was with him), for appellant.
.3P.Luther -f.Pike and _M. Jes&up Xillr for appellee.
Mr. JUsTICE IBLATCHFoD delivered the opinion of the court. Mrs. Susan L. Wallach, the wife of Charles L. Wallach, and Mrs. Catharine lBurche, the wife of Raymond W. Burche, sisters, and owners, as tenants in vommon, of land and buildings on the northwest corner of 6th street west and D street north, in the city'of Washington, joined with their husbands, on January 15th, 1872, in the execution to Joseph C.G. Kennedy, of a deed of trust of that property to secure the payment to Mrs. Rebecca R. Mellen, of a joint and several promissory note for $5,000, made by the grantors, payable at the end of five years from that date, with interest, at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, payable in quarterly instalments. The deed provided that the trustee might, on default, sell the property, at public sale, to the highest bidder, on such terms and conditions as he might deem most for the interest of all parties concerned in the sale, first giving at least ten days' notice of the time, place and terms of sale, by published advertisement. The deed provided that the proceeds of the sale, after paying its expenses, and other expenses of the trust, and a commission to the trustee, should be used to pay the debt, interest., costs and expenses, whether due and unpaid, or unpaid though not due, and the surplus to the grantors. There was also a provision that the expense of insurance, as well as of any taxes the payment whereof might become necessary, should thereupon be-

MELLEN v. WALLACEL
Opinion of the Court.
come a debt due and owing by the grantors, the payment of which should be secured by the deed.
There being default in the payment of interest, the trustee published a notice that he would sell the property at public auction, on December 8th, 1873, on the following terms: $5,000, with interest thereon at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, from January 15th, 1873, "together with the expenses o! sale, in cash, and the balance at one and two years, for which the purchaser is to give his notes, bearing interest at the rate of eight per cent. per annum, and secured by deed of trust on the property sold." The property was sold for $16,509.66. The purchaser was Mrs. Burche. The charges against the purchase money were stated by the trustee to be $7,692.45, made up 6f $5,093.74 for note and interest, and $2,598.71 for taxes, trustee's fee, auctioneer's commission *and advertising. This left a net balance of $8,817.21, of which one-half, or $4,408.60, was stated to belong to Mrs. Wallach, and to be the sum to be secured for her benefit under the deed of trust to be given on the property sold, according to published terms of sale. Mr. Kennedy, as trustee, and Mrs. Mellen, on Decenrber 15th, 1873, made a deed to Mrs. Burche, conveying the property to her. This deed was acknowledged by the trustee on December 24th, 1873. On that day Mrs. Burche executed to Mrs. Mellen a deed of trust of the same property, to secure the payment of a promissory note bearing that date, made by Mrs. Burche, for $8,200, payable to the order of Mrs. Elizabeth Hain, five years after date, with interest at the rate of 10 per cent. per' annum, payable quarterly. This deed was acknowledged and recorded on that day, so as to make it a first lien on the property. On the same day Mrs. Burche executed two promissory notes, payable to the order of Mr. Kennedy, each for $2,204.30, payable one in one year and the other in two years after date, with interest at the rate of 8 per cent. per annum, and, to secure them, executed to Anthony Hyde and Albert F. Fox a deed of trust on the same property. This deed was acknowledged December 31st, 1873, and recorded January 7th, 1874. Of course it was only a second lien on the property. Mrs. Mellen, Mrs. Burche and the trustee intended

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
that these notes to Mr. Kennedy and this second deed of trust should be the provision for the $4,408.60 for Mrs. Wallach.
What was done caine about in this way: Mrs. Mellen made an arrangement with Mrs. Burche to let the $5,000 of principal stand, and to lend her $3,200 more, if she would secure the $8,200 by a first lien on the property. Mrs. Hain was the mother of Mrs. Mellen, and lent to her $1,000 of the $3,200. Mrs. Mellen furnished the rest, and had the note made to Mrs. Hain, and herself made trustee. Subsequently the notes were transferred to her. With some of the $3,200, the interest, taxes, expenses, &c., beyond the $5,000, were paid, and the remainder Mrs. Burche retained. Mrs. Wallach never accepted the two notes given to Mr. Kennedy, or the deed of trust securing them, and did not record that deed, or procure or authorize it to be recorded.
In September, 1873, there being a dispute between Mrs. Wallach and Mrs. Burche, as to the application of the rents of the property, which, under an agreement between them, Mrs. Wallach had been receiving for several years, and as to other matters concerning the property, they agreed, in writing, to submit the matter to three referees, who made an award Novemher 8th, 1873. On January 29th, 1874, Mrs. Burche brought a suit in equity, in the Supreme Court-of the District of Columbia, against Mrs: Wallach and Mr. Kennedy, praying for an accounting between herself and her sister respecting their interests in the poperty, and respecting the rents received and taxes paid -nd repairs made by Mrs. Wallach, and respecting the monpye' Vrs. Burche had -paid or secured on the property for taxes and expenses of the trustee's sale and interest on the debt to krs. Mellen, and respecting charges on the p~operty at the time of ,the sale, and that the amount whilch should be found to be due to Mrs. Burche be deduted from tbe"$4,408.60 going to Mrs. Wallach, and that Mrs. -Vallach convey her interest in the property to Mrs. Burche in fee sirr tIle, and that Mr, Kennedy and Mrs. Wallich be enjoined from parting with the two notes or their proceeds till a final decree.
On December 1st, 1874, Mis. Wallach filed an answer to Mrs. Burche's bill and also a cross-bill against Mr. Kenned ,

31ELLEN v. WALLACH.
, Opinion of the Court.
Mr. and Mrs. Burche, Mrs. Hain and Mrs. Mellen. In this bill she attacked the validity of the sale under the deed of trust, for various reasons, and prayed for an accounting between herself and Mrs. B urche, and for the setting aside of the award, and of the sale under the deed of trust, and for the cancelling of the deed from Mr. Kennedy to Mrs. Burche, and for a sale of the property. This cross-bill was not prosecuted, but on the 16th of January, 1875, Mrs. Wallach filed an original bill in the same court against the same defendants as in the cross-bill, and containing in substance the same allegations and praying the same relief, and, in addition, the cancelling of the trust deed from Mrs. Burche to Mrs. Mellen, and of that from Mrs. Burche to Hyde and Fox. This bill contains the averment that Mrs. Wallach never admitted that the sale to Mrs. Burche was a valid one, and that she had never received, or sought to receive, any benefit therefrom, or to claim any. thing thereunder, and that, shortly after the sale was made, she gave notice to Mr. Kennedy that she denied that the sale was valid.
Mr. and Mrs. Burche answered this bill. So did Mrs. Mellen. The two suits were brought to a hearing together, on proofs, before the court at special term, and on the 27th of June, 1877, a decree was made, entitled in both suits, adjudging the sale of December 8th, 1873, to have been a valid sale; and that Mrs. Burche and Mrs. Wallach agreed with Mrs. Mellen that the sale should be. made, and that, if either of them should purchase at the sale, Mrs. Mellen should lend to Ihe purchaser so much money as should be found necessary to pay off the liens on the property and the arrears of interest, with -costs and expenses of sale, and add the same to the original debt of $5,000, and take a new deed of trust for the aggregate amount of those two sums, which deed was to be the first mortgage on the property. The decree referred the suit brought by Mrs. Bu'che to an auditor to state accounts between Mrs. Burche and Mrs. Wallach. A decree was made dismissing the bill filed by Mrs. Wa.lach. She appealed from both decrees to the court in general term, which, by a decree made June 5th, 1878, consolidated the two suits, reversedthe decree in the suit brought by Mrs.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
Wallach, modified the decree in the other suit,-and directed the court in special term to enter a decree in the consolidated suits, confirming the sale by Mr. Kennedy, and referring it to an auditor to take 'various accounts between the parties. On the 5th of May, 1879, he reported eight accounts. Mrs. Mellen excepted to the report, and the auditor was directed to state a further account. He did so on October 30th, 1879. On the 3d of January, 1880, the court in Vecial term made a decree in the consolidated suit, adjudging that the sum of $5,000 due to Mrs. Mellen, and the further sum of 82,429.02, afterwards advanced by her for the payment of interest in arrear, taxes and other encumbrances, constituted the only lien upon the estates of Mrs. Burche and Mrs. Wallach in the property on the day of sale,, December 8th, 1873; that the further sum of $970.98 was due Mrs. Mellen from Mrs. Burche, and chargeable on her share in the property; that the sum of $3,975.49 became due on December 8th, 1873, to Mrs. Wallach, with interest, at the rate of 8 per cent. per annum, for her share of the net proceeds of the sale of the property on that day; and that the property be sold by trustees. An ineffectual attempt by them to sell at auction was made January 26th, 1880, $11,000 being bid, and the property being then withdrawn. On June 9th, 1880, they sold it, at auction, to Mrs. Mellen, for $9,900. On exceptions by Mrs. Wallach, the court, on November 8th, 1880, set aside thp sale, and ordered another. It was made, at auction, on November 19th, 1880, tQ Mrs. Mellen, for $9,900. On December 29th, 1880, the court in special term made a decree confirming the sale, and allowing Mrs. Mellen to discount out of the purchase money her claim of $7,429,02, fixeji by the decree of Janua ry 3d, 1880, with interest on $7,105.41 thereof from December 8th, 1873, and the taxes and assessments which had accrued against the property since that date. A statem6nt agreed to between Mrs. Mellen and Mrs. Wallach showed that the net proceeds of sale were insufficient to pay the claims so allowed to Mrs. Mellen, by the sum of $3,580.81. M rs. Wallach appealed to the court in general term, and on the 9th of' July, 1881, it made a decree (1 Mackey, 236), which adjudged that the arrangement made between Mrs. Burche and Mrs.

MELLEN v. WALLACH.
Opinion of the Court.
Mellen to encumber the property for $8,200 was without the knowledge of Mrs. Wallach, and was never approved or ratified by her; that at the time of the execution of the trust deed for $8,200, Mrs. Wallach was entitled to have out of the property $3,975.49, with interest at the rate of 8 per cent. per annum from December 8th, 1873; that the rights of Mrs. Wallach had not been waived by her, and could not be affected by any arrangement between Mrs. Burche and Mrs. Mellen; that the decree of the court in special term, made December 29th, 1880, be reversed; that Mrs. Mellen comply with the terms of sale on her purchase within thirty days, or the property be resokl at her risk and cost; that the proceeds of the property be applied in the first place to pay to Mrs. Wallch the 83,975.49, with interest thereon at the rate of 8 per cent. per annum from December 8th, 1873, and the residue be paid to Mrs. Mellen; and that Mrs. Mellen pay the costs of the suits. From this decree Mrs. Mellen has taken the present appeal.
The only question for consideration is, whether Mrs. Mellen or Mrs. Wallach is entitled to priority of payment out of the net proceeds of the sale of the property under the decree of January 3d, 1880. If Mrs. Mellen is entitled to priority, there is nothing for Mrs. Wallach; and she will have lost her interest in the property and her share of the net proceeds of its sale by Mr. Kennedy. Mr. Kennedy was authorized, by the deed of trust, to sell upon such terms and conditions as he might deem most for the interest of all parties concerned in the sale. He exercised his best judgment in prescribing the terms he did, which were $5,000, with interest at the rate 10 per cent. per annum from January 15th, 1873, and the expenses of the sale, in cash, and the balance at one and two years, with interest at 8 per cent. per annum, secured by deed of trust on the property sold. Although Mrs. Wallach attacked the validity of the sale by her suit, and prayed for the cancelling of the deed frqm Mr. Kennedy to Mrs. Burche, and of the trust deed from Mrs. Burehe to Mrs. Mellen, the court, in special term, by its decree of June 27th, 1877, adjudged the sale to be valid, and, although Mrs. Wallach appealed, the court in general term confirmed the sale. If that sale had been cariied

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
out according to its terms, Mrs. Mellen would have received in cash her $5,000 of principal, and what was due to her beyond that would have been secured in notes at one and two years, with a deed of trust, and the surplus going to Mrs. Wallach would have been secured by the same deed of trust. But in such event, Mrs. Mellen would have been entitled to receive first the whole amount going to her before M rs. Wallach could receive anything, because Mrs. Wallach's claim was only to the surplus. But the sale by Mr. Kennedy was not carried out according to its terms. The court in general term, by its decree of June 5th, 1878, confirmed the sale, and provided for taking accounts, although it reversed the decree which had dismissed Mrs. Wallach's bill, and evidently contemplated then that the .sale might be carried out, for the decree says, that inasmuch a$ the settlement for such sale, made by Mrs. Mellen and Mrs. Burche, was complained of, and it was alleged that the account on which the sale was settled was made up without the knowl. edge of Mrs. Wallach, and Mrs. Wallach alleged that a much larger amount had been charged to her than ought to have been, therefore, in order to settle the equities of the parties interested in the sale, between Mrs. Mellen and Mrs. Wallach and Mrs. lBurche, and between Mrs. Mellen and Mrs. Burche, and between Mrs. Wallach and Mrs. Burche, growing out of the sale and otherwise, the reference is made. The reference embraced an ascertainment of the liens on the property at the date of its sale, and what share of them was chargeable to Mrs. Wallach, and what sum, if any, due from her to Mrs. Burche ought to be set off against Mrs. Wallach's interest in the proceeds of Mr. Kennedy's sale, and what were the expenses of such sale. The same decree reserved all the equities between the parties touching the matters in controversy until the report should be made and confirmed.
The $8,200 deed of trust was given by Mrs. lBurche to Mrs. Mellen, and the parties got into litigation. As a result of that, the court in special term decreed, on January 3d, ISSO, that the sum of $5,000 due to Mrs. Mellen, and the $2,429.02 which she had advanced to pay interest in arrear, taxes and other encumbrances, were liens on the property on the day of Mr.

MELLEN v. WALLACH.
Opinirn of the Court.
Kennedy's sale. But the decree went on to direct a sale of the property and of all the interest and estate therein of all the parties to the suit, by trustees whom it appointed. The decree directed the trustees to bring into court t ie money and notes which they should receive, to be distribui ed under the further order of the court. This decree was not appealed from, but the sale took place under it. That sale was confirmed by the court in special term, by its dedree of December 29th, 1880. Mis. Mellen acquiesced in that decree by not appealing from it. On Mrs. WWallach's appeal from it, the court in general term decreed that the trustees who made the sale should require Mrs. Mellen to comply specifically with the terms of her purchase. Mrs. Wallach did not appeal from that, and so she acquiesced in it; and Mrs. Mellen, on her appea. to this court assigns for error only the action of the general term in giving to Mrs. Wallach priority of payment. Mrs. Burche, being a party to both suits, and not appealing, is bound by the decrees. In view of all this, it must be held that all parties have by their action abandoned the sale by Mr. Kennedy, and acquiesced in the subsequent sale to Mrs. Mellen. It follows from this that all claim of Mrs. Wallach to any surplus from the sale by Mr. Kennedy is gone. Mrs. Mellen, instead of exacting on the sale in cash her $5,000, was willing to leave it to be still a first lien on the property. Her priority of lien, as established by the decree of January 3d, 180 , which was not appealed from, extended to the sum of $2,429.02, beyond the $5,000, as money which she had paid to discharge interest, costs, expenses aid taxes which were made a lien on the property by the trust deed to Mi. Kennedy. That amount was, with the $5,000 embraced in the $8,200, covered by the deed of trust made by Mrs. Burche. But, to the extent of $7,429.02, with the interest awarded by the-decree of December 29th, 1880, Mrs. Mellen's claim stands and has never been satisfied. It is a first lien under the trust-deed to Mr. Kennedy, which remains to be enforced for the benefit of Mrs. Mellen, the sale under that deed being, as shown, out of theway, by assent of all parties. Mrs. Mellen has never waived that claim and lien. She asserted them by taking the trust
VOL. Cxli.-4

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Syllabus.
dded from Mrs. Burche, to which we see no valid objection, so far, at least, as the amount for which she had a lien at the date of Mr. Kennedy's sale is concerned, and which is the amount allowed her by the court in special term as a lien. She has asserted the same claim and lien constantly ever since. She did not abandon them by assenting to the re-sale provided for by the decree of January 3d, 1880. In fact that decree, so far as the $7,429.02 adjudged by it to be due' to Mrs. Mellen and to have been a lien on the property on the day of Mr. Kennedy's sale, and so far as Mrs. Mellen's claim to that extent is concerned, may properly be regarded as ordering a re-sale to enforce Mrs. Mellen's rights under the deed of trust to Mr. Kennedy. Such is its effect. Astor v. .iller, 2 Paige, 68; Olott v. Bynum, 17 Wall. 63; .fackey v. Langley, 92 U. S. 142, 155.
The decree of the court in general term, made July 9th, 1881, is reversed, and the cause is remanded to that court, with direction to afflrm, with costs, the decree of the court in sTecial term made December 29th, 1880, and to take or direct svohfurtherproceedingsas may be in conformity with law and not inconsistent with this opinion.
BUTTERWORTHI, Commissioner of Patents, v. UNITED STATES ex rel. HOE & Others.
IN ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLTMBIA.
Argued Oct.ber 15, 16, 184.-Decided November 3,1884.
The Secretary of the Interior has no power by law to revise the acti6 n of the Commissioner of Patents in awarding to an applicaht priority of invention, and adjudging him entitled to a patent. The legislation on this subject examined and reviewed.
The executive supervision and direction which the head of a department may, exerpise over his subordinates in matters administrative and executive do not extend to matters in which the subordinate ;z directed by statute to act judicially.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Syllabus.
she had gone off two points by starboarding, and brought green light to green light. This is the point in judgment in The Earl of Elgin, L. IR.4 P. C. App. 1.
But it is urged for the: Jones that the porting mentioned in the fifth finding was a porting in ext'emis, and, therefore, excusable. The finding is not to that effect. The changes made bytthe Willis are found to have been proper and were proper. This being so, no fault of the Willis induced the final act of porting by the Jones. To be an excusable mistake in ecetremis, a pardonable manceuvre, though contributing to or inducing a collision, when the manoeuvre would have. been faulty if not excusable, it must be one produced by fault or mismanagement in the other vessel. 2Tew York & Liverpool Steamship Co. v. 1?umball, 21 How. 372, 383; Thke 3Tichols, 7 Wall. 656, 666; The .Carroll,8 Id. 302, 305; The Dexter, 2S Id. 69, 76; The Bywell Castle, 4 P. D. 219. The last case is a well-considered judgment by Lords Justices James, Brett and Cotton, in the Court of Appeal, and the rule there formulated is, that "where one ship has, by wrong manceuvres, placed another ship in a position of extreme danger, that other ship will not be held to blame if she has done something wrong, and has not been manceuvred with perfect skill and presence of mind."
On the whole case, we are of opinion that Te decree of the Circuit Courtmust be affirmed, but without
interest o2h the amount of that decree.
BRITTON & Another v. THORNTON.
IN ERROR. TO THE CIRCUIT COIURT *OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE 'WESTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Argued November 26, 18S4.-Declded December 15, 1884.
Under a devise to one person infee, and, in case he should die under age and without children, to another in fee, the devise over takes effect upon, the death at any time of the first devisee under age and without childrein.
A testator devised to E, daughter of his son N, a parcel of land in fee, provided that should E die in her minority, and without lawful issue then

BRITTON v. THORNTON.
Statement of Facts.
living,-the land should reyert and become a part of the residue of his estate; devised other land to his son W for life, and to J, son of W, in fee, with a like proviso; gave to his widow certain real and personal property for life; and devised the residue of his estate to his executors, and directed that the income be suffered to accumulate until his eldest grandchild then living should. attain the age of twenty-one years, or until the decease of his son W, whichever should first occur, and then the whole to be equally divided among all his grandchildren then living, and in making such division the amount of the devises to J and to E, according to an estimate of their present value, to be made.by three appraisers, to be charged to tnem'as part of their respective shares. Reld, That the estate of E in the land specifically devised to her was devested by her dying under age and without issue, though after the deaths of the testator and of W. A statute of a State, enacting that two concurring verdicts and judgments in. ejeetment shall be conclusive of the title, establishes a rule of property in land within the State, and binds the courts of the United States. Under the statute of Pennsylvania of April 13, 1807, enacting that tw concurring verdicts and judgment thereon between the same parties in ejectment shall be conclusive and bar the right, one judgment on a special verdict is not conclusive of any fact found by that verdict; and two verdicts and judgments are not conclusive upon a title not therein.adjudicated.
This was an action of ejectment brought on April 12, 1880, in the Court of Common Pleas of the County of Fayette and State of Pennsylvania, by John Russell Thornton, a citizen of that State, against George A. Wilson, a citizen of Ohio, and William Britton and George E. Hogg, citizens of Pennsylvania, his tenants at will; and removed by Wilson into the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Pennsylvania.
At the trial in that court, before a jury, both parties claimed title under the will of Joseph Thornton, who died on October 25, 183c" seized of thd land; the plaintiff as his surviving grandchild, and the defendants through Eliza Ann Thornton; and the following facts were admitted:
Joseph Thornton's will, which was duly admitted to probate, besides devising certain real and personal property to his widow for life, directing his executors to pay at their disctetion to his son Nelson the sum of $365 a year during his life, and making other devises and bequests, contained the following: *"Item I give and devise to my son, William S. Thornton,

' 528

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.

Statement, of Facts.

during his natural life, all-that body of land lying in Luzerne Township, Fayette County, on which he now lives, consisting of four parcels adjoining each other, which' I purchased of Samuel MeMullin, Nicholas Miller, Eliza Coleman, and the heirs of Abraham Merritt, to hold the same without impeachment of waste."
"Item: To my grandson, Joseph Thornton, son of my said son William, I give and devise all the lands in tie preceding item devised to his father, to possess and enjoy the same from the death of his father, forever: Provided, that [if] the said Joseph die in his minority, and without lawful issue then living, the said land shall revert and b6come a part of the residue and remainder of my estate hereinafter disposed of.",
"Item: To Eliza Ann Thornton, natural daughter of my said son Nelson, I give and devise all that plantation bought of Andrew Porter and John Davis, lying on the Monongahela River, in Luzerne Township, adjoining Eliza Crawford, Thomas
Neelan, Joseph Crawford, and Joseph Crawford, Jr., containing, as is supposed, twd hundred and sixty acres, besides allowances, be the same more or less, she paying out of the rents to my executors the sum of three hundred and sixty-five [dollars] annually during the life of mny said son Nelson : Pr6vided, that should the said Eliza Ann die in her minority, and without lawful issue then living, the land hereby devised shall revert and become a part of the residue of my estate -hereinafter
disposed of." "Item: All the rest and residue of my estate not heretofore
disposed I give, devise and bequeath to my executors; and I do hereby authorize and empower theni, or the survivor of them or their successors in the said office, to sell and convey any and all of my real estate not herein fully disposed of, if in their discretion they shall think it for the advantage or convenience of my estate, and whenever they may think proper so to do; and in the mean time to receive the rents, issues and profits of the real estate and the proceeds of the personal and the dividends of all stocks, and apply them to the payment of the legacies of this my will.

BRITTON v. THORNTON.
Statement of Facts.
"It is my will that the rents, issues and profits 6f the real estate given to my executors, or the proceeds thereof, if sold, and the dividends of all my estate given to them, or the proceeds, if sold, and the proceeds of all other personal estate not required to pay the debts and legacies heretofore given, be vested by my executors in stocks or put out at interest and suffered to accumulate until.my eldest grandchild then living shall attain the age of twenty-one years, or until ihe decease of my son William, whichever shall first occur, and then the whole to be equa~y divided among all my grandchildren then living, and the children of any who may be dead leaving issue, such issue to take by representation. The said Eliza Ann, natural daughter of my son Nelson, to be considered a grandchild, and to be entitled to share as such; and in making such division the amount of the devise made to Joseph, son. of my son William, and to the said Eliza Ann, according to an estimate of their present value, to be made by three men appointed by my executors or by the Orphans' Court, to be charged to them or their children as part of their respective shares."
William S. Thornton died in 1852, before any of the testator's grandchildren had attained the age of twenty-one years. Eliza Ann Thornton, on January 1, 1856, married John S. Krepps, and died on January 23, 1857, without lawful issue then living, and leaving her husband her heir at law; and he, on November16, 1872, conveyed the land in dispute to Britton, who, on March 8, 1873, conveyed an undivided half of it to Ilogg; and on February 8, 1878, Britton and "Hogg conveyed the whole to the defendant Wilson. Krepps died on November 16,1873. The plaintiff, John Russell Thornton, was the sole surviving grandchild and heir at law of the testator, l the other grandchildren having died without issue.
There was conflicting evidence of the date of Eliza Ann's birth; the evidence lor the plaintiff tending to show that it was February 12, 1836; and the evidence for the defendants tending to show that it was February 12, 1835.
The defendants requested the court to instruct the jury that, William S. Thornton having died in the lifetime of Eliza Ann, she, as grandchild of the testator, and by virtue of the residuary
OL cxi-34

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Statement of Facts.
clause in his will, became entitled in fee to the land in dispute, and"that the defendants, having succeeded to her title, were entitled to a verdict. The court refused this instruction; and afterwards instructed the jury that the case turned upon their determination "of the contested question of fact, whether she died before or after attaining the age of twenty-one years; and thal if she died under that age, and the plaintiff was the only living descendant of the testator, he was entitled io recover.
The defendants put in evidence a certified copy of a record of the Circuit Court at May term 1878, of an action of ejectment between the same parties for the same land, in which a special verdict was returned finding the facts above admitted, and also that Eliza Ann at the time of her death was above the age of twenty-one years, and a judgment was rendered thereon, which was still in force and unreversed. The defendants requested that the jury might be instructed that that verdict and judgment were conclusive evidence that Eliza Ann was of age at the time of her death, and therefore the verdict in this case must be for the defendants. This instruction was refused.
The defendants then put in evidence a certified copy of a record of the Court of Common Pleas of Fayette County at March term 1858, of an action of ejectment for the same land, brought by Joseph Thornton's executors against Krepps (under whom these defendants claimed title), by which it appeared that a verdict was returned for Krepps under an instruction of the court that he was entitled to possession as the surviving husband of-Eliza Ann, and judgment was rendered thereon, which .was still in full force and unreversed. The defendants requested the court to instruct the jury that the verdicts and judgments in the two cases, records of which had been put in evidence by them, availed in law to conclude the controversy, and the verdict in this case should be for the defendants. The court refused this instruction, because by the record of 1858 it appeared that the only matter determined was that Krepps, as surviving husband of Eliza Ann,took a life estate as tenant by the curtesy; upon any construction of the will of Joseph Thornton, and whether she died under or above the age of twentyone years.

BRITTON v. THORNTON.
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
The defendants excepted to the refusals to instruct and to the instructions given in this case, and, a verdict being returned for the plaintiff, sued out this writ of error.
Mrb. George Skiras, Jr., for plaintiff in error.-I. In the proviso to the specific devise the testator was contemplating and providing for the death of Eliza Ann in his lifetime. The testator used the same language in the devise to Joseph. It is not probable that he intended that they should take absolute estates in the residuary part of his estate, and defeasible estates in the laud specifically devised to them. Our construction gives effect to both clauses of the will. See 3 Jarman on Wills, ch. 48 ; Doe v. Sparrow, 13 East, 359. Another view is that the testator may have meant the death of Eliza Ann before the time fixed for the division. Besant v. Cox, 6 Oh. Div. 604; Olivant v. IV'ight, 1 Oh. Div. 316. The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania was in efror in supposing that Eliza Ann died before the time for the division.-II. Not disputing that in Pennsylvania a single verdict and judgment in ejectment is not conclusive as to title, even between the same parties, we contend that the special verdict and judgment were conclusive as to the question of fact, Eliza Ann's age. The general principle is that a point or matter of fact, once adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction, may be shown and relied on as an estoppel in any subsequent suit, in the same or any other court, when either party, or the privies of either party, allege anything inconsistent with it; and this, too, whether the subsequent suit is upon the same or a different cause of action. Betts v. Starr, 5 Conn. 550; Hoikins v. Lee, 6 Wheat. 109; Outram v. .2orewood,3 East, 346 ; Aurora City v. West, 7 Wall. 82, 94; Toga Railroadv. Blossburg Railroad,20 Wall. 137.III. Adnitting the general rule in Pennsylvania that two successive verdicts and judgments in ejectment in favor of the same, party are conclusive, we claim that, if the record discloses, in one of the cases, that the verdict and judgment were obtained because of some fact in the case which was conclusive in that particular case only, (hen such verdict and judgment do noe count as against the losing party. The act of April 13, 1807,

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
by its 4th section provides that two successive verdicts and judgments "shall be final and conclusive and bar the right." Nothing is said in the statute as to the incidents or evidence in the tria s. Its terms attribute final and conclusive effect to the verdicts and judgments, regardless of other questions than the identity of the parties and of the causes of action.
MR. JusTicE G-uA delivered the opinion of the court. He recited the facts as above stated, and continued:
The question which lies at the foundation of this case is what estate Eliza Ann Thornton took in the land which Joseph Thornton specifically devised to her, "provided that, should the said Eliza Ann die in her minority, and without lawful issue then living, the lands hereby devised shall revert and become part of the residue of my estate hereinafter disposed of."
By.this specific devise, Eliza Ann Thornton took an'estate in fee, defeasible by an executory devise over.
That the estate devised to her, though without words of inheritance, was not an estate for life merely, but was an estate in fee, is not disputed, and is apparent from the description of the subject of the devise as "that plantation bought of Andrew Porter and John Davis;" from the charg, imposed upon her personally, to pay an annuity out of the rents; and from the devise over in the contingency of her dying under age and without issue then living, thereby implying that her estate would not be terminated by her death after coming of age or leaving issue; as well as from the provision of the stathte of Pennsylvania of April 8, 1833, that "all devises of real estate shall pass the whole estate of the testator in the premises devised, although there be no words of inheritance or of perpetuity, unless it appear by a devise over, or by words of limitation or otherwise in the will, that the testator intended to devise a less estate." 2 Jarman onTWills (5th Am. ed.) 270, 271, 276, and note 2; Purdon's Digest (10th ed.) 1475, § 10.
It is equally clear that, upon her death under age and without issue then living, her estate in fee was defeated by the executory devise over. When indeed a devise is made to one

BRITTON v. THORNTON.
Opinion of the Court.
person in fee, and "in case of his death" to another in fee, the absurdity of speaking of the one event which is sure to occur to all living as uncertain and contingent has led the courts to interpret the devise over as referring only to death in the testator's lifetime. 2 Jarman on Wills, ch. 48; Briggs v. Sh'zw, 9 Allen, 516 ; Lord Cairns in O'Vafakoney v. Burdett, L. R. 7 I. L. 388, 395. But when the death of the first taker is coupled, with other circumstances which may or may not ever take place, as, for instance, death under age or without children, the devise over, unless controlled by other provisions of the will, takes effect, according to the ordinary and literal meaning of the words, upon death, under the circumstances indicated, at any time, whether before or after the death of the testator.* O'3falwney v. Burdett, above cited; 2 Jarman on Wills, ch. 49.
We find nothing in this will to take the case out of the general rule, or to support the argument of the plaintiff in error that the testator intended that the devise over should not take effect if Eliza Ann survived him, or at least if she survived his son William.
The phrase in the specific devise that, in the prescribed contingency, the land shall "revert and become part of the residue," is quite as consistent with the happening of the contingency after the estate has once vested in the devisee, as with its happening in the testator's lifetime and before any estate has vested in her.
The direction in the residuary clause that the residue shall be divided among all the testator's grandchildren when the oldest living grandchild shall attain the age of twenty-one years, or at the death of the testator's son William, whichever shall first occur, does not necessarily require a single and final division of the whole residue upon the death of William or the coming of age of a grandchild; for either of those events might happen before the termination of the widow's estate for life in that part of the property, real 'and personal, which upon hei death must fall into the residue; and the coming of age of a grandchild might happen during the life of William, to whom also the testator had devised a life estate in other land.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
The provision that Eliza Ann, a natural daughter of the tes. tator's son Nelson, shall be considered a grandchild and share as such in the residue, is coupled with a provision that the specific devise to her, according to an estimate to be made of its value, shall be charged to her as part of her share. The reasonable construction of this .provision, as both parties agree, is that the estimate made for that purpose shall be of the value of the land 'devised to her, not of the value of her defeasible estate in the land. By estimating the land at its full value, she would take an equal share with each grandchild in the whole property, if her estate in the land became indefeasible; and she -Wouldlose no more than the land, if her estate was defeated by the contingency prescribed in the specific devise, of her dy-"° ing in her minority qnd without issue, then living.
By the specific devise, it is only upon that contingency that the land devised to her is to "revert and become a part of the residue;" and, upon a view of the whole will, we are satisfied that the Circuit Court rightly held that she took nothing in this land under the residuary devise, and that her title under the specific devise was defeated by her dying under age and leaving no issue surviving her.
This conclusion accords with that of the Supreme Court of pennsylvania in an action of ejectment for the same land, brought in 1874 by John Rus§ell Thornton, the present plaintiff, against Britton,-one of the grantors of the present defendant Wilson, in which that court, as appears by opinions not officially reported, but copies of which have been submitted to us, held, and, upon petition for reargument, reaffirmed, that, "as to this particular tract of land, the estate of Eliza Ann becaie extinct, by the terms of the will itself, at the tine of her death without issue."
The other questions in the case depend upon the construction and effect of the statute of Pennsylvania of April 13, 1807, by which, "when two verdicts shall, in any writ of ejectment between the same parties, be giveh in succession for the plaintiff or defendant, and judgment be rendered thereon, no new ejectment shall be brought; but when there may be verdict against verdict between the same parties, and judgment thereon, a

BRITTON v. THORNTON.
Opinion of the Court.
third ejectment in such case, and judgment thereon, shall be final andconclusive, and bar the right." Pardon's Digest, 535,
§ 15.
This statute, giving a conclusive effect to judgments in ejectment, which they did not have at common law, establishes a rule of property concerning the title in land within the State of Pennsylvania, and binds the courts of the United -States as well as the courts of the State. _iles v. Caldwell, 2 Wall. 35; Blanchard v. Brown,3 Wall. 245; Equator Co. v. .all, 106 U..S. 86.
By the clear intention of this sttute, as by its uniform interpretation by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, it requires two concurring verdicts and judgments thereon in a commonlaw ejectment between the same parties, upon the same title, to conclude the right. The words '"the same parties" of course include their heirs or assigns. Evans v. Patterson,4 Wall. 224; .Drexel v. -Man, 2 Penn. St. 267. An award of referees has been made by the legislature, and a judgment after full hearing upon general demurrer or case stated has been deenred by the court equivalent to a verdict. Ives v. .eet, 14 S.& R. 301; 3fercer v. Watson, 1 Watts, 330. But in 3ereer,v. Wa.on the court, after full consideration of the terms of the statute and of the reasons for its passage, concluded that "the legislature did not intend to bar the party from bringing a new action of ejectment for the same land, upon the same title, until after two decisions should be had against him upon a full view and consideration of the whole of his case, and all the circumstances connected with it which he might think material, either by two judgments of a court of competent jurisdiction rendered upon gneral verdicts, special verdicts, cases stated, or in cases of demurrer to the pleadings or the eviddnce." I Watts, 344. And in' easter v. Fleisher, 7 W. & S. 137, it was adjudged that, although the statute did not expressly say so, the former verdicts and judgments must have been on the same title; because, in the words of Chief JTustice Gibson, "it certainly could not have been intended that a title should be barred by adjudication without having been adjudicated." 7 W. & S.138. To the same effect are

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Syllabus.
Kinter v. Jenks, 43 Penn. St. 445 ; (07sev. Ii'in,87 Penn. St. 286; Barows v. Zindred, 4 Wall. 399, and .erymnan v. Bourne, 9 Wall. 592.
The special verdict in the former action in the Circuit Court had no greater effect than a general verdict, and could not, consistently with the statute, be held to be of itself conclusive upon the general question of title, or upon any question necessarily involved in the determination of that title.
The verdict and judgment in the former action in the Court of Common Pleas were incompetent evidence under the statute, because, as the bill of exceptions in the present case shows, they did not pass upon the question whether Eliza Ann had an indefeasible title in the land, but only upon the point that her husband had a title by the curtesy therein, whether her title was defeasible or indefeasible. - In Pennsylvania, birth of issue is, not necessary to create an estate by the curtesy. Purdon's Digest, 806, § 4; Tnornton v. _repvs, 37 Penn. St. 391.
Judgment caffined.
CHEW HEO1NG v. UNITED STATES.
IN ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA.
Argued October 30,1884.-Decided December 8, 1884.
The fourth section of the act of Congress, approved May 6, 1882, ch. 126, as amended by the act of July 5, 1884, ch. 120, prescribing the certificate which shall be produced by a Chines laborer as the "only evidence permissible to establish his right of re-entry" into the United States, is not appicabie to Chinese laborers who, residing in this country at the date of the treaty of November 17,1880, departed by sea before May 6, 1882, and remainedi out of the United States until after July 5, 1884.
The rule re-affirmed that repeals of statutes by implication are not favored, and are never admitted where the former can stand with the new act.
Courts uniformly refuse to give to statutes a retrospective operation, whereby rights previously vested are injuriously affected, unless compelled to do so by language so clear and positive as to leave no room t6 doubt that such was the intention of the legislature.
Chew Heong, a Chinese laborer, arrived in the United States

HESS v. REYNOLDS.
Sy]labus.
had been paid, attracted the general attention of the revenue department, the answer to the problem of prevention was found by immediate inference from the existing regulations, in the adoption of the expedient now in question. As soon as the mischief became apparent, and the remedy was seriously and systematically studied by those competent to deal with the subject, the present regulation was promptly suggested and adopted, just as a skilled mechanic, witnessing the performance of a machine, inadequate, by reason of some defect, to accomplish the object for which it had been designed, by the application of his common knowledge and experience, perceives the reason of the failure, and. supplies what is obviously wanting. It is but the'display of the expected skill of the calling, and .involves only the exercise of the ordinary faculties of reasoning upon the materials supplied by a special knowledge, and the facility of manipulation which results from its habitual and intelligent practice; and is in no sense the creative work of that inventive faculty which it is the purpose of -the Constitution and the patent laws to encourage and reward.
On this ground M7dzecree of the CircuitCourt i'8 ,evered,and thecauge remanded, with directione to enter a decree dimigging the bill.
HESS v. REYNOLDS, Administrator.
IN ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNID STATES FOR THE
EASTERN DISTRICT OF MICHIGAW.
Submitted December 9, 1884.-Decided January 5, 1885.
A proceeding in a State court against an administrator, to obtain payment of a debt due by the decedent in his lifetime, is Yemovable into a court of the United States, when the creditor and the administrator are citizens of different States, notwithstanding the State statute may enact that such claims can only be established in a Probate Court of the State, or by appeal from that court to some other State court.
The act of March 8, 1875, to determine the jurisdiction of the Circuit Courts

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Argument for Defendant in Error.
and regulate the removal of causes from State courts, does not repeal or supersede all other statutes on those subjects, but only such as are in conflict with this latter statute. The third clause of section 689 of the Revised Statutes is not, therefore, abrogated or repealed. An application for removal under that clause is in time, if made before the trial or final hearing of the.cause in the State court. The report of commissioners to whom a claim has been referred by a Probate Court under the statutes of Michigin, is not such final hearing within the meaning of that section. The removal in all cases is into the Circuit Court of the District, which embraces territorially the State court in which the suit is pending at the time of the removal, without regard to the place where it originated.
The record shows that plaintiff in error, who was a citizen of Missouri, prosecuted his claim in the Probate Court of Ionia County, Michigan, against the estate of Warren Sherwood, deceased, of which William Reynolds had been appointed administrator. The claim being resisted, was, in due course of proceeding, referred to commissioners appointed by the probate judge, who reported against its allowance. Thereupon Hess, as the Michigan statute authorized, appealed to the Circuit Court of Ionia County, where he was entitled to a trial by jury. The judge of that court having been counsel for the administrator in the case, it was, by proper order, removed to the Circuit Court of Jackson County after a delay of several years, and from that court into the Circuit Court of the United States, on the affidavit of Hess that he had reason to believe, and did believe, that, from prejudice and, local influence, he would not be able to obtain justice in said State court.
The Circuit Court remanded the cause to the State court from which it had been removed; and this writ of error was brought to that judgment.
Mr&. Henry .3ewbegi, and Mr. B. B. Kng8bury for.plaintiff in error.
. Edgar . -Yarb e for defendant in error.-Under the statutes of Michigan, no process can issue from the State. court to collect the claim. The determination of the State. court is certified to the PrQbate Court and .claims paid upon the- basis

HESS v. REYNOLDS.
Opinion of the Court.
of the allowance made. This adjustment of each claim is in no sense a suit between parties in the meaning of the Removal Act. Wed v. Aurora, 6 Wall 139,142; Du 7 ivierv..ffopkins, 116 Mass. 125, 128. When a case is legally removed, the jurisdiction of the State court ceases for all purposes, and the suit cannot be remanded to the State court for any purpose.
anouee v. .fartin, 15 How. 198; Inuranme Co. v. Dunn, 19 Wall. 214:; .2aAone v..Railroad Co.,.l1l Mass. 72; Partridge v. Ineurance Co., 15 Wall. 573; D)u Vivier v. Bopkin, above cited. In this case a remand would be necessary, in order to enforce, according to Michigan laws, any judgment which might be rendered. Even if the cause was removable, the application for the removal caine too late. The statutes of Michigan provided for ttie appointment of commissioners by the Probate Court to examine and adjust claims against estates of deceased persons. All claims must be presented to the commissioners. They act judicially, and their judgment is final if not appealed from. Streeter v. _Paton, 7 Mich. 341, 346; .Fi v. Yor8e, 8 Mich. 34; -ClarkV.Davi8l 32 Mich. 154, 157 ; Sher3urn v. Hooper,40 Mich. 503. The-claimant presented his claim to 'such commissioners. They passed upon it. This brings his case within Stevenson v. - iliams, 19 Wall. 572, which is'decisive. 'The late Mr. Justice Swayne, at Circuit for the Eastern District of Michigan in August, 1878, decided this point in accordance with our views. In re Fraser,18 Albany Law Journal, 353. The case of Du Yivier v. Hopkins, above cited, is also exactly in point, as the Michigan and Massachusetts statutes are substantially alike. See also Gaines v.Fuentes, 92 U. S. 10; BroderioCVs Will, 21 Wall. 503; Yonley v. Lavender, 21 Wall. 276; Tarve' v. Tarver, 9 Pet. 174; .Fouvergnev. -ew Orleans, 18 How. 470.
Mn. JusnEn MILLER delivered the opinion of the court. He recited the facts as above stated, and continued:
The first objection to the removal is that the -proceeding in the State court, which was commenced in the Probate Court to obtain payment of a claim against the estate of a decedent, then under administration in that court, was within the exclusive

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
jurisdiction of the State court, and could not be transferred to a court of the United States.
This proposition has been often asserted here and as often denied.
It is not denied that the laws of the States are valid whiph provide for the descent and distribution of property of a decedent, for the proof and registration of wills, for the collection of debts due to the decedent, and the payment of the debts which he owed at the time of his death. Nor is it denied that such courts as Ire usually called probate courts are rightfully vested in a general way with. authority to supervise the collection of these debts and other assets, the _payment of the debts of the decedent, and to. make distribution of the remainder.
But the estate of a decedent is neither a person nor a corporation. It can neither sue nor be sued. It consists-of property, or rights to property, the title of which passes on his death, with right of possession, according to the varying laws of the States, to executors of a will, administrators of estates, heirs or devisees, as the case may be.
These parties represent in -their respective characters the rights which hve devolved on them -in any controversy, legal or equitable, which may become a matteni of judicial contest with other parties having coniflicting interests. In regard to controversies with debtors and creditors, the executor, if there be -awill, or the administrator, if one has been appointed, represents the rights and, the obligationd which had been those of the deceased. The right of the administrator or executor to sue in the ordinary courts of the country to enforce the payment of debts owing the decedent in his lifetime, and unpaid at his death, has always been recognized; and it is believed that no system of administering the estates of decedents has changed this principle.
The courts of the United States have always been open to such actions when the requisite citizenship exists, and for this purpose the citizenship of the administrator or executor controls, and not that of the decedent'
So, also, until recent times, the administrator or executor was

HESS v. REYNOLDS.
Opinion of the Court.
liable to' be sued in the ordinary courts, whether State or national, on obligations contracted by the decedent, and such is probably the law of-most of the States of the Union at this day. To such a suit the administrator could, at common law, have pleaded that there were no assets in his hands unadministered, or he could have denied the cause of adtion set up by plaintiff. How fa a denial of assets would be a good plea now, depends on the atutes of the various States and the various modes of' obtaining equality of distribution among creditors, where there is not enough to pay alL
Such suits, in the absence of any controlling law, can be brought, and have been brought, ia the courts of the United States, where the requisites of jurisdiction between the parties exist.. This jurisdiction of the courts of the United States, in controversies between citizens of different States, cannot be ousted or annulled by statutes of the States, assuming to confer it exclusively on their own courts.
It may be convenient that all debts to be paid out of the assets of a deceased man's estate, shall be established in the court to which the law of the domicil has confided the general administration of these assets. And the courts of the United States will pay respect to this principle, in the execution of the process enforcing their judgments out of these assets, so far as the demands of justice require. But neither the principle of convenience; nor the statutes of a State, can deprive them of jurisdiction to hear and determine a controversy between citizens of different States, when such a coptroversy is distinctly presented, because the judgment may affect the administration or distribution in another forum of the assets of the detedent's estate. The controverted question of debt or.no debt is one which, if the representative of the decedent is a citizen of a State different from that of the other party, the party properly situated has a right, given by the Constitution of the United States, to have tried originally, or by removal in a court of the United States, which cannot be defeated by State statutes enacted for the more convenient settlement of estates of decedents.
These views have been expressed by this court in many cases,

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
where they were proper grounds for the decisions made. The latest of them, in which the others are reviewed with care, is that of Ellis v. Davis, 109 U. S. 485, in which the opinion was delivered by Mr. Justice Matthews. Among the cases there cited with approval is that of Gaines v. Fuentes,92 U. S. 10. That was a suit brought in the Second District Court, for the Parish of Orleans, which, by the laws of Louisiana, was vested with jurisdiction over estates of deceased persons and probate of wills: It was brought to annul the will of Daniel Clark, and to set aside the decree of the court by which it was admitted to probate.
Application for removal of the case into the Circuit Court for the United States, on the ground of prejudice and local influence, under the act of 1867, as in the case now before the court, was refused, though the requisite citizenship of t'h parties was shown. The action of the District Court having been affirmed in the Supreme Courtof that State, the case was brought here on the allegation of error in refusing to grant the order of removal. The same argument was advanced in favor of the exclusive jurisdiktion of the State court as in the brief of the counsel in the present case.- But this court said: "The Constitution imposes no limitation upon the class of c.ases involving controversies 'between citizens of different States, to which the judicial power of the 'United States may be extended; and Congress may, therefore, lawfully provide for bringing, at the option of either of the parties, all such controversies within the jurisdiction of the federal judiciary.
And if by the law obtaining in the State, customary or statutory, they can be maintained in a State court, whatever designation that court may bear, we :think they may be maintained by original process in a Federal court where the parties are, on the one side, citizens of Louisiana, and on the other, citizens of other States." This court reversed the judgment of the Louisiana courts, and held that the application for the removal should hav'e been granted, and ordered the case to be remanded to the .arish ]it'tricf Co.urt, with directions to make the transfer. -The cases of -Paynev. Hook, 7 Wall. 425, and Hyde v. tnne, 20 vo1w7.0, are to the same effect. In

HESS v. REYNOLDS.
Opinion of the Court.
the latter case the court said, with much force and propriety, that it had "repeatedly decided that the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States over controversies between citizens of different States cannot be impaired by the laws of te States which prescribe the modes of redress in iheir courts or which regulate the distribution of their judicial rower."
The case of the Boom Co. v. Patterson,98 U. S. 403, is also in point. That was a special -roceeding to condemn property under laws of the State of Minnesota in the exercise of the right of eminent domain, which, commencing before special commissioners to assess damages, was by appeal brought into a court of general jurisdiction, and from there removed, rightfully as this court held, into the Circuit Court of the United States.
The case before us was one removable into the court of the United States.
The next objection to the removal is, that the application was made too late.
If thg case is only removable under theact of 1875, and if that statute repeals or supersedes all other statutes for the removal of causes from the State courts into the Circuit Courts of the United States, then the motion was made too late, for there was a period of five years in the Circuit Court of Ionia County during all which time the case stood for trial. See Pullman Palace Car Co. v. .pece and others, post, 81.
But though such has often in argument been asserted to be the effect of the act of 1875, the language of the repealing clause of it is not so comprehensive. That language is, "That all acts and parts of acts in conflict with the provisions of this act are hereby repealed." This implies very strongly that there may be acts on the same subject which are not thereby repealed.
The usual formula of a repealing clause intended to be universal is, that all acts on this subject, or all acts coming within its purview, are .repealed, or the acts intended to be repealed are named or specifically referred to. In this case the effect of the statute as a repeal by implication, arising from inconsistency of provisions, or.from the supposed intention of the legis-

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court
lature to substitute one new statute for all prior legislation on that subject, is not left to its usual operations, but, the statute to be repealed must be in conflict with .the act under consideration or that effect does not follow. And this was wise, for Congress well knew that theie were many provisions of the laws for such removals, which might or might not come under the provisions of the act of 1875, and which might be exercised under regulations different from .that statute, and accordingly these were left to stand, so far as they did not conflict with that act.
The provisions of the act of 1867, by which removals are authorized on the ground of prejudice and local influence, are embodied in the Revised Statutes in the third clause of section 639. It declares that in such a case, with the requisite citizenship, when the non-resident party fils the proper affidavit, at any time befbre the trial or final hearing of the suit, it shall be removed. We do not think this provision is embraced in the act of 1875, which says nothing about prejudice or local 'influence, and is not in conflict with that act. We are of opinion that this clause of section 639 remains, and is complete in itself, furnishing its own peculiar cause of removal, and prescribing, for,reasons appropriate to it, the time within which it must be done. One of these reasons is, that the prejudice may not exist at the beginning, or the hostile local influence may not become known or developed at an earlier stage of the proceedings. Congress, therefore, intended 'to provide against this local hostility, whenever it existed, up to the time of the trial.
It is gaid, however, that the trial spoken of had taken place before the commissioneri of Ionia County, to whom the case had been referred. But we do not look at that proceeding as a trial within the meaning of the statute. It was merely a report, subject to be affirmed or rejected by the probate judge, and, by the express terms of the statute, subject to a right -of appeal to a court in which a trial by jury could be had. The latter was the. trial or final hearing of the suit which would conclude the right of removal, and until 8uch trial commenced the right of removal under this provision remained.
It is argued that the cause should have been removed to the

POLLEYS -. BLACK RIVER CO.
Syllabus.
Circuit Court for the-Western District of Michigan instead of the Eastern, because the county of Ionia, in which the suit originated, is in the former.
But the language of the removal statute is, that suits shallbe removed into the Circuit Court of the district where tuch suits are pending. Undoubtedly-this means where they are' pending at the time of removal. This suit was not then pending in the Western District of Michigan, but in the County of Jackson, which is in the Eastern District of that State.
We are of opinion that the case was properly removed from the Circuit Court of Jackson County into the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Michigan, and that that court erred in remanding it.
It judgment i8 therefore revermsed, with inmt"uction-8 to Imoceed in the case accordingto law.
MR. JusTICE GRAY dissented.
POLLEYS v. BLACK RIVER IMPROVEMENT COMPANY.
IN ERROR TO THE CIRuCrr COURT OF WISCONSIN FOR THE COUNTY
OF LACROSSE.
Submitted November 17, 1884.-Decided January 12, 1885.
In error to a Scate court, the writ may be directed to an inferior court if the Supreme Court of the State, without retaining a copy, remits the whole record to that court with direction to enter a final judgment in the case.
The Statute of Limitations for writs of eiror, § 1008 Rev. Stat., begiA to run from the date of the entry and filing of the judgment in the court's proceedings, which constitutes the evidence of the judgment.
This was a motion to dismiss a writ of error, as brought too late. The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
Mr. S. U. Pinney for the motion.
Mr. X P. Tr ing and .r. 1. C. Sloan opposing.
VOL. CXI-6

AVEGNO v. SCHMIDT.

Statement of Facts.
The difference between the two cases is obvious. The judgment of the Circuit Court remanding the case is
affirmed.

The cases of Sully v. Manning, and Sully v. .Mfatthews, sub-

mitted with the foregoing, are governed by the principles an-

nounced in it, and are dccordingly

Affirmed

AVEGIO & Others v.SCHMIDT & Others.
IN ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF LOUISIANA.
Submitted January 12, 1885.-Declded January 26,1885.
A decree cbnfiscating real estate under the confiscation act of July 17, 1862, 12 Stat. 589, has no effect upon the interest of a mortgagee in the confiscated property.
A District Court of the United States in proceedings for confiscating real estate under the act of July 17, 1862, 12 Stat. 589, had no jurisdiction to pass upon the validity of a mortgage upon the estate proceeded against.
The well established rule in Louisiana that where a mortgage contains the pactde non alienando,the mortgagee may enforce his mortgage by proceedings against the mortgagor alone, notwithstanding the alienation of the property, applies to an alienation by condemnation in proceedings for confiscation, and as against the heirs at law of the person whose property is confiscated. Shieds v. Schiff, S6 La. Ann. 645, approved.
The heirs at law of a person whose life interest in real estate was confiscated under the act of July 17, 1862, take, at his death, by descent, and not from the United States, under the act.
This was an action brought in the Civil District Court of the Parish of Orleans, in the State of louisiana, by the plaintiffs in error, heirs of Bernard Avegno, deceased, two of whom, being minors, were represented by his widow, as their tutrix, against the defendants in error, to establish their title to certain real estate in the city of New Orleans, and to recover possession thereof. The case was tried by the court without a jury and judgment was rendered for the defendants. Upon appeal to the Supreme Court of the State, the judgment of the Civil

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Statement of Facts.
District Court was affirmed. To reverse that judgment of af. firmance, the plaintiffs brought this writ of error. The pleadings and evidence disclosed the following facts:
On April 3, 1862, Bernard Avegno, being the owner of the property in dispute, executed a mortgage thereon to Israel C. Harris to secure promissory notes made by Avegno, payable to his own order and indorsed by him, amounting in the aggregate to $36,500, which he delivered to Harris. The mortgage contained thepacet de non alienando, by which the mortgagor agreed not to sell, alienate, or encumber the mortgaged property to the prejudice of the mortgagee. The notes and mortgage were aftei'wards transferred by Harris to Charles Morgan. The mortgage being still in force on January 20, 1865, the United States filed, in the District Court for the District of Louisiana, a libel of information against the mortgaged property, of which Bernard Avegno was still the owner, to condemn it as confiscated, under the act of July 17, 1862, 12 Stat. 589, entitled "An Act to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, and confiscate the property of rebels, and for other purposes," for the offences of its owner, Avegno. A writ of seizure was issued to the marshal, who, in his return, dated February 14, 1865, stated that he had seized and taken into his possession the property libelled.
Morgan, the mortgage creditor, intervened in the suit for confiscation, claiming to be paid out of the proceeds of the property the amount due on his mortgage. The District Court, on August 1, 1865, made a decree condemning the property in question as forfeited to the United States, and ordering it to be sold, and dismissing the intervention of Morgan, on the ground that his mortgage "could not be acknowledged." The decree of condemnation made by the District Court was not followed by a sale of the forfeited premises, nor were any proceedings taken under it.
Afterwards, on June 25, 1867, Morgan filed his bill in the Circuit Court for the District of Louisiana against Avegno, for the enforcement of his mortgage. On July 11 following, the court made a decree, under which, on December 2.1, 1868, the property was sold by the marshal and purchased by Morgan,

AVEGNO v. SCHMIDT.
Argument for Plaintiffs in Error.
to whom, on December 26, the marshal nade a deed therefor. On March 1, 1869, Morgan conveyed the premises to the de-· fendants.
On August 12, 1872, Bernard Avegno died, leaving the plaintiffs, who are his children, as his heirs at law. They claim title to the property sued for under Bernard Avegno as his heirs. The averment of their petition is, "that, by reason of such confiscation and forfeiture, all right, title, interest and ownership of Bernard Avegno (deceased) was absolutely divested; that said real estate was during his lifetime forfeited to the United States,,but that the naked ownership thereof was then vested in your petitioners, who were his legitimate children, living at the time of the rendition of said decree and judgment of condemnation and forfeiture; that, on the 12th day of August, 1872, Bernard Avegno died, whereupon the title and interest of the United States in the said property came to an end, and said life estate was terminated, your petitioner, being therefore entitled to the full ownership thereof."
Mr. Albert Voorie8 for plaintiffs in error.--The record shows a preliminary seizure before filing the libel for confiscation, and a subsequent seizure and actual possession by the marshal. This will be presumed to have continued till subsequent dispossession is shown. The judgment of confiscation vested the life estate in the United States, and the remainder in the presumptive heirs. Semmee v. United Stat, 91 U. S. 21: The title of the presumptive heirs does not spring from the sale, but from the forfeiture. See Wallack v. 'an Rywick, 92 U. S. 202; Pike v. awse, 94 U. S. 711 ; Frnek v. Wad-, 102 U. S. 132. Defendants are so impressed'with the legal difficulties in the way of their title, resulting from want of proper parties in the foreclosure proceeding, that they fall back on the pact de *nonalienando contained in the mortgage act. There are in the Louisiana statutes, no textual provisions defining and regulating the pact de non alienando. Hence, when the Codes were adopted, it was at first objected that the pact itself was inconsistent with the provisions of both Codes-of 1808 and 1825. But the courts held otherwise, placing the matter upon

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Argument for Plaintiffs in Error.
its true basis, to wit; a contractual stipulation, which parties are at liberty to make to the extent that the stipulation does not conflict with, or militate against existing legislation. Ngathan v. Lee, 2 Martin, N. S. 32; Donadso'n v. Mcaurin, 1 La. 29 ; Barow v. Bank of Louisna, 2 La. Ann. 453 ; Snow v. Tr'otter, 3 La. Ann. 268; Stanrough v. .McCall, 4 La. Ann. 324. Individuals have no right to stipulate against forced sales of their property under judicial sanction; nor can they shield their property against legal proceedingg for its condemnation in cases of rebellion ;--nor can they bind government against any expropriation for public purposes. In other words, a debtor may bind himself by contract not to alienate his property; but he cannot tlereby estop or paralyze the action of courts of justice, or of the government. The defendants contend that the remedy of the mortgage creditor is by foreclosure against the confi~catee, or against him and the purchaser at the condemnation sale. Thereis no support fbr this position: Day v. .Afcou, 18 Wall. 156, cited in support of it, dpes not sustain it. Morgan was a party to the suit below, by intervention, and his claim was rejected, on the merits. -The agreement with the District Attorney, subsequently filed, left the judgment of condemnation in full force,-and without appeal. The record shows affirmatively that the court dismissed Morgan's intervention upon rejection of his demand, while it sanctioned the other claimants' demands as mortgage creditors. Defendants further contend that, before the appeal was finally disposed of, Avegno was pardoned, and that restored to him the property in question. There is a plain answer to this. The four lots had already been sold at the suit of MJorgan v. Avegno, and had been purchased by the former for the amount of his mortgage notes; before the proclamation of amnesty. How then can defendants invoke the doctrine of EHnote v. United Statesj 95 U. S.149, 1541?
Xr.Henry C.ffiller for defendants Schmidt and Ziegler.
Mr. Henry J. Leovy for Morgan's estate.

AVEGNO v. SCHMIDT.
Opinion of the Court.
MR. JUSTICE WooDs delivered the opinion of the court. He recited the facts as above stated, and continued :
It is plain, and is not disputed by the plaintiffs, that if there had been no proceeding instituted by the Unite4l States for the condemnation of the property, and no intervention therein by Morgan, he would have acquired a good title to the premises, by his purchase thereof at the sale made under the decree of the Circuit Court rendered upon his bill to enforce his mortgage, and his deed therefor to the defendants would have vested in them a good and indefeasible title.
The plaintiffs 'contend, however, that the title so conveyed is void, for two reasons, first, because the judgment of condemnation divested Avegno of all interest and estate in the forfeited premises, and the Circuit Court was, therefore, without jurisdiction to render a decree for the sale of the property in the suit brought to foreclose the mortgage to which Avegno was the only defendant ; and, second, because the District Court dismissed Morgan's intervention on the ground that his mortgage "could not be acknowledged," and because this was, in effect, the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction in a proceeding to which Morgan was a party, declaring his mortgage to be void, and he and those claiming under him were bound by that judgment. We do not think that either of these grounds is well taken.
The interest of Morgan as a mortgagee was not divested or affected by'the judgment of condemnation rendered by the District Court. -Dayv. .flcou, 18 Wall. 156; Claims of Marcuard,20 Wall. 114. Notwithstanding the judgment of condenonation, therefore, he had a valid subsisting mortgage superior to any estate in the mortgaged property acquired by the judgment of condemnation, or which could be acquired under a sale made by virtue thereof. A decree for the foreclosure of his mortgage and a sale under such a decree would carry to the purchaser the entire estate in the mortgaged premises, provided the necessary parties were made to the proceeding to foreclose. It does not lie with the plaintiffs to object that the United States were not made defendants to Morgan's suit. The estate of the government in the property having been de-

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
termined by the death of Avegno, it is now of no concern to any one, so far as it respects the title to the property, whether the government was represented in the suit of Morgan to enforce his mortgage or not. Without pointing out who were the necessary and proper parties to such a suit, the plaintiffs say that Avegno was neither a necessary nor a proper party, and that as he was the sole defendant the Circuit Court was without jurisdiction to make any decree in the suit brought by Morgan to enforce his mortgage.
One answer of the defendants to this contention of the plaintiffs is, that the proceedings and decree of the District Court, in the suit brought by the United States to enforce the forfeiture of the mortgaged premises, were void because there was no sufficient averment in the libel of a preliminary seizure, by authority of the President, of the premises against which the libel was filed, as required by the act of July 17, 1862, and that consequently the title of Avegno was never divested, and he was not only a necessary, but the only proper party to the suit of Morgan to foreclose his mortgage. We have not found it necessary to pass upon this question. Assuming that the decree of condemnation made by the District Court was valid, its effect was to vest in the United States an estate in the prop. erty condemned, for the life of Avegno,,and it left in Avegno no estate or interest of any description which he could convey by deed or devise by will; but the ownership after his death was in nowise affected, except by placing it beyond his control while living. Wallach v. Yan Riewick, 92 U. S.'202; Pike v. IFassell, 94 U. S. 711, and French v. Wade, 102 U. S. 132. The cases cited also declare that the joint resolution passed contemporaneously With the act of July 17, 1862, 12 Stat. 627, was intended for the benefit of the heirs of the person whose property was condemned, to enable them to take the inheritance after his death. And in the case of Pike v. .Waeel, ubi -supra,a bill filed during his lifetime by the children of- the person whose life estate had been condemned and sold, to protect the property from the.encumbiance arising fr6m the failure of the purchaser of .the life esf.te to "paythe current taxes thereon; was sustained, the -coyt di~laring .that, as there was

AVEGNO v. SCBMIDT.
Opinion of the Court.
no one else to look after the interests of the succession, the children might be properly permitted to do so.
These decisions, alone considered, apparently sustain the contention of the plaintiffs, that a decree in a suit to foreclose the mortgage, to which Avegno was the sole defendant, was without the necessary parties, and was, therefore, void for want of jurisdiction in the court to render it.
The answer of the defendants to this contention of the plaintiffs is, that, as the mortgage executed by Avegno contained the pact de non alienando,he was a proper and the only necessary party to the suit brought by Morgan to foreclose his mortgage.
The effect of the stipulation in a mortgage called the pact de non alenatuo,by which the mortgagor agrees not to alienate or encumber the mortgaged premises to the prejudice of the mortgage, is well settled in.Louisiana. In Nathan v. Lee, 2 Martin, N. S. 32, the effect was decided to be, that "the mortgagee is not bound to pursue a third possessor, but may have the hypothecated property seized in via exeeutina as if no change had taken place in its possessors, because any alienation or transfer made in violation of thepa do non alienando is ip8ojurevoid as it relates to'the creditor, and that this effect of the pact is not annulled by the provisions of the Civil Code in relation to mortgages, and the rules laid down -or pursuing the action of mortgage."
In Stambaugh v. McCall, 4 La. Ann. 324, the court reviewed the-cases on this subject, and held that where a mortgage contained the pact de non alienando, one who subsequently purchases the property from the mortgagor cannot claim to be in any better condition than his vendor, nor can he plead any exception which the latter could not, and that any aJienation in violation of the pact is null as to the creditor.
These cases, and these cited in the note,* establish the rule
* Donaldgon v. Aaurin, 1 La. 29; How v. £Qollier, 14 La. 133; Lawrence v. Burthe. 15 La. 267; Nicolet v. .Moreau,13 La. 313 ; Guenardv. Soulie, 8 La. Ann. 58 Sucremion of Vancourt, 11 La. Ann. 383 ; Smith v. Nettle, 13 La. Ann. ; Murphy v. Jandot, 2 Rob. La. 378; New Orleans a8 Light & Bankimg Co. v. Allen, 4 Rob. La. 389; Dodd v. Crain, 6 Rob. La. 58.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
that where a mortgage contains the pact de non alimando the mortgagee may enforce his mortgage by proceeding against the mortgagor alone, notwithstanding the alienation of the property, and that all those claiming under the mortgagor, whether directly or remotely, will be bound, although not made parties,
In the present case, and in the later case of Shiedd8 v. Schif, 36 La. Ann. 645, the Supreme Court of Louisiana has held that there was such a privity between a person whose life estate had been condemned under the act of July 17, 1862, and his heirs, that the latter were bound by a suit and decree to enforce a mortgage executed by their ancestor containing the .pactde non alienando,to which the ancestor alone had been made a party defendant.
We think this decision is right. It is sustained by the case of Wallah v. Van .Riswi7, ubi siupra, as will appear by the following passages fom the opinion of the court in that case, delivered by Mr. Justice Strong:
"If it be contended that the heirs of Charles S. Wallach," the person whose property had been condemned, "cannot take by descent unless their father, at his death, was seized of an estate of inheritance, e. g., reversion or a remainder, it may be answered, that even at common law it ws not always necessary that the ancestor should be seized to enable the heir to take by descent. Shelley's case is, that where the ancestor might have taken and been seized the heir shall inherit. Fortescue, J., in Thornby v. "leetwood, 1 Str. 318.
"If it were true that at common law the heirs could not take in any case where their ancestor was not seized at his death, the present case must be determined by the statute. Charles S. Wallach was seized of the entire fee of the land before its confiscation, and the act of Congress interposed to take from him that seizin for a limited time. That it was competent to do, attaching the limitation for the benefit of the heirs. It wrought no corruption of blood. In Lord de la Warre's Case, 11 Coke, 1 a, it was resolved by the justices 'that there was a difference betwixt disability personal and temporary, and a disability absolute and perpetual; as where one is attainted of treason or-

AVEGNO v. SCHMIDT.
Opinion of the Court.
felony, that is an absolute and perpetual disability, by corruption of blood, for any of his posterity to claim any inheritance in fee simple, either as heir to him orto any ancestor above him; but when one is disabled by Parliament (without iny attainder) to claim the dignity for his life, it is a personal disability for his life only, and his heir, after his death, may claim as heir to him or to any ancestor above him.' There is a close analogy between that case and the present."
"Without pursuing this discussion further, we repeat, that to hold that any estate or interest remained in Charles S. Wallach after the confiscation and sale of the land in controversy, would defeat the avowed purpose of the confiscation act and the only justification for its enactment; and to hold that the joint resolution was not intended for the benefit of his heirs exclusively, to enable them to take the inheritance after his death, would give preference to the guilty over the innocent. We cannot so hold."
These extracts show that it was the opinion of the court that the children of a person whose estate was condemned under the act of July 17, 1862, took, at his death, by descent as his heirs, the fee simple, and did not derive their title from the United States, or by virtue of the confiscation act.
Avegno, the mortgagor, was, therefore, the only person necessary to be made a party to the suit brought by Morgan to foreclose his mortgage, and the proceedings and sale were valid and binding on the plaintiffs, and vested in Morgan a good title to the premises in dispute, which he conveyed to the defendants.
But the plaintiffs insist that the mortgage had been declared inoperative and void by the.District Court in dismissing the intervention of Morgan in the proceeding to condemn the mortgaged property, and that the defendants are bound by that judgment. There are two answers to this contention. The first is that this defence, if it be a defence, should have been pleaded in Morgan's suit brought to enforce his mortgage. The decree of a court of competent jurisdiction cannot be collaterally attacked by averring and proving that there was a good defence to the suit if the defendant had chosen to make

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Statement of Facts.
it. The second answer is that the District Court was without jurisdiction to pass upon the validity of the mortgage in the suit for the condemnation of the mortgaged property. Bigelow v. Forrest, 9 Wall. 339; Day v. Mieou, 18 Wall. 146; Claims of Marcuard,20 Wall. 114. It does not clearly appear from the record that the District Court intended by its decree dismissing the intervention of Morgan to pass upon the validity of the mortgage; but if its decree is to be interpreted as declaring the mortgage to be invalid and void, the court exceeded its jurisdiction, and the decree was without effect upon the mortgage.
In our opinion, therefore, Morgan acquired a good title to the premises in controversy by his purchase at the sale made to satisfy his mortgage lien, and his deed to the defendants having vested them with his title, the judgment of the Supreme Court of Louisiana in their favor was right.
dgm-ent afrmed.
STONE v. CHISOLM & Others.
IN ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
Submitted January 5, 1885.-Decided February 2, 1885.
A suit in equity is the proper remedy, in the courts of the United States, to enforce the statutory liability of directors to a creditor of a corporation, (organized under the act of the legislature of South Carolina of December 10, 1869), by reason of the debts of the corporation being in excess of the capital stock. An action at 1aw will not'lie.
This was a writ of error prosecuted to reverse a judgment of the Circuit Court for the District of South Carolina, dismissing the complaint, in which the plaintiff asked for a recovery for the sum of $1,050, with interest from July 1, 1883. The jurisdiction of this court depended upon and:was limited by a certificate of division of opinion between the Circuit and District

MORGAN v. TAMTET.
Opinion of the Court.
MORGAN, Administrator, & Others v. HAMLET & Another.
APPEAT FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE
]tASTERN DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS.
Argued January 30, 1885.-DeIded March 2,1885.
The statute oi Arkansas thet "All demands not exhibited to the executor or administrator, as required by this act, before the end of two years from the granting of letters, shall be forever barred"-begins, on the granting of letters of administration, to run against persons under age, out of the State with no guardian appointed within the State, and whose claims are alleged to be founded in frauds which were not discovered until after the expiration of the two years fixed by the act.
The facts which make the case are stated in the opinion of
the court.
Mr. Solicor-Generalfor appellants.
Xr. U. . o8e filed a brief on behalf of appellees.
MR. JusTiCE MATTEws delivered the opinion of the court. This is a bill in equity filed by the appellants September 3, 1879. The complainants are the. administrators de .on5,4 non of Samuel D. Morgan, deceased, and the children and heirs at law and widow of the intestate, citizens of North Carolina. The feiiale defendants are the children and heirs at law of John G. Morgan, deceased, sued with their husbands, and all citizens of Arkansas. The case alleged in the bill is substantially as follows: In 1860 a partnership was formed between Samuel D. Morgan and John G. Morgan, who were brothers, the former advancing the means, the latter being baiikrupt, for stocking and cultivating a cotton plantation in Arkansas, purchased in the name of the firm, but paid for only in part. Samuel D. Morgan continued to reside in North Carolina. John G. -organ lived on the plantation in Arkansas, and personally conducted its operations. This he did during several years, including the year 1865, when the plantation was sold, under judicial proceed-
VOL. cxnr-29

OCTOBER TERM, 1884:
Opinion of the Court.
ings,to pay the unpaid purchase money.. Samuel D. Morgan died in January, 1864. It is alleged that large profits were made by John G. Morgan, and particularly that after the death of his brother he continued in possession of the partnership property, conducted its business, and made profits amounting to $20,000. He rendered no account at any time of the business, and made no settlement of the partnership affairs, but it is charged that he converted the whole of the partnership property and profits to his own use.
John G. Morgan, in, 1865, took out letters of administration on the estate of Samuel D. Morgan, in Ashley county, Arkansas, in which the plantation and partnership property were situated. The administration was closed in 1872..
John G. Morgan died in. 1875, the defendants, his heirs at law, having come into possession of the property in his possession at his decease, more than sufficient to satisfy the claim of the complainants.
Of the complainants, Samuel T. Morgan became of age September 8, 1876, and William W. Morgan in May, 1878. They never had a guardian' and allege their ignorance of the frauds charged to have been practised against them by John G. Morgan until 1879.
The prayer of the bill is for an account, &c. The answer of the defendants,. though admitting the fact of such a partnership as alleged, denies that any profits were made, and denies all the allegations of fraud. It also shows that John G.. Morgan died in April, 1875, leaving him surviving Emma S. Morgan, his widow, and the defendants, Alice R. Hamlet and Emma G. Abell, and Lula Morgan, an infant, his only children; that letters of administration were issued on his estate by the Probate Court of Chicot County, Arkansas, in which he lived at the time of his death, on August 6, 1875, to his widow, who acted as administratrili of his estate until October 13, 1875, when -he resigned, anl the defendant, John C. Hamlet, was appointed by the same court administrator de boni8 non, and qualified and acted as such. And it is relied Qn as a defence that the demands made in the bill were not authenticated and presented-to the administratrix or the administrator de boni8 non

MORGAN v. HAMLET.
Opinion of the Court.
of John G. Morgan, deceased, according to law, within two years of the granting of letters of administration. on his estate.
The cause was heard on the pleadings and proofs, and on final hearing the bill was dismissed. From" this decree the complainants bring the present appeal.
In Arkansas it appears that there is a' special statute of limitations governing claims against estates of deceased per-sons, commonly called the, statute of non-claim. It is as follows:
"All demands not-exhibited to the executor or administrator, as required by this acf, ,.efore the end of two years from the granting of letters, sl.ali be forever barred." Dig. Ark. Stat. 1874, § 98.
It has been decided that the statute runs against all creditors, whether resident oi'non-resident. Erwin v. Turner, 6 Ark. 14.
And that-all.cl&nis fall within the provisions of the statute that are capable of being asserted in a court of law or equity. existing at the death of the deceased, or-coming into existence within two years after the grant of administration, .whether due *ornot, it running to a certain maturity. Wdlker v. Byers, 14 Ark. 246.
And the effect of a failure to present the claim as prescribed in'the statute, is not to let it in against the heirs or devisees, but it is t6 bar iff"orever as against all persons. Bennett v. .Dawson, 18 Ark. 334; Brierly v. Norri, 23 Ark. 771.
And in Public Wor v. Columbia College, 17 Wall. 521, 530, in a like case, it was held by this court that a failure to present the claim isi,n the absence of circumstances constituting an excuse, fatal to the bill for relief in equity.
It is sought, in argument on behalf of the appellants, to distinguish their case, at least the case of the two infant children of Samuel D. Morgan, from any case within the statute of ntnclaim, on the ground that at the death of their father, his title to the real estate, which constituted the plantation, descended t9 them as his heirs at law, and thereafter as to the operations conducted by John Morgan in 1864 and 1865, having no guardian, the latter, was in equity their representative and guardian de 8on tort and trustee, so that upon his death, and until they

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Syllabus.
arrived at age, there was no one competent to make a demand against his administrator, within the terms of the statute.
But wu are unable to appreciate the force of this supposed distinction. The statute in question contains no exception in favor of claimants under disability, of non-age, or otherwise; the claim of the complainants against John G. Morgan was adverse to his administration, although it may have originated in consequence of a relation of trust; and there is no ground, that we are able to understand, on which it can be excepted out of the operation of the statute in question. Their claim was equally against the adwinistrator of John G. Morgan, whether the latter be considered as the defaulting partner of themselves or of their father. Whatever its description, it was a claim against the estate of John G. Morgan, and for which his personal representative was in the first instance liable; and the statute is a bar to every such claim, unless presented within the time prescribed.
On this ground, the decree of the Circuit Court is Afflnmd.
CHASE v. CURTIS & Another.
IN ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR
THE'SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
Argued January30, 1885.-Decided March 2, 1885.
The provision in § 12 of the act of the legislature of N4w York of February 17,1848, as amended June 7,1875, whereby trustees of corporations formed for manufacturing, mining, mechanical, or chemical purposes are made liable for debts of the company on failure to file the reports of capital and of debts required by that section, is penal in its character, and must be construed with strictness as against those sought to be subjected to its liabilities.
In a suit under the provisions of that act, as amended, to recover of the trustees of such corporation the amount of a judgment against the corporation, the judgment roll is not competent evidence to establish a debt due from the corporation to the plaintiff.
A claim in tort against a corporation formed inder that act, as amended, is

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.

Syllabus.

States could proceed by information instead of indictment to try a defendant charged under section 5457 of the Revised Statutes with the violation thereof ; that is to say, whether the offences declared in said section are infamous crimes to be prosecuted solely through indictment pursuant to Article V of the amendments to the Constitution of the United States." 11 Fed. Rep. 58.

IIR. CHIEF JUSTICE WAITE delivered the opinion of the court. The first question certified in this case is answered in the negative, and the second in the affirmative, on the authority of Ex parte Wilson, decided at the present term.

-.

4---

DODGE & Another v. KNOWLES.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Submitted January 9,1865.-Decided April 13, 1865.
Neither the liability for provisions supplied at a dwelling house where a husband and wife and their children are living together, nor a promissory note given by the husband, describing himself as trustee for the wife, in payment for such supplies, can be charged in equity upon the wife's separate estate, without clear proof that she contracted the debt on her own behalf, or intended to bind her separate estate for its payment.
When the decree below is for a sum which gives this court jurisdiction on appeal, and the appellee Makes no appearance here, but expressly declines to do so, after not-ice to him by order of court, it is too late to offer proof that the amount involved does not give jurisdiction.
An appeal bond is essential to the prosecution of a suit in this court, if it is demanded, but not to the taking of the appeal in the court below.
When security on appeal is not furnished until after the term at which the appeal is taken, failure to cite the appellee does not deprive this court of jurisdiction.
Bill in equity. The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
Mr.J. Roldsworth Gordon for appellants.
No appearance for appellee.

DODGE v. KNOWLES.
Opinion of the Court.
MR. JUSTICE GRAY delivered the opinion of the court. This is an appeal by the children and heirs at law of PFrances I. Dodge, a married woman, deceased, from a decree ordering her real estate to be sold for the payment of debts alleged to have been due from her to the appellee, upon a bill filed by him, in behalf of himself and other creditors who might come in, against the husband in his own right and as trustee and executor of the wife, and against her children and various persons interested in the real estate. The following facts were undisputed: By an ante-nuptial settlement, executed on January 22, 1852, Mrs. Dodge (then Frances I. Chapman) conveyed all her real estate to Mr. Dodge, in trust, to hold the same for her sole and separate use and benefit during her life, and so that the same, and the rents aid profits thereof, should not be liable for his debts; "or in any way subject to his control or contracts, except so far as is consistent with the provisions of this contract;" and to permit her, by herself or her attorney appointed by writing under her hand, to collect and receive the rents and profits from time to time accruing, and to dispose of the same as she might see fit, for her own separate use and benefit; and if she should, by writing under her own hand and seal and attested by two witnesses, direct the leasing or the absolute sale of the real estate or any part thereof, then the trmutee should lease or sell and -onvey the same accordingly, and collect the proceeds of any sale, and invest them in his name as her trustee, in such a manner as she might approve and require, "and hold the said investments when made, for the same uses, trusts and purposes, and with the like power and authority, and subject to the like limitations, as are hereinbefore declared of and concerning the original trust subject;" and it was provided that the wife, notwithstanding her coverture, might by will devise and dispose of the estate, or any part thereof, as she might see fit, and the trustee should hold and dispose of the same accordingly; and further provisions were made for the disposition of the estate in case she should make no will. On January 25, 1876, the wife died, leaving three children, and a will, by which, by virtue of the power of appointment

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
reserved to her in the marriage settlement, she devised all her real estate to her husband in trust for the use and benefit of two of her children, and appointed him executor, and made no provision for the payment of debts.
The plaintiff was a retail grocer, and at different times from 1870 to 1875 delivered groceries at the dwelling house where 'the husband and wife and their children resided together, and received fron the husband, in payment therefor, or in renewal of other similav. notes, promissory notes signed by him in this form, "F. Dodge, trustee for Fannie I. Dodge," payable to the plaintiff or order. At the time of the wife's death, the plaintiff held four .such notes, payable At various periods not more than four months after date, for sums amounting in all to $2,171.61, and interest, and had delivered groceries to the amount of $120.10, for which no note had been given.
The personal property left by Mrs. Dodge was exhausted by a distribution made by her executor among her creditors, under a decree of the Probate Court, by which the plaintiff received a dividend of $117 upon his claim.
It was further alleged in the bill, and denied in the answer of the children, that at the time of the giving of the four notes, and for several years before, Ars. Dodge was indebted to the plaintiff in a large sum of money for groceries furnished to her, on the credit of her sole and separate estate, for the maintenance of herself and her children and her husband, he being insolvent and entirely without property; and that she caused him for her to make and deliver the notes to the plaintiff; "all which said indebtedness said Frances I. Dodge declared was chargeable to her sole and separate estate, upon the faith of which it was incurred, it having been represented to the plaintiff that her intention to fully secure the same by a proper conveyance in trust had been from time to time before her death prevented by her physical condition;" and that at the time of her death there was also due to plaintiff the sum of $120.10 on open account for groceries furnished as aforesaid.
The material parts of the testimony introduced by the plain. tiff were as follows:
The plaintiff testified: "The groceries were furnished to Mrs.

DODGE v. IKNOWLES.
Opinion of the Court.
Fannie I. Dodge. They were furnished to the credit of Mrs.
Dodge. The four notes were received in part renewal of othei notes and a running grocery account. Mrs. Dodge is also indebted to me in the sum of $120.10 for groceries furnished upon her faith and credit. These groceries were delivered at hei dwelling house. They were ordered by Mr. Dodge and the servants from. time to time. Occasionally Mrs. Dodge was in the store and ordered some. These articles were furnished upon the credit of Mrs. Dodge, because I expected Mrs. Dodge to pay me for them. I did not expect Mr. Dodge to pay for them, because Mrs. Dodge was looked upon -as beingworth means, and Mr. Dodge not. Mr. Dodge never offered to pay me this account, or any portion of it, or to give his own note for any portion of it. He has handed me money which has been placed to the credit of the account. He has repeatedly told me that Mrs. Dodge had plenty of property to pay her debts, and would. le promised me security from Mrs. Dodge upon her real estate for this indebtedness. I did not get it, owing to Mrs. Dodge's death. I did not get a promise from anybody else that I should have real estate security. Ms., Dodge never personally promised to give me real estate security. I did not see her during the latter part of the transaction." The plaintiff put in evidence a letter written to him on January 10, 1876, by Mr. Dodge, saying: "My wife is dangerously ill, and has been ever since I saw you. Of course I can do nothing yet as to the security promised you. As long as Mrs. Dodge lives, it requires her signature; if she dies, I am still trustee for her heirs, and can then execute a deed to you as such trustee." ' The husband testified that he was a clerk in an insurance office, and further testified: "The notes were signed ' F. Dodge, trustee for Fannie I. Dodge,' because I had no property. I had no property to give a note upon; I was bankrupt. They werc to be chargeable to her. They would -nothave been signed by me as trustee, unless it was for her and upon her responsibility. I never accompanied the delivery of those notes with the declaration that they were intended to bind her real estatenot that I can remember. These notes were given with lhe knowledge of my wife, under her general authority. The
VOL. cx=v-28

43 :

OCTOBER TERM3, 1884.

Opinion of the Court.

amounts do not represent any indebtedness contracted by me. The articles furnished by Mr. Knowles were to eat. The family consumed them. My wife's family. H-er children and servants comprised that family. These articles were purchased by her and on her ,credit. She made the exclusive arrangements for their purchase through me, as trustee. I was an inmate of the family during this time; my salary furnished the marketing, and I gave everything I had to the family. I could not support the whole family. She furnished medicines, wood and coal. I told Mr. Knowles verbally that Mrs. Dodge was ill with paralysis; that she could not be spoken to on business; that when she got well I would get her to give him real estate security if I
could. I afterwards wrote him the letter of January 10, 1870. The promise given by me was in connection with the notes held by Mr. Knowles. By signing a note I could not make it binding on real cstatd. These notes were not intended by me to be binding upon her real estate any more than suit at law would make them so. I only meant that she had real estate enough to secure any debt she was making."
At the hearing upon bill, answers, a general replication and evidence, the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia at special tern entered a decree dismissing the bill. Upon appeal to the general terln that decree was reversed, and it was ad-
judged that the plaintiff's claim, as stated in the bill, be a lien upon the real estate included in the nmari'iage settlement. 1 2lackey, 66. The children appealed to this court.
This being an al)p:l in equity, the facts as well as the law are to be determined by this court. The opinion of the court l)eloit and the byief of the appellant deal principally with questions of the manuer in which the wife could charge her separate estate, and of the effect of her exercise of the power of appointment as making that estate assets for the payment of her debts. But it is unnecessary to consider either of those questions, because we do not find in the record any satisfactory evidence that the debts sough(t to be enforced were the wife's debts, or that she intended to charge them upon her separate estate.
The plaintiff's claims are for groceries supplied to a housc

DODGE v. KNOWLES.
Opinion of the Court.
hold in which the husband and wife and their children were. living together; and upon promissory notes given by the husband, describing himself as trustee for the wife, in payment for groceries so supplied. The obligation to pay for the supplies of the family is ordinarily a debt of the husband, Promissory notes given by the husband, though describing himself as trustee for the wife, bind him personally, and do not bind her estate, .unlesshe is clearly proved to have had authority to give them in her behalf. The terms of the marriage settlement did not authorize the husband to contract any debts on the wife's account. The evidence introduced by the plaintiff consisted of the testimony of himself and of the husband. The plaintiff's testimony was rather to his own motives and reasons for charging the goods to the wife, than to any contrast by her; and the husband's testimony was more to legal conclusions than to specific facts.
While the plaintiff testified in.general terms that .the goods were furnished to the wife, and upon her faith and credit, and gave, as his reason for furnishing them upon her cr&Iit, that he expected her to pay for them, and did not expect the husband to do so, because she was looked upon as. worth means, and he was not; and stated that the husband promised him security from the wife upon her real estate; yet the only specific facts to which he testified, bearing upon the. question who was his debtor, were that the groceries were delivered at the dwelling house; that they were ordered by the husband and the servants, and occasionally by the wife; and that the husband had handed him money which had been placed to the credit of the account. He did not testify to any express contract by the wife, and he admitted that slie never promised to give him security on her real estate.
The testimony of the husband was hardly more direct. -He testified indeed that the goods were purchased by the wife and on her credit, and that she made the exclusive arrangements for their purchase through him as trustee; that the notes wet'e to be chargeable to her, and would not have been- signed by him as trustee, unless it was for her and upon her responsibility; and that they "were given with her knowledge, under he

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.

Opinion of the Court on motion to set aside judgment.

general authority." But he did not define or indicate the nature or extent of the general authority to which he referred; he did not testify that she ever promised to pay for the goods, or expressly authorized him to promise that she would pay for them; and he did testify that he never, so far as be could remember, accompanied the delivery of the notes with a declaration that they were intended to bind her real estate.
Such testimony is wholly insufficient to warrant a court of equity in decreeing that debts, which are primafaciethe debts of the husband, should be considered as debts of the wife, and made a lien upon her separate estate.
Decree reversed,and case remanded with directionsto dismiss the bill.

After entry of judgment, 21r. Charles X3. _fatthews for appellee, appeared only for the. purpose of the motion, and on the 24th of April, 1885, moved to set aside the judgment and decree and to dismiss the appeal for the following reasons:
"1st. Because no citation hath been issued or served, the securityherein having been taken and accepted at a term of the said Supreme Court of the District of Colmbia subsequent to that during which said appeal was prayed, said Thomas Knowles not having entered a general appearance herein.
"2d. Because the matter in dispute did, not exceed the sum of twenty-five hundred (82,500) dollars."

M.. CHI F JUSTICE WAirrE delivered the opinion of the court on this motion, May 4, 1885.
The facts on which this motion rests are these: The final decree in the cause was rendered February 23, 1881. At the foot of the decree, and as part of' the original entry, is the following:

"From this decree the defendants pray an appeal to the

Supreme Court of the United States, which appeal is hereby

allowed.

"By order of the court:

D, K. CATTRE,

', O'f.Just."

DODGE v. KNOWtES.
Opinion of the Court on motion to set aside judgment.
Security upon the appeal was not taken until November 5, 1881, which was after the term when the decree was rendered. No citation was served on the appellee, but the appeal was duly dpcketed in this court November 11, 1881. The cause was called in: its.regular order for the first time ,anuary 9, 1885, and on that day submitted on printed brief by.the counsel for the appellants, no one appearing for the appellee. On the 17th of January, the court, of its, own motion, ordered "that this cause be re-argued, either orally or on print~d briefs, to be filed on or before the first Monday in March next." The purpose of this order was to allow the appellee an opportunity to be heard. A copy was served on him personally on or about January 21, and he wrote. the clerk, under date of February 28, as followg:
"Having been advised by counsel that no appeal has ever been perfected to the Supreme Court of the U. S. in the case of which you write, I would inform you that I rdspectfully decline to authorize an appearance to be entered in that court for me in that cause for any purpose whatever."
On March 2, the appellants again submitted the cause on a printed brief, no one appearing for the appellee. The case was taken under advisement and held until April 13, when-the decree of the court below was reversed, and an entry made to that effect, On the 20th of April, the appellee came, and entering an appearance only for the purposes of his motion, moved to set aside and annul the judgment of reversal, and to dismiss the appeal, 1, because no citation had been issued or served, and, 2, because the value of the matter in dispute did not exceed $2,500.
As to the last ground of the motion, it is sufficient to say that the decree appealed from was for more than $2,500, and it charged the property of the appellants with the full amount. Upon the face of the record, therefore, our jurisdiction is c~mplete. Such being the case, we are not willing to consider extrinsic evidence at this late day for the purpose of ascertaining whether the actual value of the property from which the collection must be made is sufficient to pay the whole debt or not.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court on motion to set aside judgment.
The allowance of the appeal by the court while in session and acting judicially, at the term in which the decree was rendered, constituted a valid appeal, of which the appellee was bound in law to take notice. The docketing of the cause in time perfected the jurisdiction of this court. The giving of the bond was not essential to the taking, though it was to the due prosecution of, the appeal. It was furnished and accepted in this case before the cause was docketed here. iHad this not been done we would have given the appellants leave to supply the omission before dismissing the appeal. All this was decided, on full consideration, in Peugh v. Davis, 110
U. S. 227. It has also been decided that if an appeal was allowed in
open court *during the term in which the decree was rendered a citation was required, as matter of procedure, if the security was not furnished until after the term; but in Railroad Co. v. Blair,100 U. S. 662, it was said: "Still, an appeal, otherwise regular, would not probably be dismissed absolutely for want of a citation, if it appeared, by clear and unmistakable evidence, outside of the record, that the allowance was made in open court at the proper term, and that the appellee had actual notice of what had been done."
The citation is intended as notice to the appellee that an appeal has been taken and will be duly prosecuted. No special form is prescribed. The purpose is notice, so that the appellee may appear and be' heard. The judicial allowance of an appeal in open court at the term in which the decree has been rendered is sufficient notice of the taking of an appeal. Security is only for the due prosecution of the appeal. The citation, if security is taken out of court, or after the term, is only necessary to show that the appeal which was allowed in term has not been abandoned by the failure to furnish the security before the adjournment. It is not jurisdictional. Its only purpose is notice. If by accident it has been omitted, a motion to dismiss an appeal allowed in open court, and at the proper term, will never be granted until an opportunity to give the requisite notice has been furnished, and this, whether the motion was made after the expiration of two years from the rendition of

DOBSON v. HARTFORD CARPET COMPANY. 439
Syllabus.
the decree or before. Here, before the cause came on for final hearing notice was given the appellee, by order of the' court, that the appeal taken in open court was being prosecuted, and that a reargument at an appointed time was desired. In response to this notice, the appellee declined to apppar, not because he had not been served with a citation, but because no appeal had been perfected. Had be complained of a want of citation, the omission might have been supplied if, on consideration, it should have been deemed necessary. But the "ovrder which was ser~ved on him to appear and argue the cause, if lie saw fit, was of itself the legal equivalent of a citation for all the purposes of this appeal.
Tle 9notion ae de6nied.
DOBSON & Another v. HARTFORD CARPET
COMPANY.
SAME v. BIGELOW CARPET COMPANY.
SAME v. SAME.
APPEALS FR03E THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Argued April 2, 1885.-Decided April 20, 1885.
In a suit in equity, for the infringement of a patent for a design for carpets, where no profits were found to have been made by the defendant., the Circuit Court allowed to the plaintiff, as damages, in respect to the yards of infringing carpets made and sold by the defendant, the sum per yard which was the profit of the plaintiff in making and selling carpets with the patented design, there being no evidence as to the value imparted to the carpet by the design : .Teld, that such award of damages was improper, and that only nominal damages should have been allowed.
Where a bill founded on a design patent with a claim for a pattern and separate claims for each of its parts, is taken as confessed, it allegng infringement of the "invention," the patent will be held valid for the purposes of the suit.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Syllabus.
dence offered by either party, and thereupon the court found the issues for the plaintiff." A judgment was 'entered for plaintiff, and a motion in writing for new trial was overruled, to which defendant excepted.
1. There is no special finding of facts; and the general finding of the issues for the plaintiff is not open to review by this court. Xartinton v. Fairbanks,112 U. S. 670.
2. The questions discussed by counsel for the defendant as to the legal authority of the town to issue the bonds referred to fairly arise upon the fAnst count of the declaration. But their determination cannot affect the judgment, for the common counts are sufficient under the statutes of fllinois to support the judgment, without reference to any question of the legal authority to issue the bonds described in the first count. Rev. Stat. Ill. 1870, ch. 110, § 58; Bond v. .Dustin, 112 U. S. 604.
Judgment ffirmd.
-MoARTHUR & Others v. SCOTT & Others.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF OHIO.
Argued January 28, 29, 184.-Reargued April 7, 8, 9, 1884.-Decided March 2, 1885.
Words in a will, directing land to be conveyed to or divided among remaindermen at the expiration of a particular estate, are to be presumed, unless clearly controlled by other provisions, to relate to the beginning of enjoyment by remaindermen, and not to the vesting of the title in them.
A testator devised lands and personal property to his executors and their successors, and their heirs, in trust ; and directed that the income, until his youngest grandchild, who might live to be twenty-one years of age, should aTive at that age, should be divided equally among the testator's children, or the issue of any child dying, and among the grandchildren also as they successively came of age ; that "after the decease of all my children, and when and as soon as the youngest grandchild shall arrive at the age of twenty-one years," the lands should be "inherited and equally divided between my grandchildren per capita," in fee, and that "in like manner" the personal property should "at the same time be equally divided among my said grandchildren, share and sare alike per capita;" and that if any grandchild should have died before the final division, leaving children, they

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Syllabus.
should take and receive per stirpme the share which their parent would have been entitled to have and receive if then living ; and provided that any assignment, mortgage or pledge by any grandchild of his share should be void, and the executors, in the final division and distribution, should coneey and pay to the persons entitled under the will. Held, That the executors took the legal title in fee, to hold until the final division ; and that the trusts were imposed upon them as executors. Reid, also, That all the ,grandchildren took equitable vested remainders, opening to let in those born after the testator's death, and subject to be divested only as to any grandchild who died before the expiration of the particular estate, leaving issue, by an executory devise over to such issue. Under the statute of Ohio of December 17, 1811, providing that no estate in lands "shall be given or granted by deed or will to any person or persons, but such as are in being, or to the immediate issue or descendants of, such as are in being, at the time of making such deed or will," a devise of a vested remainder to grandchildren of the testator, with an executory devise over of the share of any grandchild, who shall have died, leaving children, before the coming of age of the youngest grandchild, to the children of such deceased grandchild, is valid, so far, at least, as concerns the grandchil dren, though born after the testator's death. All persons interested in a suit in equity, and whose rights will be directly affected by the decree, must be made parties to the suit. unless they are too numerous, or some of them are out of the jurisdiction, or not in being; and in every case there must be such parties before the court as to insure a fair trial of the issue in behalf of all. A trustee having large powers over the trust estate, and important duties to perform with respect to it, is a necessary party to a suit by a stranger to defeat the trust. A court of probate has inherent power, without specific statute authority, to grant administration limited to the defence of a particular suit. A citizen of Ohio devised lands in that State to his three executors in fee. in trust, to pay the income to his children and grandchildren until the youngest grandchild who should live to be twenty-one years of age should arrive at that age and then to convey the remainder to his grandchildren in equal shares; and provided that if any executor should die, resign. or refuse to act, a new executor, to act with the others, should be appointed by the court of probate. The will was admitted to probate, upon the testimony of the attesting witnesses, under the statute of Ohio of February 18, 1831, and three executors were appointed and acted as such. Two of them afterwards resigned and their resignations were accepted by the court of probate. A bill in equity to set aside the will and annul the probate was then filed, under that statute, by one of the children against the other children and all the grandchildren then in being, alleging that they were the only persons specified or interested in the will, and were the only heirs and personal representatives of the deceased ; those grandchildren being infants, one of the children was appointed guardian ad litem of each; the third executor, who was one of the children made defendants in their own right,

OCTOBER TE.RM, 1884.
Statement of Facts.
and who was not made a party as executor or trustee, and did not answer as such, resigned, and the resignation was accepted by the court of probate, pending that suit, and no other executor, trustee, or administrator with the will annexed was made a party; it was found by a jury that the instrument admitted to probate was mot the testator's will, and a decree was entered setting aside the will and annulling the probate. Partition was afterwaras decreed among the heirs, and they conveyed portions of the lands set off to them to purchasers for value and without actual notice of any adverse title. Held, That the decree annulling the probate was absolutely void as against grandchildren afterwards born, and that they were entitled to recover their shares under the will against the heirs and purchasers, and might, if the parties were citizens of different States, bring their suit in the Circuit Court of the United States. Holt v. Lamb, 17 Ohio St. 874, followed.
This is a bill in equity by the children of Allen C. McArthur, a son of General Duncan McArthur, to enforce a trust and establish a title in fee in lands in Ohio under the will of their grandfather.
The case was heard in the Circuit Court on the bill and answers, by which it appeared to be as follows:
Duncan McArthur, of the County of Ross and State of Ohio, died on May 12, 1839, leaving an instrument in writing, dated October 30, 1833, purporting. to be dulyexecuted and attested as his last will, by which he empowered and directed his executors to sell and convey all his lands not described, devised his home farm to his wife for life, and other lands not now in ,question to Samnson Mason, and Samuel F. Vinton, in trust for the benefit of his five surviving children and their heirs, made various bequests, and further provided as follows:
[15.] "Item. It is my will and direction that my lands and lots not otherwise herein disposed of, lying and being in the counties of Ross and Pickaway, shall not be sold; but thE lands and lots, together with the lands herein devised to my said wife, after her death, shall be by my executors leased or rented out to the best advantage, for improvements to be made thereon, or for money rents, until the youngest or last grandchild which I now'have, or may hereafter have, the lawfully begotten child of either of my said sons Allen C. or James McD., or of my daughters Effie, Eliza Ann, or Mary, who may live to be twenty-one years of age, shall arrive at that age.

McARTH.UR v. SCOTT
Statement of Facts.
[16.] "Item. And it is my further will and direction that; after the several sums of money hereinbefore devised shall have been in all cases first paid and deducted therefrom, as the same shall from time to time become due and payable, the overplus or residue of the rents and profits of the lands so to be rented or let, and of the lots not otherwise disposed of in the counties of Ross and Pickaway, and of the dividends arising from the stock owned by me at the time of my death, and of such stocks as shall be purchased by my said executrix and executors, shall be annually divided equally among my children and grandchildren who may be the age of twenty-one years when such divisions shall be-made; which division shall be made until the power of my executors to lease said lands shall terminate, viz., until the aforesaid youngest grandchild above designated and described shall arrive at the age of twenty-one years. And said annual division of rents and profits and dividends of stock aforesaid shall lte made among and between said Allen C., names McD., Effie, Eliza Ann and Mary, and their children, share and share alike, per capita, the said children to come in for a share in the .annual division when they shall respectively attain the age of twenty-one years, and not before; and in case of the death of either of my said last-named sons or daughters, leaving a lawful child or children under age, the child or children of such deceased parent shall take per 8tirve8, for their education and ihaintenance, the' dividends in such division which such deceased parent would, if living, have been entitled to receive. And when such child or children of such deceased parent shall respectively come of the age of twenty-one years, he, she or they shall no longer take _per 8tirpee, but shall then and from thenceforth take in said annual division his, her or their shareper capita; but the coming of one of such children of any such deceased parent to the age of tventy-one years shall not bar or preclude those children of such parent who may be still in their minority from continuing to take the fill share, per 8tirpe8, of such deceased parent. And in said annual division the children of my daughter Margaret Campbell Kercheval, deceased, or the legal issue of such said children as may

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Statement of Facts.
be deceased, shall annually for the period of ten years after my death take and receive, per stirpes, one share as the representatives of their deceased mother, to be equally divided among them; and at the expiration of ten years after my death the said children of my said daughter Margaret Campbell shall not thenceforth take or be entitled to any part of said division; but the said division shall thenceforth be made among my said children, Allen C., James M]eD., Effie, Eliza Ann, Mary, and their children, exclusively, in the manner hereinbefore directed, intending hereby to exclude altogether from said division the children .of my deceased daughter Helen Mar.
[17.] "Item. It is my further will and direction that after the decease of all my children now living, and when and as soon as the youngest or last grandchild, in the next preceding clause but one of this will designated and described, shall arrive at the age of twenty-one years, all my lands and lots not otherwise disposed of in said counties of Ross and Pickaway, and all my other lands, if any shall remain unsold at that time, shall be inherited and equally divided between my grandchildren per capita, the lawful issue of mysaid sons and daughters, Allen C., James McD., Effie, Eliza Ann, and Mary, for them and their heirs forever, to have and to hold, or tc sell and dispose of the same at their will and pleasure; and in like manner all the stoclts belonging to my said estate, whether invested before or after my death, shall at the same time be equally divided among my said grandchildren, share and share alike, er capita; but it is to be understood to be my will and direction that if any grandchild aforesaid shall have died before said final division is made, leaving a child or children lawfully begotten, such child or children .shall take and receive per stirpes (to be equally divided between them) the share of my said estate, both real and personal, which the parent of such deceased child or children would have been entitled to have and receive if living at the time of such final distribution. In making this last and final division and distribution of my lands and stocks, I have excluded the children of my deceased daughters Helen Mar, late wife of Alexander Bourne, and Margaret Campbell, late

McA'RTHUR v. SCOTT.
Statement of Facts.
wife of Robert Kerche-val, deceased, their parents having in my opinion received their-full.share and portion of my estate.
[18.] "Item. And it is further my will that my said children or grandchilfren, or any of them, by their own act or in conjunction with the husband of any of them, shall not have power or authority to assign, transfer, pledge, mortgage or encumber in any way his or her or their share of the annual dividends or profits of my said estate herein above devised; but every such assignment, transfer, pledge, mortgage or encumbrance, by any instrument or device whatsoever, shall be wholly null and void, and the proper receipt of such child or -grandchild, or his, her or their Jawful authorized guardian, shall alone be a discharge to my said executors; and in like manner every conveyance, assignment, transfer, pledge, mortgage or encumbrance, by any instrument or device whatsoever, made by any one of my said grandchildren or their legal representatives, by any act or deed of him or her or them, or in conjunction with the husband of any of them, whereby his, her or their shar'e of said lands and stocks in the final distribution thereof shall be in any way affected or disposed of, shall be wholly null-and void. And in such final distribution of my lands, it is my direction that deeds of 'artition thereof shall be made to and in the names of those who may be thus entitled thereto, and in the name and for the use of no other person whatsoever, which deeds of partition shall be executed by my executors fdr the time being; and to enable my executors the more effectually to execute the powers and duties by this will devolved upon them, and to protect my said children and grandchildren against fraud and imposition, I hereby devise to my said executrix and executors, and the successors of them, all of said lands so directed to be leased and finally divided as above, and to their heirs, in trust for the uses and purposes "andobjects expressed in this my will, and the performance of which is herein above directed and prescribed, to have and to hold the title thereof till such final division or partition thereof, and no longer. And it is my further direction that in the final division of the stocks aforesaid the executors inwhose name the same may then be vested in trust shall assign and transfer to such grandchild, or

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
.Statement of Facts.
his or her legal representatives, the share or portion of such stock belonging and coming to such grandchild or his or her legal representatives, so that the same shall be vested in the name of such grandchild or legal representatives; and the proper receipts of such grandchild or'legal representatives, or of his or her or their duly authorized guardian, shall alone discharge the executor or-4xecutors -in-whom the -stocksaforesaid shall or may
then be vested." [23.] "Item. It is my direction that my executors shall give
bond and security for faithful administration, as in other cases."
[24.] "1Item. And finally, for the purpose of carrying all and singular the provisio's of 'this my last will and testament into effect, I do hereby nominate and appoint my wife, Nancy McArthur, executrix, aond my friends, Presley Morris and Win. iam Key Bond, Esquires, of. Ross County, my executors; and in case any one or more of the above named executors shall die, resign, or refuse to act and qualify according to law, it is my will and request that the Court of Cominon Pleas for said County of Ross for the time being, or such other court as may hereafter be constituted and authorized to do testamentary business, shall nominate and appoint a suitable person or persons, who -willqual ify and aot, to supply the place or places of the person or persons by me herein named and appointed as my executors, and who may not qualify and act as such, or who may, after accepting and qualifying, die, refuse or neglect to act; 4nd such persoNQor persons so to be nominated and appointed by said court shall not be administrators de boni nm with the will annexed, but,the nomination by the court shall be in execution of this will, as though the same individual had been nominated by this my will to fill a vacancy, or as though a power of nomination had been veked in some person or individual herein named; and such person so'nominated shall act and be executor with my other executors for the time being, it being my intention that the duties herein required shall always be performed ty at least three executors, that being the number by me herein named and appointed."
A transcript of a record of the Court of Common Pleas of

McARTHUR . SCOTT.
Statement of Facts.
the county of Ross and State of Ohio (referred to in the bill, and annexed to it) showed the following proceedings:
On May 6, 1839, the alleged will of Duncan McArthur was produced to the court, and pr9ved by the oaths of the attesting witnesses, and ordered-to be recorded. On the next day, the court granted letters testamentary to Morris and Bond, the surviving executors named in the will, and to Effie McArthur Coons, an additional executrix then appointed by the court, pursuant to the will, in the place of the testator's wife, who died before him; and the three executors so appointed were qualified and gave bond with sureties as required by law. On June 21, 1839, Bond tendered his resignation of the office of executor, and it was ac6pted by an order which recited that the court was of opinion that good cause had been shown for such resignation. On June 25; 1839, Morris likewise resigned, and his resignation was accepted by a simiar order. On October 22, 1839, "Effie McA. C6ons having this day tendered her resignation to the court of her office of one of the executors of the last will of the late Duncan McArthur, deceased, late of Ross County, it is ordered by the court that the said resignation be, and the same is hereby, accepted, and the said resignation ordered to be recorded." On December 4, 1839, letters of administration on the estate of Duncan McArthur were granted to William McDonald, and he was qualified and gave bond accordingly.
A transcript of a record of the same court, sitting in chancery (set'forth and referred to in the answers), showed the following proceedings:
On July 8, 1839, Alleii C. McArthur, the eldest son of the testator, filed a bill before the judges of the court, sitting in chancery, setting forth the death of Duncan MxcArthur, the probate of the instrument aforesaid as his will by the oaths of the witnesses, the appointment in that instrument of his wife and Morris and Bond to be executorsi the death of the wife before the testator, and the nomination and appointment by the court of Mrs. Coons to act as executrix in her place; and alleging that Morris, Bond and Mrs. Coons took upon themselves the executorship of the will; that Bond and Morris, at

,348 '

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.

Statement of Facts.

the then present term of the court, had severally resigned, and their resignations had been accepted; and "that by the provisions of the said instrument in writing all acts to be done by the executors require the concurrence of three executors, and tnat no suitable persons can be found whom the court are willing to appoint executors of the said will, and who are able to give the bonds required by the said instrument or the law of
the land." That bill "further insists and states that the said instrument
is void and of none effect, because it is wholly impracticable
and cannot be carried into effect; because many of its provisions are impracticable and cannot be carried into effect; because it tends to establish perpetuities, and does establish such peipetuities, which are contrary to the genius of our institutions and- the spirit of our people and their laws, and indeed contrary to -the common law;" and "that the said instrument in writing is void, because its provisions or many of them
are in violation of and contrary to the common and statute law;" and also alleged that Duncan McArthur, at the time of
executing it, was of insane memory and not possessed of a testamentary capacity; and that it was never legally executed
as, and was not, his last will and testament. That bill further alleged that "the only persons who have
an interest in the said instrument in writing" were the complainant,; Duncan McArthur's other four children,.James McD. MoArthur, Effie McA. Coons, Eliza Ann Anderson and Mary Trimble, and the husbands of Mrs. Anderson and Mrs. Trimble; three minor children of James McD. McArthur, a minor son of Mrs. Coons, and a minor son of Mrs. Anderson; a minor son and an adult daughter (with her husband) of Margaret C. Kercheval, a deceased daughter of Duncan McArthur; Alexander Bourne, husband of Helen M. Bourne, another deceased daughter of Duncan McArthur; one adult and two minor sons of Mrs. Bourne; and Samson Mason and Samuel F. Vinton, as devisees in trust of lands not now in question.
That bill further alleged "that the aforesaid persons are the only heirs and personal representatives of the said Duncan McArthur, and that they are also the only persons specified in

McARTHUR v. SCOTT
Statement of Facts.
the said instrument in writing, claimed as the will of said Duncan McArthur;" and made them defendants; and prayed that an issue might be directed to be made up whether that instrument was the last will of Duncan McArthur or not, and that it might be set aside as void, and for further relief.
On July 10, 1839, the complainant in that cause had leave to ameid his bill, and the cause was continued. On October 7, 1839, he filed a supplemental bill, alleging that a daughter had been born to Mrs. Trimble, and was a granddaughter of Duncan McArthur, and as such entitled to a provision under and an interest in the supposed will, and praying that she might be made a defendant.
Among the defendants named in the bill and supplemental bill in that cause were all the children and grandchildren of Duncan McArthur who were in existence at any time during the pendency of that suit; and due service of process was made on alf of them. Mason and Vinton, trustees, were served with process, and severally filed answers, declining to accept the trust conferred upon them by the will, and disclaiming all interest in the lands devised to them.
On October 22, 1839, the following proceedings were had in that cause: The court appointed James McD. McArthur guardian ad litem of his three minor children; Mrs. Coons guardian ad litem of her minor son; Mrs. Trimble's husband guardian ad litern of their minor daughter; Mrs. Anderson's husband guardian ad litem of their minor son, and of Mrs. Bourne's two minor sons; and Mrs. Kercheval's son-in-law guardian ad litem of her minor son; and an acceptance of each appointment was filed.
On the same day, answers to that bill were filed in behalf of all the defendants. The answers of the four children of the testator, James McD. McArthur, Mrs. Coons, Mrs. Anderson and Mrs. Trimble, and the husbands of the last two, as well as the answers of Mrs. Kercheval's daughter and son-in-law, and of Alexander Bourne and his adult son, severally stated that they admitted and confessed all the allegations of the bill. The answer of Mrs. Coons further stated that "since the filing of the same she has, to wit, at the present term of October, re-

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Statement of Facts.
signed the office and charge of executrix of the said supposed last will and testament of her deceased father, the late General Duncan McArthur, from a conviction of her. inability to discharge the duties incumbent on her as such executrix, and the. impossibility of procuring suitable associates agreeably to the provisions of the said instrument in writing." The several answers of the infant defendants by their guardians ad e stated that they would neither admit nor deny the allegations of the bill, but left the complainant to prove them.
On the same day, the court ordered "that an issue at law be made up between the parties to try the-validity of said will and to ascertain by the verdict of a jury whether said writing is the valid last will and testament of the said Duncan McArthur or not ;" and that in making up that issue the defendants file a declaration affirming it to be his will, and the complainant plead thereto that it is not his will.
On October 27 the defendants filed a declaration and the complainant a plea accordingly. On October 28 a jury was empanelled and sworn and returned a verdict that the instrument "is not the valid last will, and testament of the said Duncam McArthur, deceased;" and on the same day the court entered this decree:
"The jury to whom was committed for trial the issue made in pursuance of the order of the court, between the respondents and the complainant, whether the instrument filed and ex*hibited in this cause and purporting to be the last will and testament of the late Duncan McArthur, of Ross County, deceased, was or was not the valid last will and testament of the said Duncan McArthur, deceased, having returned their verdict that the said instrument in writing is not the valid last will and testament of the said Duncan McArthur, deceased; and the cpurt, having heard the arguments of counsel and being fully advised in the. premises, are of opinion that the law and equity of the case are with the complainant, and do order, adjudge and decree that the said instrument in writing, fied and exhibited by the compliinant, purporting to be-the last will and testament of the said Duncan McArthur, deceased, and admitted to probate as such last will and testament in the Court of Comnnon 'Pleas of

McARTHUR" v. SCOTT.
Statement of Facts.
this county, be annulled, set aside and held for nought; and the infant defendants shall respectively have until they severally attain the full age of twenty-one years and six months thereafter, and the femes covert .defendants shall respectively have until they are 'discovert and six months thereafter, to show cause against this decree. And it is further ordered by the court that the defendants pay the costs herein expended, taxed at forty dollars and twenty-five cents. The complainant's costs are taxed at thirty-three dollars and fifty-five cents. The defendants' costs are taxed at six dollars aid seventy cents."
William McDonald, appointed on December 4, 1839, administrator of the estate of Duncan McArthur, as stated in the record annexed to the present bill and above mentioned, afterwards administered the entire personal estate of the deceased, and his final account was settled by the court on August 2, 1865.
Upon a petition' for partition of all the real estate of which Duncan McArthur died seized, filed on April 2, 1840, by his daughter Mrs. Anderson and her husband, against Duncan McArthur's other four children, Allen C. McArthur, James McD. McArthur, Mrs. Coons, and MTs. Trimble and her husband, and against the two children of his deceased daughter, Mrs. Kercheval, the Court of Common Pleas for Ross County, on April 11, 1841, made partition among them, one sixth part each to said Allen 0. McArthur, Mrs. Coons, Mrs. Anderson and Mrs. Trimble, one sixth to the heirs of James McD. McArthur (who had died pending that suit), and one twelfth to each of the two children of Mrs. Kercheval.
Upon the rendition of the decree in partition, the parties thereto entered into possession of their shares, and afterwards made sales of portions thereof to purchasers for valuable consideration, and without actual notice of any adverse title or claim; and they, and other persons claiming under or through them, respectively occupied and improved the same for the period of thirty-four years and eleven months, and until the filing of the present bi,'and during all that time their use and possession was distinct, continued, exclusive, actual and notorious, under a claim of title in fee simple, and adverse to the claims of all other persons.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Statement of Facts.
After the decree setting aside the will, and before the filing of this bill, one of James McD. MeArthur's children died under nine years of, age, and another child was born to him; the son of Mrs. Coons died, unmarried and intestie, and she married William Allen and had a daughter by him; Mrs. Anderson had five more children born, of whom two died under eleven yehrs of age; Mrs. Trimble's daughter married one Madeira, .and died, leaving three children; and Allen C. McArthur, Duncan McArthur's eldest son, had five children born to him, four daughters and a son.
This son, also named Allen C. McArthur, was the youngest grandchild of Duncan McArxthur who arrived at twenty-one years of age. Eie arrived at that age on March 4, 1815, after the death of all the children of Duncan McArthur; and he, together with his four sisters and their husbands, all being citizens of Illinois or Qf Kentucky, are the plaintiffs in the present bill, which was filed on March 17,1876. An authentic copy of the will of Duncan McArthur, and of the original probate thereof, was recorded by the probate court in Pickaway County on February 11, 1876.
The defendants in this bill were all citizens of Ohio, and were the three surviving children of James McD. McArthur, the surviving daughter of Mrs. Effie McA. Allen, the four surviving children of Mrs. Anderson, the three children of Mrs. Madeira, and numerous purchasers of different parcels of land from the parties to the proceeding for partition.
The present bill (without mentioning the proceeding to annul -the probate, set forth in the answers), alleged that, immediately after the death of Duncan McArthur, his five children; desiring to obtain for themselves the whole of his real and personal estate, and to deprive his grandchildren of all the provisions intended for them by his will, unlawfully combined and confederated with other persons, and, contriving to defraud the plaintiffs, procured and brought about the tender and acceptance of the resignations of the executors, and appropriated to their own use all his personal property, and, by means of the proceeding in partition above mentioned, divided all his lands among themselves, and conveyed parts of the same to

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.

3 53

Counsel for Parties.

other persons, and, in defence of their fraudulent conspiracy and doings, pretended that he died intestate, and they as his children had inherited his lands. These allegations were denied
in the answers.
At the hearhig upon bill and answers, the Circuit Court dis-' missed the bill, and the plaintiffs appealed to this court.
The cause was first argued in January, 1884. It was reargued in April, 1884, by order of the court.

.&. Lawrence .Maxwell,. .., for appellants at the first argument. 21r. .Maxwell and kr. Witlam X .Ram8ey for appellants at the re-argument.

.Mr. Richard A. Hamson for the appellees David H. Scott, Administrator of William Allen, deceased, David
H. Scott, and Effie H. Scott, heirs at law of William Allen, deceased, at the first argument; and also at. the rehearing in April

.Xr. JohnW.. Hemon for James M. Glenn, Trustee, appellee, at the first hearing.
.. w T..caintick for Dr. C. A. Trimble and Anna T.
Madeira and others, heirs of Mary Trimble, deceased, appellees, at the first hearing.

.Mr.Henry F. Page for Johnson Caldwell, Lawrence Crookham, Aristeus Hulse. Levi Luiz, Hepzibah Hulse, Sarah Florence, and others, appellees, at the first hearing.
Mr. P. C. Smith filed a brief on behalf of Jonas Htulse and Samuel M. Owens, appellees.
It is not possible to report the substance of each of these elaborate arguments without doing injustice to other cases. Abstracts are given: (1) of the argument of appellants' counsel; (2) of the argument of .r. Harriorm; (3) of so much of
VOL. 0in.-23

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Argument for .Appellants.
the arguments of his associates, as supplemented his argument, or varied from, or was in conflict with,-his positions.
Mr. Maxwell and -Mr.Ramsey for appellants: (their brief was also signed by Mi'. Rufus Zing and 3fXr. S. J. Thompso).-I. As to the question of _oerpetuitie8. 1. The case is governed by the statute, passed December 17, 1811,* which has since been in force in Ohio continuously. 2 Chase's Statutes of Ohio, 762. It is not disputed that the common law was in force in Ohio prior to the passage of this act, Railroad Co. v. Keary, 3 Ohio St. 201. The policy of Ohio in favor of issue and descendants is shown, by this act, to be more liberal than the common law. In Ohio an estate tail is not alienable by the donee in tail, Pollock v. Speidel, 17 Ohio St. 439; nor, during his life, by his issue, Dart v. Dart,7 Conn. 250, approved in Pollocko v. iSpeide. Therefore, an estate tail given, as it may be, to the unborn issue of a person in being, is, in Ohio, inalienable during three successive generations, whereas, at the common law, land could never be tied up longer than two generations and twenty-one years. On the part of the courts of the State, the same liberal tendency is disclosed. In Cribson v. A1Nceely, 11 Ohio St. 131, a doubtful clause of a will was construed as giving a life estate to children, with remainder in tail to their issue, rather than as making the children donees 'in tail; and upon the very ground, as stated by the court, that such construction would better effect the desire of the testator to restrain alienation as long as possible. The Supreme Court of Ohio has nevr yet declared a devise void for remoteness. The
* -AN Acr to restrict the entailment of real estate.
SEcTiON 1. Be it enacted by the General A88embly of the State of Ohio, That from and after the taking effect of this act, no estate in fee simple, fee tail, or any lesser estate, in lands or tenements, lying within this State, shall be given or granted by deed or will to any person or persons,"but such as are in being, or to the immediate issue or descendants of such as are in being at the time of making such deed or will ; and that all estates given in tail shall be and remain an absolute estate in fee simple to the issue of the first donee in tail. This act to take effect and be in force from and after the first 'day of June next."

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Argument for Appellants.
following cases show to what extent it has gone to uphold wills against that "charge. Stevenson v. -Evane, 10 Ohio St. 307; Gibson v. .AfcNeely, 11 Ohio St. 131; Turley v. T2urley, 11 Ohio St. 173; Brasher v. Marsh, 15 Ohio St. 103.-The act of 1811 is a: restraining, not an nabling act. It does not supersede the common law. It modifies it, by cutting off altogether the period, within which, after lives in being, an estate must vest, except in favor of the immediate issue or descendants of persons in being at the making of the will; so that there may be no devise except to persons in being or to their immediate issue or descendants, leaving the common-law rule intact with respect to such issue or descendants. The statute does not contemplate the necessity of a 'precedent particular estate to the person to whose immediate issue or descendant the estate is subsequently limited. There need be" no particular estate, or if there be one it may be granted to some one other than the one to whose immediate issue the ultimate estate is given, and .still the grant is valid under the statute.-2. The provision for children of predeceased grandchildren, if illegal, does not affect the validity of the devise to complainants. It is settled that the words "immediate issue" in this statute mean children, and "immediate descendants" include all to whom, under the statute of descents, an inheritable estate would descend immediately. Turley v. Turley, 11 Ohio St. 173. The complainants are the immediate issue of persons in being at the making of the will, and are therefore within the terms of the statute, and the time for final distribution is within twenty-one years after lives in being. If the complainants, being immediate issue of persons in being at the making of the will, are, under its terms, and necessarily within twenty-one years after lives in being, entitled each to an ascertainable aliquot part of the lands in suit, they may recover; and it is no answer that other portions of those lands are limited to others too remotely. Wilkil8on v. Dancan.30 Beav. 111 ; aGr Ith v. Pownall, 13 Sim. 393 ; Storrs v. Benbow, 3 DeG. M. & G. 390, and 2 MyL & K. 46 ; Cattlnv. Brown, 11 Hare, 372; Goodier v. Johnso, 18 Ch. D. 441; Darling v. .Rogers,22 Wend. 483; Zane v. Gott, 24: Wend. 641; Savage

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Argument for Appellants.
v. Burnham, 17 N. Y. 561, 576; Downing v. .Mar8hall,23 N. Y. 366; Adams v. Perry,43 N. Y. 487; Purdy v. Hayt, 92 N. Y. 446; Zowry v. .uldrow, 8 Rich. Eq. 241. Counsel for appellees rely upon Leake v. Robinon, 2 Meriv. 363 and the cases which follow it. Those cases do not decide that a devise to two classes, or individuals, void as to one is, therefore, void as to the other; or that if the entire intention of the testator with respect to any. subject matter may not be lawfully carried out, it must, therefore, fail altogether ; or that if a gift includes in one description persons capable and persons incapable, by reason of remoteness, it is, -therefore,invalid as to all; on the contrary, they recognize, and some of them expressly decide, the very opposite doctrine. The common-law rule is completely expressed in .the simple statement that a devise, to be valid, must necessarily vest, if at all, within twentyone years after lives in being, counting a child en vente 8a mere as in being. Any devise, which necessarily vests within that period is good; and it is quite immaterial that in the same sentence or clause, or with respect to the same subject matter, there be other devises which are too remote, or even that upon the identical devise there be engrafted remote ulterior limitations.
IL The devise to :the grandchildren was a vested estate. It has been assumed for the purposes of argunent thus far, that the estate devised did not vest at testator's death. But it did vest then; and thatbeing so, the question of remoteness disappears. The trustees took a legal estate, in fee simple. Nothing less would suffice for the execution of the trusts imposed upon them. Seame v. Rusell, 8 Gray, 86; Bees v. William8, 2 M. & W. 7'49; Garth.'v. Baldwin, 2 Yes. Sen. 646; Doe v. Edlin, 4 Ad. & El. 582; Doe v. Fied, 2 B. & Ad. 564; Xoore v. Burnet, 11 Ohio, 334; .Neilson v. Lagow, 12 How. 98. This disposes of the claim that the estate devised to the grandchildren is a vested legal remainder limited upon the legal estate given to the trustees. Nor is the estate of the grandchildren an equitable remainder. The estate of the grandchildren is not a remainder at all; it is not what remained after carving out a particular estate, legal or equitable; it is

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Argument for Appellants.
not an estate limited to take effect at the expiration of a prior estate; but an equitable right, upon the happening of a particular event, to wit, the arrival at majority of the youngest grandchild, the children being dead, to have the lands partitioned, and conveyed to them in fee simple. Holt v. Lamb, 17 Ohio St. 374, 387; Phipps v. Ackers, 9 01. & Fin., 583. The devise is an executory trust, which creates a legal estate in fee simple in the trustees, and an equitable estate in fee, to commence infaturo,in the grandchildren living at the death of the testator, subject to open and let in after-born grandchildren, with a devise over of the share of any grandchild dying leaving issue, to such issue. "hippsv. Ackers, 9 C1. & Fin. 583; Jeefers v. Lamp8on, 10 Ohio St. 101; Linton v. Laycock, 33 Ohio St. 128; Fox v. Fox, L. R. 19 Eq. 286; Doe v. Considine, 6 Wall. 458; Hawkins on Wills, 237241.-To prevent a perpetuity the devise to grandchildren dying before distribution may be construed as an estate tail. Allyn v. .father, 9 Conn. 114, 127; Doe v. Cooer, 1 East, 229, 234; Humberston v. Humberston, 1 P. Wins. 332. Where an instrument is open to two constructions, the one consistent and the other repugnant to law, or the one will give effect to the whole instrument and the other will destroy a part, the former must be adopted. Prudenv. Pruden,14 Ohio St. 251. The whole doctrine of estates tail cypres is founded on this principle. See Hawkins on Wills, 181, quoting 2foneypenny v. Dering. 16 M. & W. 428; same, 182, citing fVanderplanke v. -Ying, 3 Hare, 1.
III. As to the Ross County Record. 1. Neither the complainants nor their trustees were parties to this record. The only parties to the proceeding, so far as the land in question is concerned, were the children of the testator, and his then living grandchildren. The complainants were not then in being. The trustees for grandchildren were not parties; and the bill alleged that the persons made defendants were the only persons specified in the will.-2. A proceeding to -contest a will under the statute of Ohio* binds only the parties thereto.
* The statute in force at the time, and under which these proceedings were
had, was the act relating to wills, passed February 18, 1831, 8 Chase Stat.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Argument for Appellants.
It is not an 'exoparte proceeding, or in the nature of a proceeding in rem, but a suit in ipersonam in chancery, whose decree binds none but the parties. Holtv. Lamb, 17 Ohio St. 374. This settled construction of the statute by the courts of Ohio is binding upon this court, as much so as if part of the statute. Polk v. -endall, 9 Cranch, 87, 98; Thatcher v. Powell, 6 Wheat. 119, 127; Jackson v. Chew, 12 Wheat. 153; Nichols v. Levy, 5 Wall. 433; Williams v. Kirtland, 13 Wall. 306; Barrett v. Holmes, 102 U. S. 651; Burgess v. Seligman, '107 U. S. 20, 33; Iefmngwell v. Warren, 2 Black, 599, 603; ifoJeen v. .Delancy, 5 Cranch. 22; Christy v. Pridgeon, 4 Wall. 196. In order that there may be a proceeding in rem, the res must be either (1) a thing guilty, that is, s6me act must have been done in, with, or by it, in contravention of some law having the forfeiture of such misused thing as its sanction; or (2) it must be a thing hostile, in other words, owned or controlled by a public enemy; or (3) it must be a thing indebted, that is liable in law for the payment of a sum of money. It is manifest that a suit to.set aside a will is not in rem. Strictly speaking, it is not a suit, but a proceeding to secure the registration of a posthumous conveyance.-3. The legal trust estate was not affected by the proceedings to set aside the will. The resignations did not divest the trustees of-thelegal estate; but even if they did, the estate passed to the heirs charged with the trust. Adam8 v. Adams, 21 Wall. 185, 192; Story Eq. Jur.
976; Jeremy Eq. 163; Hargrave's note 146 to Co.Lit. 113 a;
1 Spence Eq. Jur. 501; Perry on Trusts, § 240.-It is equally.
clear that the equitable estate of the complainants was not affected by the suit to set aside the will. If it did not vest at the testator's death in the grandchildren then living,
1785. Sec. 20 (p. 1788), is as follows: "That if any person interested shall, within two years after probate had, appear and by bill in chancery contest the validity of the will, an issue shall be made up, whether the writing produced be the last will of the testator or testatrix or not ; which shall be tried by a jury, whose verdict shall be final between the parties, saving to the court the power of granting a new trial, as in other cases ; but if no person appear in that time, the probate shall be forever binding; saving also to infants, married women, and persons absent from the State, or of insane mind, or in captivity, the like period after the removing of their respective disabilities."

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Argument for Appellants.
-it was not represented. If it was then vested in the grandchildren who were parties to the suit, it was subject to be divested to let in after-born grandchildren. It is well settled that the rights of the unborn in such case are not affected by a decree against the living holders. Downin v. Sprecher,35 Maryland, 474; Graham v. Houghtalin,, I Vroom, 552; .Afonarqie v. Monarque, 80 N. Y. 320 ; Goodess v. Williams, 2 Yo. & Col. Ch.595. The cases cited by opposite counsel on this point are all cases of contingent remainders, or estates tail, or suits for partition, or by trustees to change investments. See Watson v. Waton, 3 Jones Eq. 400; Lancasterv. Thompson, 5 Madd. 4, 13; Adairv. New River Co., 11 Yes. 428, 444 ; York v. Pilkington, 1 Atk. 282; Atto'rney Generalv.Corporationof London, 8Beav. 270, 282; Hollandv. Baker, 3Hare, 68. "The great and essential difference between the nature of a contingent remainder, and that of an executory devise (and that, indeed, which renders it material to distinguish the one from the other in their creation) consists in this: that the first may be barred and destroyed, or prevented from taking effect, by several different means; whereas, it is a rule, that an executory devise cannot be prevented or destroyed, by any alteration whatsoever in the estate out of which, or after which it is limited." Fearne on Remainders, 418. If courts, where no person is in existence entitled to an estate of inheritance, have sometimes placed on record an existing tenant for life, that has never been done unless the tenant was one whose issue, if he were to have any, would become entitled to the inheritance. Calvert on Parties, 60. And the bill must contain a specific allegation that the parties are suing on behalf of themselves and others. The right of one defendant to represent many in a common interest is limited to cases where the rights in issue are in the nature of general rights, and to cases in which the object of the suit is merely to change the form of the property to which they attach-certainly not where its object is to divest or destroy them. Representation by an adverse interest is an absurdity which the law does not contemplate. Thus the unborn grandchildren, not being represented in law or in fact, in the suit to set aside the will, their estate remains intact. Even if the will

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Mr. Harrison's Argument for Appellees.
is in law set aside, that does not cut off the equity of the bill For a court of equity will compel trustees who have caused the trust estate to be conveyed to themselves in fraud of the rights of the cestuis que trust to account as trustees. Long v. .ulford, 17 Ohio St. 509; Rammelsberg v. Alitchell, 29 Ohio St. 57 ; Hill on Trustees, 144; Perry on Trusts, § 181, citing ]iddleton v. .Xiddleton, 1 Jac. & Walk. 96 ; ReecA v. Kennegal, 1 Ves. Sen. 123 ; Oldham v. Litchfeld, 2 Vernon, 506 ; Xestaer v. Gillespie, 11 Ves. 620, 638. See also Yeader v. IYorton, 11 Wall. 442, 457; Cocks v. Izard, 7 Wall. 559; Slater v. -3faxwell, 6 Wall. 268, 276 ; James v. Railroad Co., 6 Wall. -752 ; Goodin v. Cin. & Whitewater CanalOo., 18 Ohio St. 169; .Xichoudv. Girod, 4 How. 503.
IV: As to the defence of innocent purchasers. This applies only to a defendant who has purchased the legal title in ignorance of the complainant's equitable title. 'Fattier v. Hinde, 7 Pet. 252; Langdell Eq. P1. § 140. The defendants who set up that defence either have not acquired the legal title, or had notice of the equitable title. The probate and record of the will passed title to.the devisees in the land devised from the death of the testator wherever situated in the State. Hall v. As by, 9 Ohio, 96; Carpenter v. .Denoon, 29 Ohio St. 379, 395. There can be no defence of innocent purchase in the face of a recorded 'title. Dick v. Balch, 8 Pet. 30. See Nichols v. Eaton, 81 U. S. 716 ; Day v. 3ficou, 18 Wall. 156.
.M.. Harrison,for appellees.-I. As to the Statute of Probate* and the proceedingsunder it in Ross ounty.-1. While the verdict and decree annulling the will remain in force, neither the actual parties to the proceeding in which the verdict and decree were rendered, nor the appellants, who were not born until many years after the coiftest, can treat them as nullities, nor collaterally impeach them. The object of the suit was, to determine the legal status of the writing' produced. All interested persons then in ese were parties. The verdict and decree operated uPon the entire instumenl, the legal status of which was in-
*Se a de, p. 857.

MoARTHIUR v. SCOTT.
Mr. Harrison's Argument for Appellees.
divisible. The right to make the will and: the right to contest it were created and regulated by the same statute. The latterright to contest-within the time and in the mode prescribed, could not be cut off by any provision in the will itself. The issue in the contest was not an adversary suit. There were strictly no parties. The statute conferred jurisdiction upon the court over the thing itself. The first proceeding under the statute, to prove the will, is ec yarte and in rem; the second, to set aside the probate, is equally so; though in form original, in fact it is in the nature of an appeal. The entirety of the question decided in each' court'is apparent. Therefore the verdict establishes the will, as a whole, or annuls it as a whole. The court, in controlling the preparation and directing the progress of the contest, must look to the persons interested, whether they are in existence or not, because they are to be affected, consequentially, by the verdict. But neither the question submitted for decision nor the jury who are to decide it have any direct reference to them. The verdict is not against persons; it is against the thing in contest. The statute prescribed who should be parties to the suit; and limited the time within which it should be brought. The appellants, being born after expiration: of the time, could not be made parties; and as the instrument could not be set aside as to living interested persons-and remain in force as to unborn executory devisees, it follows that the verdict and decree bind the appellants. See Singleton v. Singleton, 8 B. Monroe, 340; Hunt v. Acre, 28 Ala. 580; Scott v. Calvit, 3 How. (Miss.) 148; Benoi8t v. .Afurrin, 48 Missouri, 48; tcayne8 v. _Haynem, 33 Ohio St. 598; Brown v. Burdick, 25 Ohio St. 260; .Afee8e v. Rlqfe, 10 Ohio, 362; Bradford v. Andrew8, 20 Ohio St. 208.-2. The case of Holt v. Lam, 17 Ohio St. 374, relied upon by opposing counsel, is not in point. The testatrix there devised vested estates to persons in being when the will was made and took effect, and when the will was contested. Aside from this, the uling is unsound, and in conflict with other decisions of the same court. .Aeese v. efe, 10 Ohio, 362; Bradford v. Andrews, 20 Ohio St. 208; Wacdker v. Walker, 14 Ohio St. 157, 176; Brown v. Burdick, 25 Ohio St. 260, 266; Hayne8 v. Baynes 33 Ohio St.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Mr. Harrison's Argument for Appellees.
598.-3. Decrees in. chancery often bind interests in property devised to unborn persons. Lorillardv. Co8ter, 5 Paige, 172; Palmer . Flower,L. R. 13 Eq. 250; Basuet v. .foxon,L. R. 20 Eq. 182; fills v. Slade, 6 Yes. 498; Cro8 v. De Valle, 1 Wall. 1. If such a verdict and decree are inoperative as to interests of persons unborn and unascertained when the decree is rendered, then the instrument cannot be set aside as to such interests at all, and the absolute right conferred by the statute to contest the will would be frustrated. The purposes of the legislature would be nullified. The right of alienation might be suspended indefinitely, by the terms of an instrument, adjudged to be a nullity after a trial by jury. The adoption of this theory would in many cases render the administration of estates impracticable.--4. The rule that we contend for is founded on public policy; it is essential to the repose of titles founded on wills; it is necessary for quieting litigation that verdicts and decrees in contested will cases should be binding upon contingent and executory interests of persons not in e.se and ascertained when the contest takes place. See fosier v. Ifarmon,29 Ohio St. 220, 255-6; Walker v. Walker,14 Ohio St. 15T, 175, and the other cases above cited from the Kentucky, Alabama, Mississippi, Missouri, and Georgia reports.-5. It is the duty bf the court, in cases in which-the validity of a will is contested under the wills act of Ohio, to control the preparation, and direct and control the progress of the proceedings, and look to and protect the interests of unborn persons to whom contingent bequests or devises are made, although it is uncertain whether such persons will ever come into being, and, even if they should, whether such interests will ever vest. And see Scott v. Calvit, above cited.-6. The rule as to the persons upon whom judgments and decrees in actions in yersonam are binding, is not applicable in a proceeding, under this statute, to contest the validity of a will.-7. The fact that there were no executors in existence when the decree was rendered, does not entitle the appellants to treat it as a nullity; upon the acceptance of their resignations they were functi o,ficio. The contestant was not obliged to have executors appointed. To have done so would have been a recogni-

MoARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Mr. Harrison's Argument for Appellees.
tion of the will. The powers given to the executors were given to the office, not to the persons. An executor is to be considered as holding property devised to him in that character, unless it clearly appear from the face of the will that the testator intended it to be held by him as a special trustee. State v. .Z/col8, 10 Gill & Johns. 27; Perkins Y. Ifoore, 16 Ala. 9; Steele v. Worthington, 2 Ohio, 182; Gandolpwo v. "Walker1, 5 Ohio St. 251. If a special trust is cast upon an executor, as executor, the execution of such trust is a duty superadded to his ordinary official duties as executor, and until he qualifies himself and assumes to act in his separate capacity as special trustee, the bond to perform his duties as executor binds him and his sureties to the execution of such trust; for in such cases he acts in the capacity of executor, and dces not become a special trustee until he actually qualifies as such. Perkinsv. .oore, 16 Ala. 9; Newcombe v. WTlliams, 9 Met. 525; Dor v. Vainw2ight, 13 Pick. 328; Towne v. Ammidown, 20 Pick. 535; Felton v. Sawyer, 41 N. H. 202.-8. These executors did not qualify, or assume to act as special trustee& Their trust was to all intents executorial The will devised the legal title to the lands in contest to them for a limited time-qua executors, and not nominatim. Upon their qualification, it vested in them as such. Their resignations and the acceptance of them again divested them of it, and the legal title vested in the heirs, until the appointment and qualification of successors. Having ceased to be executors, they did not represent the estate, and were not necessary parties to the suit.-9 It is not requisite in order to sustain, as aginst the plaintiffs, the verdict annulling "the writing produced" as Duncan McArthur's will, to apply to the case the principle of virtual representation of persons not in esse by actual parties to a suit. If it were necessary, that principle could be applied. According to the reasons upon which the doctrine of virtual representation securely rests, the plaintiffs in the present suit were virtually represented in the proceeding to contest the alleged will, by the grandchildren of the decedent who were actual parties to the proceeding. The will devised the lands in controversy to all the grandchildren, whether born or unborn at the death of the testator, as a class,

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Mr. Harrsons Argument for Appellees.
and the title and possession -were,by the will, to vest in every member of the class at one and the same time. Hence, the grandchildren who were iii being and actual parties to the contest, stood, when the contest was had, and when it must take place if at all, in precisely the same relation to the alleged will and the estate devised, as the grandchildren who were afterwards born. It follows that the grandchildren who were actual parties must, under the circumstances and from considerations of necessity, be held, for the purposes of the contest, to have virtually represented after-born grandchildren. Afead v. .7fitchell, 17 N. Y. 210: Baylor's Lessee v. Dejarnette, 13 Gratt. 152; Faulknerv. Davis, 18 Gratt. 651 ; Sohier v. William8, 1 Curtis, 479; Giflord v. H~ort, 1 -Sch. & Lef. 386; Gaskell v. Gaskell, 6 Sim. 643; Powell v. TrF/94g, 7 Beav. 444; Camn4bell v. Watson, 8 Ohio, 498.--10. When the statute says that "the verdict shall be final between the parties" it means all parties in interest, whether actual present parties or unborn persons represented by acts of parties having identity of interest with them.-1. The order of the court appointing an admin-' istrator upon the estate of the decedent, as an intestate estate, and the order settling the final account of the administrator, are conclusive and have universal effect. They cannot be treated as nullities, nor collaterally attacked, by any person. Jennisonv. Hfapgood,7 Pick. 1; Field v. Hiteheock, 14 Pick. 405, 407 ; Clark v. Pishon, 31 Maine, 503; Record v. Howard,58 Maine, 225 ; Sever v. Russel, 4 Cush. 513.-12. If the complainants are entitled to any relief, their only remedy is by a proper bill in the Court of Common Pleas of Ross County, in the nature of a bill of review, and not by a petition for partition in this Court, treating the entire proceeding by which the pretended will was set aside and annulled, as absolute nullities. Voorhees v. Bank of United States, 10 Pet. 449; Grignon Lessee v. Astor, 2 How. 319; Comstoce v. Crawford,3 Wall. 396; Cooper v. Reynolds, 10 Wall. 308, 315; 3foNitt v. Turner, 16 Wall. 352; Singleton v. Singleton, 8 B. Monroe, 340.
II. The supposed devises of the land in controversy would have been held void, even if the pretended will had not been set aside. 1. The gift of the estate in fee contravenes the statute

McARTHTUR v. SCOTT.
Mr. Harrison's 'Argument for Appellees.
of Ohio against perpetuities.*. Under the provision of the will it is possible that the estate given might not vest during the lifetime of a person in being when the will was made, nor at the death of such person, nor during the lifetime of the immediate issue or descendant of such person.. It is well settled that this possibility makes the entire gift void. :From the earliest times the English courts set ,themselves against perpetuities. First they would allow only limitations to take effect at the end of one life from the testator's death. Then this was elarged to include two or more lives in being; that being regarded as only the one life of the longest lives. The next step taken by the courts was much debated; but it was finally settled that an executory devise might be made to vest at the end of lives in being and twenty-one years after, to allow for the infancy of the next taker, who, by reason of infancy, could not alienate the estate. Taylor v. Biddal, 2 Madd. 289. The statute of 10 and 11 William Ill., c. 16, having provided that children en ventre 8a mere, born after their father's death, should, for the purposes of the limitations of estates, be deemed to have been born in his lifetime, a further extension of nine or ten months was'allowed for the period of gestation. Goodman v. Goodright,2 Burr. 873. The next step was to allow a period of nine months for gestation at the beginning of the term, as the life in being during which the term would run might be that bf a child en. ventre sa mere. Iong v. Blackll, 7 T. R. 100.-2. This common-law rule as to perpetuities the legislature regarded as incompatible with republican institutions: this was the mischief which it attempted to remedy by the statute. This and kindred legislation in other States aimed to prevent property from being tied up, and the power of its disposition suspended.-3. As to the interpretation of this statute. It was a restraining and not *an enabling act. In Turley v. Turley, 11 Ohio St. 173, it was held that a devise to children of predeceased children was not in conflidt with the statute, and that "immediate descendants" includes all to whom, under the statute of descents, an estate would have
* See ante, page 854, note.

OCTOBER TERM, 1881.
Mr. Harrison's Argument for Appellees.
descended immediately from the particular person whose descendants they are required by the will to be. In Harness v. Coming, 24 Ohio St. 416, it was decided that the statute does not change the nature of the estate in the first donee in tail from an inheritable estate to an estate for life only. Among other results, which, as we contend flowed from these several decisions, were the following: (a.) Immediately upon the termination of a particular estate by the death of the person in being at the time of making the will, to whom such particular estate is given, the entire inheritance must immediately vest in the person or persons to whom the estate in remainder, or any future estate by way of executory devise, conditional limitation, etc., is given. (b.) Grandchildren or great-grandchildren, or other immediate issue or descendants of persons in being at the time of making the will, may take an estate in remainder, or any future estate, by way of executory devise, &c., provided they are in esse when the particular estate given to a person living when the will is made terminates by his death. (c.) But grandchildren or great-grandchildren, or other issue or descendants of persons in being at the time of making the will, who are born subsequently to the death of the person in being when the will was made, and to whom a particular estate is given, cannot take. (d.) By the common law, estates in remainder, or any future estates by way of executory devise, &c., may be so limited that the vesting of the same can be postponed until after a life or lives in being at the death of the testator and twenty-one years; but under the statute the vesting of such estates cannot be postponed beyond the death of a person or persons in being when the will was made. They cannot, therefore, be so limited as that they will not vest until after the death of a person or persons in being when the will was made, and when and as soon as a person or persons not then in being shall arrive at twenty-one years of age. (e.) Under the statute, where estates for life, either legal or equitable, are given to persons in being at the making of the will, and the fee is so given that the persons respectively to whom it is given take the same by descent, and not by purchase, through the tenants for life respectively, the

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Mr. Harrison's Argument for Appellees.
vesting of the estates in fee cannot be postponed until the death of all the tenants for life; but in such case the estates must vest in the immediate issue or descendants from time to time, and as each tenant for life dies; the issue or descendants of each tenant for life taking in fee such part of, or interest in, the premises as was held by each tenant for life respectively. This statute cannot be evaded by means of a trust, condition, or other device. The limits prescribed to the creation of future estates and interests are the same at law and in equity. Ould v. Tashington lo&pital, 95 U. S. 303; Nforfolk *. Howard,1 Vernon, 163; BrattleSquare Murch v. Grant,3 Gray, 141, 155, and cases there cited. It is equally well settled that the contingency upon the happening of which the estate is to vest, must happen within the time fixed by law. If by possibility, it may happen later, the limitation and the devises creating it are void. Ouid v. Washington kospital,and Brattlo SquarA Churchv. Grant,both cited above; Nightingalev. Burrell, 15 Pi~k. 104, 111 ; Searsv. Russell, 8 Gray, 96, 98; Everitt v. Everitt, 29 Barb. 112 ; Lewis on Perpetuities, 170 ; Amory v. Laird,5 Selden (0 N.: Y.) 403, 415; Jackson v. Billinger,18 Johns. 367, 381 ;.' .elsh v. Foster, 12 Mass. 93 ; Done v. Van Schaick, 7 Iai e, 221. When a gift includes in one description persons capable and persons incapable, by reason of remoteness, the entire gift is void. Jferv. Dungannon,1 Dru. &War. 509. An executory devise transgressing the allowed limits is void as a whole, and not simply for the excess. Leak v. Robin80n, 2 Meriv. 363, 389. It follows, from the settled principles above stated, that if the alleged will of Duncan McArthur by reason of the trusts, conditions, or limitations therein, concerning the real estate in contest, prevented, or might by any possibility have prevented the vesting of the estate, or suspended the free transmission thereof to a period beyond the lives of persons in being at the time of the making of the will, the devises containing such trusts, conditions, or limitations are void and linmediately upon his decease the estate vested absolutely in his heirs at law. We bubmit that, upon an examination of the several clauses of the will in regard to the lands in contest, it appears beyond doubt that they contain truscs, conditions, and limitations of

OCTOBER TER, 1884.
Mr. Harrison's Argument for Appellees.
such a natire as to prevent the vesting of the estate, or suspend the free transmission thereof to a period beyond the lives of persons in being at the time of the making of the will, and provide for the vesting of the estate in persons o+her than the "immediate issue or descendants of persons in )eing at the time of the making of the will." An analytical examination of the clauses of the will shows: 1st. That the lands were devised to the executors in trust. 2d. That the legal estate was in the executors, with right of possession for the lives of the children and until the last and youngest grandchild attained the age of twenty-one years. 3d. That the fents and profits during this time were to go to the children, the minor child or children of a child dying, and such grandchildren as might attain the age of twenty-one, to the exclusion of grandchildren under twenty-one. 4th, and that no vested interest in the remainder was given: that the devise was contingent, and became vested, when the youngest or last grandchild reached twenty-one, in such grandchildren or great-grandchildren as were then in life. The testator intended himself to control the descent of the estate until the death .ofall his children, and the arrival of his youngest grandchild to the age of twentyone years. He intended to keep the vast estate in his family for generations. The-will must be construed so as to carry out this cardinal idea. There is no distinct 'gift of the lands to grandchildren unconnected with the actual occurrence, and the time of the occurrence of the events nailied in the devise of the lands. The disposition actually made by the testator is perfectly manifest, and is plainly inconsistent with the statute of Ohio "to restrict the entailment of real estate," and is void. See Colton v. Fox, 67 N. Y. 348 ; Qln6y v. Hull, 21 Pick. 311 ; Thompson v. Luddington, 104 Mass. 198 ; Stephens v. Evans,30 Indiana, 39; MeBride v. iSmyth, 54 Penn. St. 245; 'Baylor v. Dejarnette,13 Gratt. 152. The provision of the will requiring the executor to divide the estate among grandchildren and greatgrandchildren living when certain future events occur is incompatible with the idea of a present vesting. kittende v. Fairchild,41 N. Y. 289. A remainder is contingent when the persons who are to take ;t are uncertan. HaWley v. James, 16

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Mr. Harrison's Argument for Appellees.
Wend. 60, 140. These estates are future estates. There are no words of present gift. See also Eyre v. .- ar8den,2 Keen, 564; Blease v. Burgh, 2 Beav. 221, 226. If a limitation be to a class, collectively, and a part of these be beyond the limit of remoteness, it is void as to all. Porter v. Fox, 6 Sim. 485. In this case all of the class are beyond the limits of remoteness tolerated by the statute of Ohio. The devise of the lands to the executors in trust to receive the rents and profits does not save the devise to grandchildren and great-grandchildren living at the expiration of the trust, from the operation of the statute against perpetuities. The trust suspends the power of alienation, and unless its continuance is limited according to law, it is void in its creation. Boy2ton v. loyt, 1 Denio, 53. Where land is devised upon a trust void as tending to create a perpetuity, the heir is entitled to recover. Hillyard v. diller, 10 Penn. St. 326. The contention that the devise creates an estate tail is untenable. The words "children" and" grandchildren" are used in the will as descriptive of persons, or classes of persons, to whom the rents and profits are to be distributed; and "grandchildren" and "child" or "1children" of "grandchildren" are further used as descriptive of the persons in whom the fee is to vest. In their proper sense the words "child" and "grandchild" are words of purchase. They are not treated as words of limitation unless necessary to carry out a manifest intent of a testator. The will did not create an estate tail, but an absolute estate in fee simple to vest upon the death of all the"testatops children and the arrival of the last or youngest grandchild at the age of twenty-one. Even without the statutes of perpetuities these devises would have been held void in Ohio, where the rules of the common law in this .respect have never been recognized. Bloom v. ]?icards, 2 Ohio St. 387; Seui'geant v. Steinberger, 2 Ohio, 305; King v. Beck, 15 Ohio, 559. Counsel for appellants contend that the devise is good under the English rule against perpetuities; but that rule would not be held to prevail in Ohio if the statute had not been enacted. See Harkne*8 v. Corning, 24 Ohio St. 416. Their proposition that the devise is good under the act of 1811, because, the appellants are the immediate issue of persons in being when the
voL. ci1-24

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Mr. Harrison's Argument. for Appellees..-
will took effect, is also unsound. The appellants may be the immediate issue; but others of the same class are not, and the devise is of one subject matter to an entire class. When a gift includes in one description persons capable and persons inca.; pable by reason of remoteness, the entire gift is void. ifer v. Dungannon, 1 Dru. & War. 509; Candy v. Campbell, 2 C1. & Fin. 421; Greenwood v. Roberts, 15 Bear. 92; Snmith v. Snith, L. R. 5 Oh. 342; Leake v. Robinson, 2 Meriv. 363. And when there is a gift to a class, some of the objects of which are too remote, and some t'ot, effect cannot be gives to the latter, separated from the former, but the Whole gift is void. Seaman v. Mood, 22 Beav. 591. The cases of Lowry v.
iu/drow 8 Rich. Eq. 24:1, and Savage v. Burnham; 17 N. Y. 561, relied on by the other side, are not in point to their claim that under the statute the devise is not rendered void by the provision made for the great-grandchildren, because that devise was merely substitutional. We reply to this claim, (1)that the purpose of the will was perpetuity-that a contingency was possible in which the whole estate might have been divided among greatgrandchildren ; and (2) that the time for vesting of the estate is postponed beyond the time allowed by the act of 1811. That was a restraining, not an enabling act, as explained in the opening of the argument. The statute sets substantially the bounds to the postponement of the vesting, which the common law first set to executo-ry -devises.-The grandchildren do not take estates tail under the will. The cy pres doctrine ha no application to this devise, because, (1) the doctrine is inapplicable when the limitation to the unborn children gives them a fe,,. Halev. Pew, 25 Deav. 335. And (2) the doctrine of cypres is inadmissible where the paramount intention of the testator is to create a perpetuity, and where the doctrine, if applied, would effectuate his purpose in contravention of the declared object of positive law.-The devises were contingent, not only as to the time when the estate should be decided, but as to the persons to take. When the existence of the devisee of a contingent remainder at a particular time makes part of the confingency, or enters into it, the remainder cannot descend. Appellants disregard the distinction between a contingency

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Mr Herron's Argument for Appellees.
depending on the person to take, and a contingent interest. In the latter the representatives may take when the event occurs, though the first taker pointed out may not be in existence. In the former nothing passes until the contingency happens. Where remainders are created in which only persons who survive a particular event are to take, it is obviousthat no person who does not survive the event can take, or have any transmissible estate. There is a manifest difference between such remainders and those in which certain defined persons, ascertained without reference to a particular event, are to take on the happening of such event. Here the devise was not to certain defined persons, irrespective of the event; on the contrary, the remainder is limited to persons who were not in being when the will was made, and who cannot be ascertained until the event happens. The futurity here is annexed to the substance of the devise, and not to the time of partition only. 1 Jarman on Wills, 760, 645. The will bears marks of having been prepared by a thoughtful lawyer. The use of the words "when and as soon as" show a purpose of fixing the date when the interest should vest. Colt v. Tubbard,33 Conn. 281, 285. See also Festing v. Allen, 12 M. & W. 279 ; Duy eld v. Dufleld, 1 Dow & 01. 268, 314; Augustuy v. Seabolt, 3 Met. (Ky.) 155; Tltorndike v. .Loring,15 Gray, 391.
Mr. Herron, in addition to the points presented by Mr. Harrison urged as special defences on the part of his client,. (1) That he was a bona fide purchaser direct from the heirs at law of Duncan McArthur, after the resignation of the executors, and when the legal title was, as he claimed, vested in the heirs; and that having acquired that title for a valuable consideration paid to the heirs, he had improved and occupied the lards as his home for thirty years before suit brought. As to the effect of these facts he cited Jei-rard v. Saunders, 2 Ves. Jr. 454; Fitzsimmons v. Ogden, 7 Cranch, 2; Anketel v. Converse, 17 Ohio St. 11. (2) The staleness of the complainants' claim. They had two claims. The first to the enjoyment of the property left them under the will. That could not occur until the youngest grandchild became of age. The second was

OCTOBER TERM, 1894.
Mr. McClintick's and Mr. Page's Arguments for Appellees.
to have the question of the probate of the will settled. That might have been done at an earlier date, as many of the grandchildren were entitled to set up that claim prior to 1858, and their interests were inseparable from those of complainant. See Bradford v. Andrew8, 20 Ohio .St. 208, 219.
Mr. Y e Clntick argued from a careful historical review of the legislation of Ohio relating to the proof of wills,* that the proceedings in the Court of Common Pleas for Ross County, setting aside the probate of the will were a bar to the present claim. of the complainants. On the question of perpetuities he rested on the arguments of tr. Harzson, and Ar. Herron.
. Mr. Page contended, 1. That the executors were not necessary parties to the suit to vacate the will. The grandchildren of the testator in esse at the date of the suit, and parties to it, had the remainder in fee at that time, and were the only parties in existence who had it. The present complainants necessarily could not be made parties; but they occupy the same position as if they had been. The remainder in fee which opened to let them in, was represented in that suit by the only parties who could represent it. The whole legal
* The following Statutes of the Territory and of the State were cited by .Mr. MXclinlickc:
Territorial act of August 30, 1788, 1 Chase Stat. 96; Territorial act of June 19, 1795, 1 Chase Stat. 182; Constitution of 1802, Schedule § 4, 1 Chase Stat. 84; Same,-Art. III. § 5, 1 Chase Stat. 79 ; Act of January 5, 1805, 1 Chase Stat. 492; Act of February 18, 1808, 1 Chase Stat. 571; Act of February 20, 1808, 1 Chase Stat. 577; Act of February 10,1810, 1 Chase Stat. 680; Act of February 19, 1810, 1 Chase Stat. 685 Act of February 8, 1812, 2 Chase Stat. 769 ; Act of January 25, 1816, 2 Chase Stat. 929; Act of February 26, 1824, 2 Chase Stat. 1305 Act of February 18, 1831, 3 Chase Stat. 1785; Act of March 12, 1831, 3 Chase Stat. 1775 Act of March 3, 1834, 32 Ohio Laws, 41 ; Act of March 16, 1839, 37 Ohio Laws, 57; Act of March 23,1840, 38 Ohio Laws, 120.

McARTKUR v. SCOTT.
Mr. Page's Argument for Appellees.
estate, both in life and in remainder, was vested in the children and grandchildren of the testator in trust, and it is to be presumed that they did their duty in defending the will. The estate now claimed was represented in the suit by parties who had a right to represent it. The claimants, coming into the same estate, must take it as they find it. The general rule requiring all parties to be representedi is confined to parties to the interest involved in the issue. The rule may be dispensed with in case of difficulty or extreme inconvenience. Hallett v. Hallett,2 Paige, 15. It is within the discretion of the court to permit a suit to proceed without the appearance of a trustee, when all the cetuiR que trust are parties; as when a trustee for some reason cannot be compelled to appear. Walley v. Walley, 1 Vernon, 484; Mfoore v. VTinten, 12 Sim. 161. See also Brookes v. Burt, 1 Beav. 106; Seddon v. Cornwl, 10 Sim. 85. A trustee named in a will who has refused- the trust is not a necessary party. Creed v. Creed, 2 Hogan, 215. And one who was released and never acted ought not to be a party. Richardson v. Hulbert, 1 Anstr. 65. And when the bill states (as did the bill in Ross County) that there are no executors and none can be had, the defect of their non-appearance, even if it were one, is excused. 2 Maddock Ch. Pract. 178. It is not disputed that had there been acting executors, they should have been made parties; but even if they had been omitted, could any one else have treated the proceedings as Void, in a collateral suit? If the objection of defect of parties had been raised at the time, the court might have ,required the bill to be amended. To raise the objection in another suit after the lapse of thirty-five years raises a different question. For, when 'neither party raises such an objection, it is competent for the court to go on and settle the rights ofthe parties before it, without prejudice to those w'ho are not parties. Lorillardv. Coster, 5 Paige, 172. And in such case, thougWh the omitted parties or their privies in law or estate may object to the judgment, that objection cannot be taken by a third party. Much less can a party to the suit object that his trustee was not a party.-2. That the devise to the 6xecutors was virtute offlcii. The trust was annexed to the office, and not to tfie person of the executors.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Mr. Page's Argument for Appellees.
Jackson v. Fevwis, 15 Johns. 346; Warden v. Richards,11 Gray, 277; .Afiller v. iteetch, 8 Penn. St. 418. An executor, who renounces his office, the renunciation being followed by twenty years of total non-interference with the estate, is deemed to have renounced the trust, which is personal and discretionary. Beekman v. Bonsar, 23 N. Y. 299. These executos never accepted a trust under this will, distinct from the executorship. When they resigned and their resignations were accepted, their title was extinguished.-3. That the grandchildren not in esse were parties by representation to the suit to sot aside the will. Lorillardv. Ooster, 5 Paige, 172; Campbell v. Watson, 8 Ohio, 498; Mitford P1. 173; 1 Daniel Ch. Pract. 274; Dursley v. Fitztardnge,6 Vesey, 251; Eagle Fire 1nsurance Co. v. Canmett, 2 Edw. Oh. 127. See Faulknerv. Davis, 18 Gratt. 651, 684; Baylor v. Dejarnette,13 Gratt. 152; .nott v. Stearns, 91 U. S. 638; Sohier v. Mfllian?§, 1 Curtis, 479; ffodi,,e v. Greenfeld, 7 Paige, 544; Adams Eq. 315; Freeman v. Freeman, 9 Heisk. 301; .Jead v. Xfitchell, 17 N.- Y. 210, 214; Clemens v. Olemens, 37 Id. 59; Brevoort v. CGrace, 53 Id. 245; ONin v. Keith, I Hun, 589; Calvert on Parties, ch. IV.4. That executory interests are barred. The interests of the grandchildren were vested. In Ohio future contingent interests, whether a remainder or executory devise, are transmissible by deed or will. Tkwmpson v. Hoop, 6 Ohio St. 480. Contingent limitations and executory devises, to persons not in being may be bound by a decree against a person claiming a vested estate of inheritance. Story Eq. P1. § 147; Mitford P1. 174; Calvert on Parties, 51. The English rule is to bring before the court the person entitled to the first estate of inheritance with those claiming prior interests, omitting those who might claim the remainder or reversion after such vested estate of inheritance. It would, therefore, follow as a matter of course from this rule, that contingent limitations and executory devises to persons not in being would in like manner be bound by a decree against the virtual representatives of these remote and contingent interests, the person having the first vested estate of inheritance. Mlead v. Afitchell, 17 N. Y. 214; Clemens v. Clemens, 37 N. Y. 59;

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
Brevoort v. Grace, 53 N. Y. 245. The English case of Goosde8 v. Willianm, 2 Yo. & Col. Ch. 596, is opposed to previous English cases, and is in conflict with an unbroken line of American cases.-5. That the grandchildren not in e88e were properly represented.-6. That the plaintiff was not required to have representatives appointed.-7. That if the court should have appointed executors, it is an error not affecting the jurisdiction.-8. That the defence by guardian ad litem was sufficient.-9. The counsel discussed the effect of'the verdict and judgment under the Ohio act as to wills.-O. -That the proceedings in Ross county cannot be impeached collaterally, because of the omission to appoint executors.
MR. JusTicE GRAY delivered the opinion of the court. This case presents three principal questions: First. Whether the equitable estate in fec. which Duncan McArthur by his will undertook to devise to hiN grandchildren, children of his five surviving children, was vested or contingent ? Second. Whether the devise of that estate, so far as it is to the present plaintiffs, was void for remoteness? Third. Whether the decree in 1839, setting aside his will and annulling the probate, is a bar to this suit? I. The principal provisions of the will of Duncan McArthur, material to the decision of this case, are as follows: By the fifteenth clause, he directs that his lands in the counties of Ross and Pickaway shall be leased or rented by his executors "until the youngest or last grandchild which I now have, or may hereafter have," the child of either of his five surviving children, Allen 0., James MciD., Effie, Eliza Ann or Mary, "who may live to be twenty-one years of age, shall arrive at that age." By the sixteenth clause, he directs that, until that time, the income of these lands, and the dividends of all stocks held by him or purchased by his executors, shall be by them annually divided equally among the five children aforesaid, or the issue of any child dying, and among the grandchildren also as they successively come of age. The seventeenth clause provides as follows: "It is my further will and direction that after the decease of all my children now

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
living, and when and as soon as the youngest or last grandchild, in the next preceding clause but one of this will designated and described, shall arrive at the age of twenty-one years, all my lands" in question "shall be inherited and equally divided between my grandchildren per capita, the lawful issue of my said sons and daughters, Allen C., James MOD., Effie, Eliza Ann and Mary, for them and their heirs forever, to have and to hold, or to sell and dispose of the same at their will and pleasure; and in like manner all the stocks belonging to my.said estate, whether invested before or after my death, shall at the same time be equally divided among my said grandchildren, share and share alike, per capita; but it is to be understood to be my will and direction that if any grandchild aforesaid shall have died before said final division is made, leaving a child or children lawfully begotten, such child or children shall take and receive per .stirpes(to be equally divided between them) the share of my said estate, both real and personal, which the parent of such deceased child or children would have been entitled to have and receive if living at the time of such final distribution." The word "deceased," near the end of this passage, was evidently intended to be prefixed to the word "'parent," instead of to the words "child or children," so as to read "deceased parent of such child or children."
By the eighteenth clause, he directs that "in such final distribution of my lands" the executors fpr the time being shall make *deedsof partition "to and in the names of those who may be thus entitled thereto;" and "to enable my executors the more effectually to execute the powers and duties by this will devolved upon thei- and to protect my said children and grandchildren against fraud and imposition," he devises the lands to his executors and their successors, "and to their heirs, in trust for the uses and purposes and objects expressed in this my will, and the performance of which is herein above directed and prescribed, to have pnd to hold the title thereof till such' final divisioip, or partition thereof, and no longer." By the twenty-fourth clause, he appoints three executors, and directs and requests that if either of them shall die, resign, or refuse to act, the court having probate jurisdiction for the county of

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court
Ross shall appoint a new one instead, to act as an executor with the others, so that there shall always be three executors.
The devise in the eighteenth clause of the title in the lands to the executors and their successors, and their heirs, in trust for the uses and purposes expressed in the will, to have and to hold until the final division or partition, clearly gave them an estate in fee, to last until that time. Doe v. Edlin, 4 Ad. & El. 582; Yaden v. Taylor, 45 Law Journal (N. S.) Oh. 569 And there can be no doubt that as contended by the learnedcounsel for the defendants, the powers conferred and the trusts imposed upon the executors were annexed to their office of executors, and did not make them trustees in another and different capacity. Colt v. Colt, 111 1T. S. 566, 581 ; Teadwell v. Cordie, 5 Gray, 341, 358; Gandolfo v. Walker, 15 Ohio St. 251.
The equitable estate created by the gift in the sixteenth clause of the income to the children and grandchildren, being an estate which must endure for the lives of the children; and might endure throughout the lives of the grandchildren, though subject to be sooner determined in the contingency of the coming of age of the youngest grandchild, was technically an estate for life. 2 Bl. Com. 121.
The nature of the equitable estate in remainder created by the seventeenth clause demands more consideration.
The counsel for some of the defendants contended that it was contingent upon the arrival of the youngest grandchild at twenty-one years of age. In that view, the whole estate in remainder, being dependent upon the termination of the particular estate for life, and vestingat that. time and not before, would be in legal effect an equitable contingent remainder to the grandchildren then living, and the issue then living of grandchildren theretofore deceased, as one class.
In behalf of other defendants it was contended that the remainder in fee expectant upon the estate for life vested immediately in the grandchildren living at the death of the testator, opened to'let in afterborn grandchildren, and vested in them successively at birth, and would be divested as to the shares of those grandchildren only who sh6uld die, leaving children, before the determination of the life estate, by force of the direc-

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
tion that such children should take those shares. In this view, all the grandchildren took a vested remainder in fee; and the gift over to the children of any deceased grandchild, inasmuch as it did not depend upon any precedent particular estate, but was by way of substitution for the devise in fee to that grandchild, was an executory devise.
For many reasons, not the least of which are that testators usually have in mind the actual enjoyment rather than the technical ownership of their property, and that sound policy as well as practical convenience requires that titles should be vested at the earliest period, it has long been a settled rule of construction in the courts of England and America that estates, legal or equitable, given by will, should always be regarded as vesting immediately, unless the testator has by very clear words manifested an intention that they should be contingent upon a future event.
In the will before us, the testator directs the income to be divided annually, in specified and changing proportions, among his five children living at his death and their children, until the youngest grandchild comes of age. He gives no part of the income to children of grandchildren. He gives the fee, when the youngest grandchild comes of age, to the grandchildren and the children of deceased grandchildren. His general-intent clearly is to give the income of the estate to the children and grandchildren so long as any grandchild is under age, and the principal to the issue of the five children, whether such issue are his grandchildren or his great-grandchildren.
If all the children and grandchildren should die before any grandchild should come of age, the distribution of the income would necessarily cease. In that event, if any of the grandchildren dying under age should leave children, the effect of holding the remainder to be contingent upon the coming of age of the youngest grandchild would, as that contingency had never happened, cut off the great-grandchildren from any share in the estate, in direct cbntravention of the general intent of the testator. The more reasonable inference is, that upon the determination of the life estate by the death of all children and grandchildren, for whose benefit it was created, the great-

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
grandchildren would be immediately entitled to the remainder. Ca8tle v. Eate2 7 Beav. 296; Afansfield v. Dugard, Gilb. Eq. ,36; S. C. 1 Eq. Cas. Ab. 195, pl.4. Upon that construction, the contingency contemplated must necessarily happen at some time, either by the arrival of the youngest grandchild at twenty-one years of age, or by the death of all the grandchildren under age; and the case would come within the settled rule that "where a remainder is so limited as to take effect in possession, if ever, immediately upon the determination of a particular estate, which estate is t9 determine by an event which must unavoidably happen by the effiux of time, the remainder vests in interest as soon as the remainderman is in ese and ascertained; provided nothing but his own death before the determination of the particular estate will prevent such remainder from vesting in possession." Doe v. Considine, 6 Wall. 458,476 ; _Moore v. Lyon8, 25 Wend. 119, 144; Blanchard v. Blanchard,1 Allen, 223, 227.
The terms in which the testator has expressed his intention likewise point to a vesting of the remainder in all his grandchildren.
The only gift of real estate in remainder to grandchildren is contained in the opening words of the eighteenth clause, by which the testator directs that "after the decease of all my children now living, and when and as soon as the youngest grandchild shall arrive at the age of twenty-one years," the lands "shall be inherited and equally divided between my grandchildren per capita, the lawful issue of my said sons and daughters," in fee.
This gift is not to such grandchildren only as shall be living at the expiration of the particular estate; but it is to "my grandchildren per capita, the-lawful issue of my said sons and daughters," words of description appropriate to designate all such grandchildren.
At the expiration of the particular estate, the lands are to be "inherited and equally divided" among the grandchildren, and "in like manner" the stocks are to" be "equally divided" among them. The real estate and the personal property are clearly to go to the same persons and at the same time.

880

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.

Opinion of the Court

The word "inherited " (which is applied to the real estate only) implies taking immediately froim the testator upon his death, as heirs take immediately from their ancestor upon his *death. Devises or bequests in remainder, by the use of similar words, though preceded, as in this case, by the word "then," have been often held to be vested from the death of the testator. -Bullock v. Downes, 9 H. L. Ca'. 1; .Hortimorev. Iortimore,4 App. Cas. 448; Parkerv. Converse, 5 Gray, 336; Dove v. Torr, 128 Mass. 38. The case of Twrndike v. Loring, 15 Gray, 391, cited for the defendants, is clearly distinguished by the fact that there the bequest of the principal'at the expiration of fifty years was confined to "those who would then be my lawful heirs and entitled to my estate if I had then died intestate."
The words "and equally divided per capita," while they qualify the effect of the word "inherited" so far as to prevent a taking by the grandchildren per 8t1ir)e8 as under the statute of descents, also plainly indicate a vested remainder. Words directing land to be conveyed to or divided among remaindermen after the termination of a 'particular estate are always presumed, unless clearly controlled by other provisions of the will, to relate to the beginning of enjoyment by the remaindermen, and not to the vesting of the title in them. For instance, under a devise of an estate, legal or equitable, to the testator's children for life, and to be divided upon or after their, death among his grandchildren in fee, the grandchildren living at the death of the testator take a vested remainder at once, subject to open and let in afterborn grandchildren; although the number of grandchildren who will take, and consequently the proportional share of each, cannot of course be ascertained until the determination of the particular estate by the death of their pareuts. Doe v. Considine,6 Wall. 458 ; Cropleyv. Cooper, 19 Wall. 167; Dingley v. Dingley, 5 Mass. 535; Doe v. Provoost, 4 Johns. 61; Lintom v. Laycock, 33 Ohio St. 128; Doe v. Perry, 3 T. R. 484; .Randoll v. Doe, 5 Dow, 202. So a direction that personal property shall be divided at the expiration of an estate for life creates a vested interest. Shattuck v. Stedman, 2 Pick. 468; HraZlifax v. Wilson, 16 Yes. 168; _In

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
re Bennett'8 Tr t, 3 K. & J. 280; Strother v. Dutton, 1 DeG. & Jon. 675.
The remainder, being vested according to the legal meaning of the words of gift, is not to be held contingent by virtue of subsequent provisions of the will, unless those provisions necessarily require it. The subsequent provisions of this will had other objects.
The direction that if any grandchild shall have died before the final division, leaving children, they shall take and receive .per8tirpe the share of the estate, both real and personal, which their parent would have been entitled to have and receive if then living, was evidently intended merely to provide for children of a deceased grandchild, and not to define the nature, as vested or contingent, of the previous general gift to the grandchildren; and its only effect upon that gift is to divest the share of any grandchild deceased leaving issue, and to vest that share in such issue. Smithers v. TFillocek, 9 Ves. 233; Goodier v. ohnson, 18 Ch. D. 441; Darling v. Blanchard, 109 Mass. 176; 1 Jarman on Wills (4th ed.) 870.
The addition, in the eighteenth clause of the .will, of the provisions that any assignment, mortgage or pledge by any grandchild of his share shall be void, and that the executors, in the final partition and distribution, shall convey and pay to the persons entitled under the will, rather tends to show that the testator considered the estate to be vested, and to be in danger of being alienated but for these provisions; and, whatever their legal effect may be, they cannot be construed as making a remainder contingent, which the terms of the previous gift, and the general intent of the testator, as appearing from the whole will, require to be vested. Hall v. Tufts, I8 Pick. 455.
For these reasons, we are of opinion that the will purports to devise to all the grandchildren _per capita, children of the five surviving children of the testator, a vested remainder in fee; and to the children per 8ti pes of any grandchildren deceased before the arrival of the youngest grandchild at twentyone years of age, a similar estate in fee by way executory devise.
II. To come within the rule of the common law against per-

382

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.

Opinion of the Court.

petuities, the estate, legal or equitable, granted or devised, must be one which, according to the terms of the grant or devise, is to vest upon the happening of a contingency which may by possibility not take place within a life or lives in being (treating a child in its mother's womb as in being) and twenty-one years afterwards.
In the case at bar, as the youngest granclcmla musu De m being in the lifetime of his parent, and that parent was born in the.testator's lifetime, the devise to the grandchildren, and even the devise over, upon the arrival of the youngest grandchild at twenty-one years of age, to the children of any grandchild deceased before that time, must necessarily take effect, as to every devisee, within a life or lives in being and twenty-one years afterwards, and therefore do not violate the yule of the conmon law; and it is unnecessary to consider whether that rule is in force in"Ohio.
The statute of Ohio of December 17, 1811, in force at the making of this will and at the testator's death, imposed different restrictions upon grants .and devises of real estate, by enacting that "no estate in fee simple, fee tail, or any lesser estate, in lands or tenements lying within this State, shall be given or granted by deed or will to any person or persons, but such as are in being, or to the immediate issue or descendants of such as-are in being, at the time of making such deed or will." 2 Chase's Statutes, 762.
It was assumed at the argument, and can hardly be doubted, that in'this statute the words "the time of making such deed or will," which, as applied to a deed, designate the time both of its execution and of its taking effect, denote, as applied to a will, the time when it takes effect by the death of the testator, and not the date of its formal execution. By the law of England, the question of remoteness depends upon the state of facts at the time of the testator's death, though differing from that existing at the date of the will. Williams v. Teale, 6 Hare, 239, 251; Cattlin v. Brown, 11 Hare, 372, 382; Lewis on Perpetuities, Supplt. 53-60, 64; 1 Jarman on Wills, 254.
Under the common-law rule against perpetuities, a devise to a class, some members of which may possibly not take within the

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
prescribed period, is wholly void. leake v. Robinson, 2 Meriv. 363; Peark8 v. .Moseley, 5 App. Cas. 114. But that is because, as observed by Sir William Grant, "it is the period of vesting, and not the description of the legatees, that produces the incapacity," and the devise is not "to some individuals who are, and to some who are not, capable of taking." 2 Meriv. 388, 390. The rule of the common law, by which an estate devised must at all events vest within a life or lives in being and twenty-one years afterwards, has reference to time and not to persons. Even the "life or lives in being" have no reference to the persons who are to take, for the testator is allowed to select, as the measure of time, the lives of any persons now in existence; and the "twenty-one years afterwards" are not regulated by the birth or the coming of age of any person, for they begin, not with a birth, but with a death, and are twentyone years in gross, without regard to the life, or to the coming of age, of any person soever. Cadell v. Palmer, 1 01. & Fin. 372; S. 0. 7 Bligh N. IR. 202.
It is doubtful, to say the least, whether the like effect can be attributed to the statute of Ohio, which has no reference to time, and only avoids devises to persons who are not either in being theinselves, or the immediate issue or immediate descendants of persons in being, at the time of the making of the will. The devise of their parent's share to the children of any grandchild deceased before the time of division would seem to be valid as to those great-grandchildren whose parent, a grandchild of the testator, was living at the time of his death, because they would be "immediate issue" of a person in being at that time; and valid also to any great-grandchildren, whose parent, though born after the testator's death, had died before their grandparent, a child of the testator, because they would be, if not "immediate issue," certainly "immediate descendants," of that child, who was in being at that time; and invalid as to those great-grandchildren only, whose parent (as in the case of Mrs. Madeira, daughter of the testator's child Mary Trimble), born since' the testator's death, died after their grandparent, and who, therefore, by, reason of 'the interposition of the life of their parent, were neither "immediate issue" nor "immediate

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Qinion of the Court.
descendants" of a person in being when the testator died. See Sevenson v. Evans, 10 Ohio St. 307; Turley v. Turkly, 11 Ohio St. 173.
But, however that may be,the conclusion, already announced, that the estate in remainder devised by Duncan McArthur was vested in all his grandchildren _er capita, with an executory devise over of the shares of those only who should die, leaving issue, before the final division, removes all difficulty in the application of the statute to the shares devised to the plaintiffs, grandchildren of the testator; for the devise to grandchildren, immediate issue of persons in being at the making of the will, was clearly not prohibited by the statute; and, even under the English rule, the executory devise over of the shares of deceased grandchildren to their children, if void for remoteness, would not defeat the previous valid devise of a vested remainder to the grandchildren, nor alter the share which each living grandchild would take. Catlin v. Brown, 11 Hare, 372; Lord Selborne, in Pecrks v. MHoselay, 719, 724, 725; Goodier v. Johnson, 18 Oh. D. 441.
The necessary conclusion is that these plaintiffs, being grandchildren of the testator, took equitable vested remainders under his will. But until the determination of the particular estate by the death of all the testator's children and the arrival at the age of twenty-one years of the youngest grandchild who reached that age, the legal estate in fee being in the executors, the grandchildren owning the equitable estate in remainder had no right to a conveyance of the legal title. The present bill, filed little more than a year after one of the plaintiffs, who was the youngest grandchild of the testator who lived to the age of twenty-one years, arrived at that age, must therefore be maintained, unless the title of the plaintiffs under the will of their grandfather has been defeated by the decree rendered in 1839, setting aside the will.
III. The proceedings relating to the will of Duncan McArthur were had under the statute of Ohio of February 18, 1831, the material provisions of which are as follows:
By section 7, a will bequeathing or devising any personal property or real estate may be brought by the executors, or by

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.

385

Opinion of the Court.

any person interested therein, before the Court of Common Pleas, and the testimony of the, attesting witnesses reduced to writing, and if it shall thereupon appear that the will was duly executed, and that the testator was of full age and of sound mind and memory, aid not under any restraint, the court shall order the will, together with the proof so taken, to be recorded. By section 13, the will is to be recorded in every county in which there is any land devised. By, secti6n 16, if the executor named in any will dies or refuses to act, or if no executor is named therein, the court may receive the probate of the will and grant letters of administration with the will annexed. The statute also contains the following sections:
"Sxa. 20. If any person interested shall, within two years after probate had. appear, and by bill in chancery contest the validity of the will, an issue shall" be made up, whether the writing produced be the last will of the testator or testatrix or not; which shall be tried, by a jury, whose verdict shall be final between the parties, saving to the court the power of granting a new trial, as in other cases; but if no person appear in that time, the probate shall be forever binding; saving also to infants, married women, and persons absent from the State, or of insane mind or in captivity, the like period after the removing of their respective disabilities."
"S=or. 22. Appeals may be had from the decision of the Court of Common Pleas to the Supreme Court, when any will or other matter relating thereto shall have been contested." 3 Chase's Statutes, 1786-1788.
The forms of procedure, thus prescribed with regard to the original probate of a will and the subsequent setting aside of the probate, are in some respects peculiar, and their effect has been fully defined by decisions of the Supreme Court of Ohio.
The original probate on the testimony of the attesting witnesses, under section 7,is analogous to the probate in England in common form. The subsequent proceeding by bill in equity, under section 20, to contest the validity of the will, is analogous to the probate in solemn form by the executor upon being cited in by the next of kin ; and the jurisdiction exercised by the court and jury is virtually that of a court of probate.
VOL. 0=-25

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
Both stages of the proceedings extend to the real estate as well as to the personal property, differing in this respect from the former English probates. Upon the subsequent contest, as upon the original probate, the only issue is will or no will, and the court has not the powers of a court of construction, and has no authority to pass upon the question whether the devises in the will are void for remoteness. Afear8 v. MAearq, 15 Ohio St. 90.
The form of issue being prescribed by the statute, no answer is necessary, and if one is filed, it cannot be read at the trial of the issue. Green v. Green, 5.Ohio, 278. The position of the parties on the record, as plaintiffs or defendants, is immaterial; all are actors; and if some of the heirs are made plaintiffs and some defendants, all have an equal right to contest the will. Runyan v.'Price,15 Ohio St. 1, 6; Bradford v. Andrew8, 20 Ohio St. 208, 220.
The bill in equity is so far in the nature of an appeal from the original probate, that the same issue is to be tried anew. Bfaynes v. Hfaynes, 33 Ohio St. 598, 618. But, strictly speaking, it is an original proceeding on the chancery side of the Court of Common Pleas, and does not, until final decree, vacate or affect the probate. "The statutory contest of a will lacks the essential elements of an appeal, It has not the same parties as in the court below. In the latter, in fact, it is purely exparte,while in the Common Pleas it is interpartes." Bradford v. Andrews, 20 Ohio St. 222. The original probate cannot be impeached, except in the form of proceeding given by the statute. Swazey v. Blackman, 8 Ohio, 5, 19; Bailey v. Bailey, 8 Ohio, 239, 246; Mosier v. Harmon, 29 Ohio St. 220. Even while such a proceeding is pending, and until set aside by the final decree therein, the probate is conclusive evidence of the validity of the will, as against all persons, in a collateral suit. Brown v. Burdick, 25 Ohio St. 260.
In a proceeding under the statute to contest the validity of a will, it is error to render final judgment upon a demurrer to the answer; because theprovision of the statute, requiring an issue to be made up and tried by a jury, is imperative in its terms, and "was deliberately enacted with a view to prevent

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
a disposition of cases for the contest of wills upon the mere consent or acquiescence of parties in any form." Walker v. Walker, 14 Ohio St. 157, 176.
If a bill to contest the validity of a will is seasonably filed by an infant heir who is within the saving clause of the statute, and there is no defect of parties defendant, and the instrument is found to be no will, the proper decree is to annul the whole order of probate. .Aeese v. Kelfe, 10 Ohio, 362. But persons claiming under the will admitted to probate, who are not made defendants to the bill to set it aside, are not bound, or their rights affected, by the decree upon that bill; and may treat it as a nullity, and maintain actions, against any one claiming under it, for lands devised to them by the will as originally admitted to probate. Holt v. lamb, 17 Ohio St. 374.
The case of Holt v. Lamb, just referred to, decided in 186"7, has so important a bearing on the case at bar that it will be appropriate to state it with some fulness. Sarah Stevenson devised land to her brother George for life, and after his death to be sold and divided between his four daughters, and appointed him her executor. Upon a bill in chancery filed under the statute against him and another brother by the other brothers and sisters and heirs at law of the testatrix (to which those daughters, the devisees in remainder, were not made parties), alleging'that the will was not duly executed and that the testatrix was of unsound mind, and an answer filed by him denying these allegations, the court, in 1826, without framing or submitting any issue to a jury, entered a decree setting aside the will. In 1827, upon a petition for partition between the brothers and sisters of the testatrix, the land was ordered to be sold, and was sold and conveyed to a stranger, who afterwards sold and conveyed it to another person. George died in 1863, and his four daughters with their husbands brought an action against the last purchaser and the heirs at law of the testatrix to recover the land.
That case was elaborately and learnedly argued, and the defence was rested on similar grounds to those taken in the case at bar. It was contended that the suit to contest the validity of the will was a proceeding in rem; that the plaintiffs were

OCTOBEIR TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
not necessary parties to it; that they were parties by representation of George Stevenson, the executor, who appeared and filed an answer in the cause, and defended their interests;. that if they should have been made parties, the omission to make them parties did not render the decree void against them, and could be availed of only by applying to the court in which that cause was pending to be made parties, or by proceedings in that court to impeach the decree for irregularity; and that they might not have been within the jurisdiction of the court and subject to its process, and after so great a ]apse of time it must be presumed that the court for good reasons declined to order them to be brought in. 17 Ohio St. 381, 382.
But the Supreme Court of Ohio, after observing that it had been expressly decided in Walker v. Walker, above cited, that the omission of a jury rendered the decree at least voidable on appeal, and that it was unnecessary to determine whether that omission rendered the decree absolutely void, gave judgment in favor of the plaintiffs, upon the ground that, not having been made parties to the bill to set aside the will, their rights under the will as originally admitted to probate were not affected by the decree, and might be asserted in this action. Judge Welch, deliverin& the opinion of the whole court, said: "But whatever effect may be given to the decree, or to the verdict of a jury in such case, we have no hesitation in saying, that that effect must be confined to 'the. parties' in the cause. The words I'ke parties,' in the section quoted, can have no other legitimate meaning than that of parties to the proceeding. This is their primary legal meaning, and that such is their import here is quite obvious, from their being used in connection with the subject of a 'bill in chancery,' which, of itself, implies proper parties. That meaning is made still more obvious from the fact, that to give the words any other meaning would do injustice, by depriving persons in interest of a day in court. The meaning cannot be partie8 in, inftreet, because such had been spoken of before as Ipeisons interested.' And in the subsequent clause, .where the effect of the probate is declared, it is said it ' shall be .forever binding,' without naming any parties upon whom it is to be so binding. If the same meaning was

?XfcARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
intended in both places, why were different forms of expression employed? Why use the words ' between the parties ' in the one case, and omit them in the other? It seems to us quite plain that it was -because the intention was to express, what, in fact, ought to be implied in all proceedings in Ichancery,' that none but 'the parties' to the proceeding were to be bound thereby." "The decree setting aside the will, if binding at all, was binding only 'between, the parties;' and it binds those parties by way of estcyyel. Although the will may be, infaa4 a lawful, valid will, the parties to the decree axe estopped by it from aemerting or proving it to be such will. But the plaintiffs axe not so estopped. As to them, it is a valid and subsisting will. They are still estopped by the probate from denying that it is such will. It is to them as though the chancery case had never been commenced. Their rights stand wholly unaffected by the proceeding." 17 Ohio St. 385-387.
In Bradfordv. Andrews, above referred to, decided in 1870, it was held that where a proceeding to contest the validity of a will was commenced, within the statutory period of limitation, by some of the heirs only, the right of action was saved to other heirs who were ultimately made parties, and who by their answers joined in the prayer to set aside the will, although they were not brought into the case until after the period of limitation had expired. In the opinion of thA 'court, also delivered by Judge Welch, it was said: "If any person interested appears, and in good faith files his petition for a contest, the statute entitles him to a trial and the verdict of a jury, touching the validity of the will; and that verdict will be binding upon all parties who may be before the court as such at the time of its rendition. The interest of the parties is joint and inseparable. Substantially this is a proceeding in rem, and the court cannot take jurisdiction of the subject matter by fractions. The will is indivisible, and the verdict of the jury either establishes it as a whole, or whblly sets it aside. To save the right of action, therefore, to one is necessarily to save it to all. The case belongs to that class of actions where the law is compelled either to hold the rights of all parties in interest to be saved, or all to be barred."

uOTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
It is contended by the defendants in the present-6ase that this decision is inconsistent with that in Holt v. Lamb. But we perceive, no inconsistency. Apart from the improbability that the court, speaking by the same judge as in Holt v. Zamb, only three years before, intended to overrule or to cast a doubt upon that case without mentioning it, the observation in the first sentence of the statement relied on, that the "verdict will be binding upon all parties who may be before the court as such at the time of its rendition," as well as the further explicit affirmation, already quoted, that the proceeding to set aside the will "is inter Partes," clearly shows that the court had no thought of holding that any one, claiming under the will once adujitted to probate, was bound by the decree setting it aside, who had not been made a party to the suit in which it was rendered. 20 Ohio St. 219, 222.
In Reformed Presbyterian Jhurck v. TVMelson, 35 Ohio St. 638, decided in 1880, in a proceeding by heirs at law, under the statute, to contest the validity of a will, the executors and all the devisees and legatees were made defendants, except one person to whom the will gave a silver watch; and it was held that the omission to make this legatee a party, before trying the issue and rendering the decree setting aside the will, was error, for which those who had been made defendants and taken part in the trial might obtain a reversal of the decree, although the objection was not taken below. The court said: "It is the duty of the plaintiff, instituting a suit to settle a controversy, to see that the necessary parties are brought before the court." 'And after referring, without intimating any doubt of the correctness of the decision therein, to Holt v. Lamb, as a case in which no question arose as to the decree being reversible in error, but the effect of the decree was drawn in question in a collateral suit, and in which it was held that the parties to the suit in which the decree was rendered were bound by the decree, and it was not void as to them, but that as to all other persons in interest the decree was void; the court observed that "as it was held to be void as to some of the persons in interest and binding as to others, in respect to the same property, it would seem to be necessarily erroneous

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
as to the parties to the suit;" and referred to the decision of the Court of Appeals of Kentucky in Singleton v. Singleton, 8 B. Monroe, 340, 356, as taking a different view of'the effect of such a decree, and holding that the verdict must be binding upon all interested in the will, or not binding upon any, and yet recognizing the .absence of a necessary party to the decree to be ground for its reversal on error. 35 Ohio St. 642644.
The decision of the Supreme Court of Ohio in Holt v. Iamh, eighteen years ago, recognized by the same court thirteen years afterwards in Reformed Ppesbyterian (iurok v. 3Telson, as establishing.that under the statute of Ohio a decree setting aside a will was void as against all persons in interest who were not parties to the suit in which it was rendered, and never impugned or doubted in that State, must, upon a question of the construction of a statute of Ohio, the effect of the will of a citizen of Ohio admitted to probate in Ohio, and the title of land in that State, be accepted by this court as conclusive evidence of the law of Ohio, even if a different construction has been given to similar statutes by the courts of other States. AfcKeen v. Delancy, 5 Craunch, 22; Polk v. W'endall, 9 Cranch, 87; Thatcher v. Powell, 6 Wheat. 119; _Elmendorf v. Taylor, 10 Wheat. 152; Suydam v. Williamson, 24 How. 427; Christy v. Pridgeon,4 Wall. 196; VTilliams v. JHirtland,13 Wall. 306. It is therefore unimportant to consider how far the terms of the statutes of other States, construed by the courts of those States in the cases cited by the defendants, corresponded to *thoseof the statute of Ohio.
The case of Fraser v. Jennison, 106 U. S.191, arose under a wholly different statute of the State of Michigan, providing for an ordinary appeal, which vacated the original probate; and the point decided by this court, in accordance with decisions of the Supreme Court.of Michigan, was that on such an appeal, although taken by the heirs at law separately, the validity of the will was a single issue, as regarded all the parties who appeared and contested it.
The general rule in equity, in accordance with the fundamental principles of justice, is that all persons interested in the

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
object of a suit, and whose rights will be directly affected by the decree, must be made parties to the suit. Exceptions to this rule have been admitted, from considerations of necessity or of paramount convenience, when some of the persons interested are out of the jurisdiction, or not in being, or when the persons interested are too numerous to be all brought in. But in every case there must be such parties before the court as to insure a fair trial of the issue in behalf of all.
The plaintiffs in the present case, being as yet unborn, could not, of course, have been made actual parties to the suit in which the decree setting aside the will of their grandfather was rendered; and the question remaining to be considered is, whether there was such a virtual representation of .their interests, that they are bound by the decree. This question cannot be satisfactorily or intelligibly treated without first recapitulating the facts.
The will was originally admitted to probate on the testimony of the attesting witnesses; letters testamentary were issued to the two surviving executors of the three named in the will, and to Mrs. Coons, a daughter of the testator, appointed by the Court of Probate, pursuant to the provisions of the will, in the place of the one who died before the testator; and the three executors so appointed were qualified and gave'bond, and took upon themselves the executorship.
The bill in equity to contest the validity of the will was filed by Allen C. McArthur, one of the five surviving children and heirs at law of the testator, and afterwards the father of these plaintiffs. The defendants in that bill were the testator's four other surviving children and heirs at law, namely, James McD. McArthur, Mrs. Coons, Mrs. Anderson and Mrs. Trimble, and the husbands of Mrs. Anderson and Mrs. Trimble; all the children who had then been born of those four children of the testator, and who were all then under age, namely, three children of James McD. McArthur, one child of Mrs. Coons, one child of Mrs. Anderson, and one child, born pending the suit, of Mrs. Trimble; the son, daughter, and son-in-law of Mrs. Kercheval, a deceased daughter of the testator; the husband and three sons of Mrs. Bourne, another deceased daughter of the

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
testator; and Samson Mason and Samuel F. Vinton, as devisees in trust of lands not now in question.
The joinder, as defendants in that suit, of Mrs. Kercheval§ and Mrs. Bourne's children, and of Mason and Vinton, trustees, is unimportant, and may be laid out of consideration; because 'the will gave to those children no estate in lands, in fee or for life, legal or equitable; and Mason and Vinton refused to accept their trust, and by answer formally disclaimed all interest in the lands devised to them.
No executor and general trustee under the will was made a defendant in the capacity of executor and trustee. The three executors who had previously qualified and acted had resigned, and their. resignations had been accepted by the Court of Probate; two of them a few days before the bill was filed, and the third while it was pending; and no successor of either, and
no administrator with the will annexed, was appointed. The only parties to that suit, then, so far a is material to the
question before us, were a son and heir at law of the testator, as complainant, and the other four children and heirs at law, and -the grandchildren then in being, each a minor child of one of those four children, as defendants. The bill alleged that these were the only persons specified in the will or having an interest in it, and were the only heirs and personal representatives of the testator. That all the heirs at law were before the court is true, for the five children (with the Kercheval and Bourne grandchildren) were the heirs at law. But, according to the will, the children, as well as the grandchildreh, took merely equitable interests. To none of them was any legal title devised. The five present plaintiffs, children of the complainant in that suit, as well as the children afterwards born of the testator's other surviving children, all grandchildren of the testator, and entitled under the will to share with his other grandchildren, were not parties, and, being yet unborn, could not be personally made parties. And although the testator, to secure the interests of all his children and grandchildren, under the will, and, as he declared, to .prevent them from being defrauded or imposed -ugpon, had devised the legal title in fee to his executors and their successors, and committed

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
to them the execution of the trusts which he created, yet no personal representative of the testator, no executor or trustee appointed under the will, and no administrator with the will annexed, was a party to the proceeding at the time of the trial of the issue and the rendering of the final decree setting aside the will and annulling the probate.
The only parties to that proceeding, who were of age and capable of representing themselves, were the heirs at law, interested to set aside the will, and one of whom, afterwards father of the present plaintiffs, filed the bill for that purpose. The guardian ad litem, appointed to represent the opposing interest, under the will, of each minor giandchild then in being, was either its parent, interested as an heir-at law, and as a party to the suit in his own right, to defeat the will, or was the husband of such a parent and heir at law. Each of the persons so appointed confessed in the answer filed in his own behalf all the allegations of the bill, and in his answer as guardian neither admitted nor denied those allegations. All the appointments of the guardians ad Utem were made, all the answers were filed, and the issue to the jury was ordered, in that suit, and the resignation of the sole remaining executrix (who was also one of the'heirs at law and guardians ad litem) was tendered and accepted .in the court of probate, on one andthe same day, within a week before the verdict and final decree.
The charges, made in the present bill, of actual fraud and 'conspiracy in procuring that decree, having been denied in the answers, and the plaintiffs, by setting down the case for hearing upon bill and answers, having admitted the truth of all statements of fact in the answers, must be taken to be disprov'ed. Those who took part in obtaining that decree may have thought that they were doing the best thing for all persons interested in the estate. But it is impossible to read the record of that base without being satisfied that the verdict and decree were entered without any real contest, and that the heirs at law, whose interest it was to set aside the will, in fact controlled both sides u the controversy: the attack upon the will, as heirs and a parties in their own right; the defence of the will, as guardians ad litem of the only devisees brought before the court.

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
The appointment of persons, having adverse interests, to be guardians ad litem of the grandchildren then living and made parties defendant, may, so far as those parties were concerned, have been a mere irregularity in the mode of proceeding, for which they could not afterwards collaterally impeach the decree. Colt v. Colt, 111 U. S. 566. But neither the living grandchildren, nor the guardians appointed to represent them, could represent the estate devised by the testator to his executors in trust for unborn grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
In suits affecting the rights of residuary legatees or of next of kin, the general rule is that "allthe members of the class must be made parties. Davoue v. -Fanning4, Johns. Ch. 199; Dehart v. Dehart,2 H. W. Green (N. J.) 471; Hawkins v. Hawkin8, 1 Hare, 543, 545 and note; Calvert on Parties (2d ed.), 49, 237. Where they are numerous, and only some of them, together with the executor and trustee under the will, are made parties, the court, upon being satisfied that it has a sufficient number before it to secure a fair trial of the question at issue, may hear the cause. Bradwin v. Harpur, Ambler, 374; Harvey v. Harvey, 4 Beav. 215, and 5 Beav. 134. But it would seem that the decree must be without prejudice to the rights of those who are not made parties, and who do not come in before the decree. Harvey v. Harvey, 5 Beav. 139; Willats v. Bmu8by, 5 Beav. 193, 200; Powell v. J5ight,7 Beav. 444, 450; Calvert on Parties, -72; Hallett v. Hallett, 2 Paige, 15; Rule 48 in Equity, 1 How. lvi. And where a suit is brought by or against a few individuals as representing a numerous class, that fact must be alleged of record, so as to present to the court the question whether sufficient parties are before it to properly represent the rights of all. _,an chester v. :Thonq8on, 5 Madd. 4, 13; Calvert on Parties, 44, 169.
In the proceeding to contest the validity of Duncan McArthur's will, on the contrary, so far from the attention of the court being called to any such question, it was positively alleged in the bill, and'not contradicted in any of the answers, that those named as parties in the bill were the only persons specified in that will, and the only persons having an interest in it. Under the Ohio statute .and decisions, the court had

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
nothing to do with the construction or the legal effect of the provisions of the will, but had only to try the question of will or no will as between the parties -before it, and with no effect upon the rights f those not made patties. The rights of those infant grandchildren who were made defendants, to show cause against the decree, were saved by the express tefus of the statute and of the decree itself until their coming of age and for six -months 4fterwards; and no-provision was made for the preservation of the ights of after-born grandchildren.
But the graver objection is that at the time of renderihg the decree the court had before it no one representing the office of the executors, or the trust estate devised to them.
A trustee who has large powers over the trust estate, and important duties to perform with respect to it, is a necessary party to a suit brought by a stranger to aefeat the trust, and often sufficiently represents the beneficiaries. Calvert on Parties, 273; .Kerr8.onv.Swart,93 U. S. 155, 160; Campbell v. Watson, 8 Ohio, 498. Where such a trustee for a married woman was not made a party, Mr. Justice Miler, delivering the judgment of this court reversing the decree, said: " H ow the decree can clear the property of this trust without having the trustee before the court it is difficult to see. This was the object of the suit; but how can it be mide effectual for that purpose in the absence of the person in whom the title is vested?" O'HIarav. .acConnl,,93 U. S.150, 154.
When a will has been once admitted to probate, the estate, so long as the probate remains unrevoked, can only be administered by the executor or by an administrator with the will annexed. The executor is the principal and the necessary representative of the estate vested in him, and of all those interested ii it; "the executor," said Lord Hardwicke, "in all cases sustaining the person of the testator, to defend the estate for him, creditors and legatees." Peacock v. .onk, 1 Yes. Sen. 127, 131. By the settled doctrine of the English ecclesiastical courts, in any proceeding to contest the probate or the rejection of a will, dr to compel probate in solemn form, the executor is a necessary party, and, unless fraud or collusion is suggested, the only party to represent the will. The executor, in the words

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
of Sir John -Kicholl, "prima facie is to be considered as pars principdi or legitimu contradictor;" Wood v. XAedley, 1 Hagg. Eccl. 64:5, 668; and, as observed by Sir Herbert Jenner, "represents and is the protector of the legatees. under the will, being specially entrusted by the deceased with the care and management of his property and to see his intentions carried into effect." Hayle v. la8ted, 1 Curt. EceL 236, 240, 241. When there has been a probate in common form and there is no executor, the administrator with the will annexed is the proper party to be cited to prove the will in solemn form or to show cause why an intestacy should not be declared. Gacoyre v. Chandler, 2 Cas. temp. Lee, 241.
By the devise in fee to these executors, their appointment by the Court of Probate, and their acceptance of the trust, the legal title in the real, estate under the will vested in them. The subsequent acceptance by that court of their resignation of the office of executors no doubt discharged them from the performance of the duties of executors and trustees under the will. But the legal title in the real estate, which had once vested in them, could not be divested without a conveyance, or a decree of a court of chancery, or an appointment by the Court of Probate of new executors and trustees in accordance with the will. At common law, a conveyance, sanctioned or ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction, or at least a new appointment pursuant to the instrument by which the trust was created, would be necessary to divest the title of each trustee; and no statute or decision in Ohio, establishing a different rule in this respect, has been brought to our notice. The three executors and trustees who had once accepted and acted as such, therefore, still held the legal title. In re Van Wyco, 1 Barb. Oh. 565, 570; Drury v. Nztick, 10 Allen, 169, 183; Vooldridge v. Planters' Bank,, 1 Sneed,.296; 2 Washburn on Real Property (4th Pd.) 512, 513. And as holders of that title they were necessary parties to the suit. Adam8 v. _Paynter, 1 Collyer, 530, 534.
But even if the mere legal title could be deemed, upon the acceptance by the Court of Probate of the resignation of two of the executors and trustees, to have vested in the remaining

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
one, Mrs. Coons, and upon the acceptance of her resignation to have vested in the heirs at law, the more serious difficulty remains. The heirs did not succeed to the office of executors, and neither Mrs. Coons after her resignation, nor all the heirs, could represent the testator's will, or the trust created by it, or the beneficiaries of that trust. The heirs were not alleged in the bill to be trustees, were not made parties as trustees, did not answer as trustees; but were actors in support of their individual rights only, asserting, one of them by allegations in his bill, and the others by confession in their answers of those allegations, a title adverse to the will and to the trusts created by it.
The resignation, of the persons who had been appointed executors and trustees did not dispense with the presence of representatives of the testator and of the trust estate. It was necessary that others should be appointed in their stead to represent the estate devised to the executors in trust for the protection of the cestui ue trust designated in the will, and especially the interests of those who might be born in the future, and who could not be otherwise sufficiently represented.
No additional force is given to the decree, rendered without having any such representatives before the court, by the allegation in that bill that no persons could be found whom the court was willing to appoint executors and who were able to give the requisite bonds, or by the allegation in the answer of Mrs. Coons that one reason for her resignation of the office of executrix was the impossibility of procuring suitable associates. Those were wholly irrelevant allegations, which the court, sitting in chancery to try the single issue of the validity'of the will, had no authority to pass upon, or to assume to be true. The power and-the duty, upon any vacancy in the office of executors ,or-ustees under a will, to appoint new executors or trustees, or.administrators with the will annexed, was in the court acting strictly as a court of probate. Statutes of Ohio
of March 12, 1831, § 22, and February 18, 1831, § 16, 25 ; 3
Chase's Statutes, 1779, 1787, 1788. The alleged impossibility of finding proper persons to- accept the, office of executors

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.

399

Opinion of the Court.

affords no more excuse for holding a decree binding upon persons not otherwise represented, than it would for disregarding a Nill which had been admitted to probate, and settling the estate as if the deceased had died intestate.
Nor can we doubt that the court, in the exercise of the appropriate branch of its jurisdiction, might in its discretion have granted administration limited to the single object of defending the will and the probate against the bill in equity of the heirs. Courts vested with the jurisdiction of granting letters testamentary and of administration have the inherent power of granting a limited administration, whenever it is necessary for the purposes of justice; as, for instance, durante minore mtate, while the executor named in the will is under age; durante absentia,when he is out of the jurisdiction and therefore has not taken out letters testamentary; or ad litem, to defend a suit in chancery while the probate of a will is under contest; and the powers exercised by the English courts in this respect
appertain to the courts of like jurisdiction in this country, although not specified in the statutes under which they act. Davi8 v. Chanter,2 Phillips, 545, 550, 551 ; 1 Williams on Executors
(7th ed.) 479, 502, 523, 524; GriJflth v. Frazier,8 Cranch, 9, 26; Yfartin v. Dry Dock Co., 92 N. Y. 70; 3Ic3airy v. Bell, 6 Yerger, 302; Jordanv. Polk, 1 Sneed, 429, 434,
These defendants rely on Andrews v. Andrews, 7 Ohio St. 143, as showing that to a bill in equity by the heirs at law under the Ohio statute to set aside a will which has been admitted to probate, the executors are not necessary parties. But in that case, a will bequeathing the bulk of the testator's property to certain charitable corporations having been set aside upon a bill by the heirs against the executors and the residuary legatees, the only point decided was that the executors were not bound to assume the burden of the defence, or entitled to charge the expense thereof to the estate; and the court, in delivering judgment, said that, in analogy to ordinary cases in chancery, it had been the general, and perhaps uniform, practice to make the executors, &swell as legatees and devisees, parties defendant, and that, "granting the propriety, and even the necessity, of the practice," it did not follow that the execu-

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
tor was therefore bound to take upon himself the burden of the contest.- 7 Ohio St. 151. The court thus recognized, what is indeed self-evident, that the question whether the executor is bound to make an active defence at the expense of the estate is wholly different from the question whether he must be made a party, and so have an opportunity to defend the interests which he represents. In later cases in that State, the practice of making the executor a party has been followed, and it has never been intimated that his presence could be dispensed with, although he has been held not to be of himself a sufficient representative of the devisees and legatees to make the decree binding on them. Hole v. Lamb, 17 Ohio St. 374, and Be.formed Presbyterian Church v. Selson, 35 Ohio St. 638, already cited. But costs in probate cases generally rest in the discretion of the court, and are often not allowed even to the prevailing party. Summerell v. Clements, 32 Law Journal (Prob.) 33 and note; ichols v. Binn8, 1 Sw. & Tr. 239 ; .XitekeZl v. Gard, 3 Sw. & Tr. 275 ; Davies v. Gregory, L. R. 3 P. & D. 28 ; .fumper'8 Appeal, 13 W. & S. 441 ; COhica v. .iner, 112
Mass. 269. In Andrews v. Andrews, no trust was created by the will; but the bequest was outright to existing corporations, themselves parties to the suit, and capable of representing their own interests; and under such circumstances there would seem to -havebeen no reason why the executor should have incurred any expense in the matter. Dyce Sombre v. Troup, Deane, 22, 119, 120; S. C. on appeal, nom. Prinepv. Dyce Sombre, 10 Moore P. . 232, 301-305.
The cases in courts of general chancery jurisdiction, cited in behalf of the defendants, are clearly distinguishable from the case before us, and naturally range themselves in several classes.
Some of them were of mere changes of investment, leaving undiminished the interests of all parties in the property in its new form. Such were Sokier v. Williams, 1 Curtis, 479; -Faulkner v. Davis, 18 Gratt. 651; and KnottM v. Stearn, 91 U. S. 638. To the same class belong suits for partition, which are either for a division in severalty of lands before held in common, or else for a sale of the whole land, and a division or in-

McARTRUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
vestment of the proceeds for the benefit of those who, but for the sale, would have had interests in the land. In the case of a strict partition, by division of the land itself, it is sufficient to make the present owner, or, in some cases, the tenant for life of each share, a party, because the interest of those who come after him is not otherwise affected than by being changed from an estate in common to an estate in severalty. WWi v. Slade, 6 Ves. 498; Gakell v. Ga87t-l, 6 Sim. 643; (lemen8 v. Clemen8, 37 N. Y. 59 ; Calvert on Parties, 60, 259. In the case of a partition by sale of the land, and a division or investment of the proceeds according to the interests in the several shares, the interests of alt persons in the proceeds correspond to their respective interests in the land, and are secured by the decree of sale. Mead v. Mitchell, 17N. Y. 210; B"anett v. Noxon,L. R. 20 Eq. 182. But a decree for partition of either kind, which cuts off remaindermen, not then in emse, from having, when they come into being, any interest in either land or proceeds, does not bind them. Monarque v. Aonargue, 80 N. Y. 320; Downin v. Sp1recher, 35 Maryland, 474.
Another class of cases is that of creditors, who are entitled to present payment of their debts, whoever may be the future owner of the estate. For instance, in a bill to enforce a debt charged upon real estate devised to one for life, with contingent remainder to his unborn son, the executor and th6 tpnant for life are sufficient parties, because, as was said long ago by Lord flardwicke, if there is no one in whom the estate of inheritance is vested, "it is impossible to say the creditors are to remain unpaid and the trust not to be executed until a son is born. If there is no first son in being, the court must take the facts as they stand." Finek v. Finch, 2 Ves. Sen. 491; .Baylor v. Dejarnette, 13 Gratt. 152, 168. See also Goodchild .v. Terrett, 5 Beav. 398.
In some other cases, when all the interests are legal and not equitable, the owner of the first estate of freehold, representing the whole estate, and identified in interest with all who come after him, sufficiently represents those yet unborn. In the case of an estate tail, for instance, Lord Redesdale held it to be sufficient, in order to bind contingent remaindermen, to bring
To,. cxnlz--26

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
before the court the first tenant in tail (although an infant, incapable at law of barring remaindermen), And if no tenant in tail in being, the first person entitled to the inheritance, and if no such person, then the tenant for life. But the reason assigned by that great master of equity pleading was, "that where all the parties are brought before the court that can be brought before it, and the court acts on the property according to the rights that appear, without fraud, its decision must of necessity be final and conclusive." Gifard v. Iort,1 Sch. & Lef. 386, 408; Calvert on Parties, 55-60. The necessity of the case being the only reason for this, it follows that where the successive estates are equitable, and supported by a legal estate devised in trust, the trustees also are necessary parties. Hopkin v. Hopkins, West Ch. 606, 619; S. C. 1 Atk. 581, 590; Clolmondeley v. Clinton, 2 Jacob & Walker, 1, 133; fullins v. Townsend, 5 Bligh N. R. 567, 591; S. . 2 Dow & 01. 430, 438 ; Ex parte Dering,12 Sim. 400 ; Calvert on Parties, 253, 327.
So in the case of a bill in equity for the construction of a will, the court, from necessity, in order to protect the trustee and. to give proper instructiofis as to the execution of the trusts, is sometimes obliged to settle the validity and effect of contingent'limitations even to persons not in being.. But, as was said by Mr. Justice Grier in Cross v..De ialle,1 Wall. 1, 16, "It is this necessity which compels the court to make such cases exceptions to the general rule; " and, as Chancellor Walworth observed in Lorillardv. Coster, 5 Paige, 172, 215, there cited, "the executors and trustees must be considered as the legal representatives of the rights of persons not yet in eme." And they are necessary parties. -onnelay v. Balls, 6 Jur. 550. In Palmer v. Flower, L. R. 13 Eq. 250, cited for the defendapts, in which the court construed a will without bringing in a child born pending the suit, who had like interests with parties already before the court, the trustee was a party.
In the cases in which bills in equity, without an executor or administrator being made a party, have been maintained while the probate or the administration was being contested in the ecclesiastical court, the court of chancery exercised a jurisdic-

?AcARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
tion, concurrent with that of the ecclesiastical courts in appointing special administrators, for the simple purpose of preserving the property until there was some person entitled to receive it. Xbnntonwry v. Clark, 2 Atk. 378; King v. King, 6 Ves. 172 ; Atkinson v. Renshaw, 2 Ves. & B. 85 ; WVatkins v. Brent, 1 Myl. & Cr. 97; Tf-itworth v. WV7yddon, 2 ]Macn. & Gord! 52; Statute of Ohio of 'arch i2, 1831, § 8, 3 Chase's Statutes, 1777. Under like circumstances, a bill of discovery. of real assets can be maintained only to preserve a debt. Conway v. Stroude, Freem. Oh. 188; Plunket v. Pensco, 2 Atk. 51.
In a suit in which a general administration .of the assets of a deceased person is nece-.ary to the relief prayed, an allegation that a suit is pending in the ecclesiastical court for a grant of administration may prevent the bill from being held bad on demurrer; because in equity it is sufficient if administration is obtained at any time after bill filed and before a hearing upon the merits. Penny v. Watts, 2 Phillips, 149, 154; Fell v. Lutwidge, Barnard. Oh. 319, 3a0; Humphreys v. Humphreys, 3 P. Wins. 349, 351 ; Simons v. Afilman, 2 Sim. 241; Beardmore v. Gregory,2 Hem. & Mil. 491. 3ut it has been uniformly held that such a suit cannot proceed to a final decree, even when the executor is out of the jurisdiction, or no executor has been appointed, until an appointment of a personal representative has been made within the jurisdiction, by the competent court; and it appears to be settled in England that this must be a general administrator, unless the court of probate, upon application made to it for administration, insists on appointing an administrator ad litem ofily. Mitford P1. (4th ed.) 177, 178 ; Tyler v. Bell, I Keen, 826, and 2 Myl. & Cr. 89; Green v. Lane, 16 Jur. 1061; Devaynes v. Robinson, 24 'Beav. 86, 98; Cary v. Hills, L. R. 15 Eq. 79; ]?oweell v. 3foarris, L. R. 17 Eq. 20; Dowdeswell v. Dowdeseell, 9.Oh. D. 294.
In England, while the probate of wills in the ecclesiastical court was conclusive as to the personal estate only, a court of chancery, upon a bill by creditors for the sale of real estate for the payment of debts, or by beneficiaries to enforce trusts created by the will, might indeed ,render a decree as between

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
the parties before it ; and sometimes, as incident to such decree, would declare that, as between them, the will was established. But no decree establishing the will in the absence of the heir at law, even if out of the jurisdiction or not to be found, could bind him. French v. Baron, 2 Atk 120; S.C. 1 Dick. 138; Banister v. WVay, 2 Dick. 599; Smith v. Hibernian Xining Co., 1 Sch. & Lef. 238, 241; Fordham v. Bole, Tamlyn, 1, 3, and note; W[aterton v. Croft, 6 Sim. 431; Mitford P. 173; Calvert on Parties, 218-220; 1 Maddock Oh. Pract 604; Story Eq. P. § 87; Rule 50 in Equity, 1 How. Ivi.
Executors and trustees, appointed by the testator to perform the trusts of the will and to protect the interests of his beneficiaries, are as necessary parties to a proceeding to annul a probate, as the heirs at law are to a suit to establish the validity of a will. And upon a review of the cases no precedent has been found, either in a court of probate or in a court of chancery, in which a decree disallowing a will, rendered in a suit brought to set it aside, or to assert an adverse title in the estate, without making such executors, or an administrator with the will annexed, a party to the suit, has been held binding upon persons not before the court.
As under the statute of Ohio, as construed by the Supreme Court of that State, a decree annulling the probate of a will is not merely irregular and erroneous, but absolutely void, as against persons interested in the will and not parties to the decree, and as these plaintiffs were neither actually nor constructively parties to the decree setting aside the will of their grandfather, it follows that that decreer is no bar to the assertion of their rights under the will. To extend the doctrine of constructive and virtual representation, adopted by courts of equity on considerations of sound.policy and practical necessity, to a Oecree like this, in which it is apparent that there was no real representation of the interests of these plaintiffs, would be to confess that the court is powerless to do justice to suitors who have never before had a hearing.
The subsequent partition among the heirs at law, and the conveyances by them to third persons for valuable consideration, cannot affect the title of these plaintiffs. All the facts

McARTHUR v. SCOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
upon which that title depends appeared of record in judicial proceedings, of which all persons, whether claiming under or adversely to the will, were bound to take notice. The will and the original probate thereof were of record in the county in which the probate was granted. The will as there recorded showed the estate devised to these plaintiffs and to the executors in trust for them. The recording of thfe will and probate in any other county in whibh there was land devised was required for the purpose of evidence only, and not to give effect to the probate. Hall v. Aahly, 9 Ohio, 96, 99; Carpenterv. Denoon, 29 Ohio St. 379, 395. The record of the decree setting aside the will showed that neither these plaintiffs, nor any executors or successors of executors in the trust, were parties to the suit; and consequently that the plaintiffs' title under thle will, as originally admitted to probate, was not affected by that decree. The subsequent purchasers must therefore look to their vendors, and have no equity as against these plaintiffs. Even a purchaser of land sold under a decree in equity, though he is not affected by mere irregularity in the mode of proceeding against the parties to the suit in which the decree is rendered, yet, as has been observed by Lord Redesdale, and repeated by the Supreme Court of Ohio, is to see that all proper parties to be bound are before the court, and that taking the conveyance he takes a title that cannot be impeached aliundce. Bennett v. Hamnmill, 2 Sch. & Lef. 566, 577; .7fasse v. Donaldson,8 Ohio, 377, 381.
The present suit does not seek to annul or impeach a decree of a State court granting or refusing probate of a will, but to assert the title of the plaintiffs under a probate granted according to the law of the State, and Ivhich, by that law, stands unaffected, as to them, by the subsequent proceedings between other parties, and conclusively establishes their title. The case thus avoids the difficulties considered in Ellis v. Davis, 109 U. S.485, and cases there cited.
[The decree of the Circuit Court must therefore be reversed, and the case remanded for further proceedings in cowformity with this opinion.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Dissenting Opinion: Waite, C. J., Harlan, J.
MR. CHIEF JUSTICE WAITE (with whom MR. JUSTICE A RLAN
concurred), dissenting. Mr. Justice Harlan and myself are unable to agree to this
judgment. In our opinion the decree of the IRoss County Court of Common Pleas, setting aside the will of Duncan McArthur, is binding on the complainants in this case. The devise of the property in dispute was in its legal effect to a class of persons, that is to say, to the grandchildren of the testator, the lawful issue of his five surviving children, when the. youngest or last grandchild should arrive at the age of twenty-one years. If a grandchild died before the division of the estate, leaving a child or children, his or her share was to go to his or her child or children. All the childien of the testator, and all the grandchildren in being when the decree was rendered, were parties to the suit. Thus it appears that at the time of the decree all persons then in life of the class of devisees to which the complainants belong were in court and subject to its jurisdiction.
This court now decides that these grandchildren, living at the death of the testator, took in equity a vested remainder at once, subject to open and let in afterborn grandchildren. Such being the case, it seems to us that the grandchildren in whom such estate vested represented those to be born afterwards for all the purposes of a contest of the will under the Ohio statute governing that proceeding. At most, the executors and the executrix held only the naked legal title. The equitable title was in the grandchildren. Under these circumstances the failure to cause new executors to be appointed after the resignation of those who had legally qualified, a, to bring them in as parties, is not, in our opinion, fatal to the decree. The entire equitable estate was represented by the grandchildren in being, and whatever is sufficient to bind them must, as we think, bind also those of the same class of devisees with themselves who were afterwards born.
The devise of the legal title was to the "executors and the successors of them." The two executors who qualified resigned their offices, and their resignations were accepted, before the suit was begun. Mrs. Coons, the executrix, did not resign until afterwards, and she was made a party to the suit both in her

McARTHIUR v. SCOTT.
Dissenting Opinion: Waite, C. J., Harlan, J.
representative and individual capacity. Before her resignation, and before the suit was begun, she had 8ucceededto all the rights of the executors in the property. She was the 8uccesso of the executors who had resigned, and as such alone represented the legal title. She continued a party to the suit until the final' decree. It is difficult to see, therefore, why the naked legal title, which was all the executors took under the will, was not represented in the suit during the whole course of the proceeding.
But whether this be so or not is to our minds a matter of no importance. The suit was brought to contest the will. The grandchildren of the testator, the lawful issue of his five enumerated children, formed one class of beneficiaries provided for in the will. As a class, their interests were opposed to the contestants. Those of the class who were in being took the title as well for themselves as for those who should be afterwards born. The interests of those in being ind those born afterwards were in all respects the same. It would seem, therefore, that whatever bound those who held the title should bind all those not then in being for whom they held it. Otherwise, as in Ohio, no suit can be brought to contest a will except within two years after probate, it is difficult to see how a will can be contested there when the devise is to a class of persons which may not be full until after that period has elapsed. It is no part of the duty of executors to defend a will against a contest. That is left to the devisees or those interested in sustaining the will. As this, in our opinion, disposes of the case, we have deemed it unnecessary to refer specially to any of the other questions which were presented for argument.
MR. JusTIcE MATrH.ws, having been of counsel, did not sit in this case, or take any part in the decision.

OCTOBER TERMI, 1884
Statement of Facts.
MvR. CHIEF JUSTICE WAITE delivered the opinion of the court. Under § 1001 of the Revised Statutes no bond for the prosecution of the suit, or to answer in damages or costs, is required on writs of error or appeals issuing from or brought to this court by direction of the Comptroller of the Currency in suits by or against insolvent national banks, or the receivers thereof. This is such a case. There is abundant evidence in the record that the direction from the comptroller to the receiver was to take out a writ of error in this case, although, by mistake in one of the papers, Henry ]Mixter was named as the plaintiff instead of George iMixter.
.2Xotion denied.
CAVENDER v. CAVENDER.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI.
Argued April 6,185.-Decided April 20, 1885.
An answer in Chancery, setting forth material facts which should have been stated in the bill, but were omitted, is a waiver of the right to object to the bill for cause of the omission.
Where the acts or omissions of a trustee show a want of reasonable fidelity to his trust, a court of equity will remove him.
A neglect by a trustee to invest moneys in his hands is a breach of trust, and is a ground for removal by a court of equity.
Rbbert S. Cavender, the appellee, was the plaintiff in the Circuit Court. He stated his case in the bill of complaint substantially as follows:
John Cavender, deceased, by his last will and testament, dated May 6, 1858, and proved in the Probate Court of the City-then County-of St. Louis and State of Missouri, February 4, 1862, made and constituted the defendant, John S. Cavender; executor of his estate, and, after payment of debts, as therein mentioned, bequeathed one-half of the remainder of

CAVENDER v. CAVENDER.
Statement of Facts.
his estate to John S. Cavender aforesaid, as trustee, to hold the same in trust for the use and benefit of the plaintiff during the term of his natural life, and by said will directed him to invest -the same in real or personal securities, and to pay over the rents, profits, issues, and incomes thereof to the plaintiff semi-annually, at the end of every half year, during his lifetime.
The Probate Court, by its order and decree made October 5,1878, found in the hands of the defendant, as such executor, the sum of $17,169.49 belonging to the trust estate, and directed him to pay over the same to himself as "trustee; and afterwards, on December 3, 1878, the defendant executed his bond as trustee, with sureties, in the penalty of $25,000, conditioned for the faithful execution of his trust. On April 22, 1879, John S. Cavender, trustee, filed in the Probate Court his written receipt, whereby he acknowledged that he had received from John S. Cavender, executor, the sum of $17,169.49, and thereupon prayed for his discharge as excutor of the said estate,.which, on the same day, the court granted.
The bill then averred that if the said sum of $17,169.49 had thereafter been properly invested by the trustee, as by the terms of the will it became his duty to invest the same, it would have fairly yielded an annual income of six per cent., which was, by the terms of the will, payable semi-annually.
It further alleged-that, by the obligations assumed by John S. Cavender as trustee of the plaintiff under the will, it became his duty to set apart and invest in safe and permanent securities said trust fund so ackno.wledged to have been received by him, in order that it might remain intact, and yield a regular and certain income to the plaintiff from-year to year. But the bill averred that Cavender had been guilty of a gross breach of his trust, that he had never set apart or invested any sum whatever in securities of any description, or in property or assets of any sort, as a trust fund for the benefit of plaintiff, or deposited in bank or elsewhere any sum of money to the credit of the trust estate, but, on the contrary, had converted to his own use and dissipated the whole of the trust estate and all the assets and money belonging thereto, except certain lands in
VOL. cxV-30.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Statement of Facts.
the State of Illinois, and that the income for the first six months from the trust funds was due, had been demanded, and was unpaid at the commencement of the suit.
The bill further averred that there were large tracts of land in the State of Illinois belonging to the estate of John Cavender, the proceeds and income of which were, under his will, a part of the trust estate; that the profits of said lands and the proceeds of their sale would probably be large, which John S. Cavender would be likely to convert to his own use.
The prayer of the bill was, that Cavender might be removed from his office of trustee, and a proper person appointed in his stead, to whom he might be ordered to pay over the said sum of seventeen thousand one hundred and sixty-nine dollars and forty-nine cents, with the interest due thereon.
A demurrer was filed to the bill and overruled by the court. Thereupon Cavender answered, admitting that "fJohn Cavender, deceased, by his last will and testament, dated and probated as specified in the bill, did constitute the defendant executor of his estate, and bequeathed one-half the residue of his estate, after the payment of debts, to the defendant as trustee, to hold said moiety in trust for the use and benefit of complainant during complainant's natural life, to be invested in real or personal securities, and the income thereof only to be paid over to the complainant, semi-annually, during his lifetime," but averring that, by the. terms of said will, after the lapse successively of the life estate of complainant and Charlotte M., his wife, in the trust property aforesaid, such property would descend to defendant and his heirs, in fee simple, forever discharged of the trust aforesaid. The answer also admitted "that the Probate Court of the City of St. Louis, by its judgment of October 5, 1878, found to be due, and ordered to be paid, by this defendant, as executor to this defendant as trustee, the sum of $17,169.49, and that thereafter the defendant made and executed his bond as such trustee, with good and sufficient sureties, whereby he bound himself to the State of Missouri, to the use of all persons beneficially interested, in the penal sum of twenty-five thousand dollars, and conditioned for the faithful performance by

CAVENDER v. CAVENDER.
Statement of Facts.
this defendant as such trustee of the trust created by the provisions of said will as aforesaid," but denied "that on the 22d day of April, 1879, as alleged in said bill, he filed as such trustee in said Probate Court his written receipt, whereby he acknowledged to have received from himself as executor the said sum of $17,169.49, and was thereafter, on April 30, 1879, granted his discharge as executor by said Probate Court," and averred the fact to be that he had "never received as trustee, at the date of said alleged receipt, or at any other time, from himself as executor aforesaid, or from any source, the sum of seventeen thousand one hundred and sixty-nine dollars and forty-nine cents, or any other sum whatsoever, on account of said trust estate," and denied that any income had accrued in his hands from said trust estate to which the plaintiff was entitled, and admitted that no part of such income had ever been paid to the plaintiff.
The' answer admitted that Cavender held the lands referred to in the bill, and that their proceeds and income should'be set aside for the benefit of said trust estate, but denied that he would be likely to convert and absorb the same, and denied that he had mismanaged the trust estate.
The -plaintiff filed the general replication to the answer, and, upon the final -hearing, besides the admissions of the answer, offered the following evidence:
First. A certified .copyof the original receipt of the defendant, oji file in the Probate Court of the City of St. Louis, which was in the words and figures following:
" In the Probate Court, City of St. Louis. In the matter of the estate of John Cavender, deceased. St. Louis, April 22nd, 1879. I, John S. Cavender, trustee of Robert S. Cavender and others, under the last will and testament of John Cavender, deceased, acknowledge that I have received from John S. Cavender, executor of said deceased, the sum of seventeen thousand one hundred and sixty-nine and M dollars, ordered to be paid to me by said Probate Court. Entered of record in the records of said court on the 5th day of October, 1878. John S. Cavender, Trustee."
Second. A certified copy of a paper writing, on file in th.e

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Statement of Facts.
same Probate Court, signed by W. G. Eliot, George Partridge, E. S. Rouse andJohn S. Cavender, entitled "In the matter of the estate of John Cavender, deceased," and dated St. Louis, April 23, 1879, in which it was recited that John S. Cavender, executor of the last will of John Cavender, deceased, had, on October 5, 1878, been ordered by the said Probate Court to pay over to himself, as trustee of Robert S. Cavender, under the last will of John Cavender, the sum of $17,169.49, and after such order the said John S. Cavender, trustee, as principal, and the said Eliot, Partridge and Rouse, as sureties, executed and filed their bond, dated December 3, 1878, in the penalty of $25,000, conditioned for the faithful execution of his trust by said trustee, and that said John S. Cavender had given to himself, as said executor, his receipt, dated April 22, 1879, for the sum of $17,169.49, and, on the strength of said receipt as avoucher, was about to apply to the said Probate Court for his discharge as such executor. The writing then proceeded as follows:
"Now we, William G. Eliot, George Partridge, and Edward S. Rouse, acknowledge, as such sureties, that said John S. Cavender, has, in law, received, -and is now .bound, as such trustee, for said sum of seventeen thousand one hundred and sixty-nine and M dollars, as for cash actually received, and that the said bond is still in full force, and binding upon the undersigned, to all intents and purposes, in contemplation of law, touqching the custody of said fund, as for cash actually received, and the execution of said trust concerning the same.
"And John S. Cavender, on his own part, as trustee and principal in said bond, admits the full and binding force of the above admission."
Third. A certified copy of the order of the Probate Court discharging John S. Cavender as executor of the estate of John Cavender, deceased, which was.dated April 30, 1879, and was based on the ground that John S. Cavender had filed a receipt, signed by himself as trustee, acknowledging the receipt from himself, as executor, of the sum of $17,169.49, and was as follows:

CAVENDER v. CAVEN1DER.
Statement of Facts.
"Bstate of John Cavender.
NI~ow comes John S. Cavender, executor, and files the receipt dated April 22, 1879, given by John S. Cavender, trustee of Robert S. Cavender and Caroline M. Cavender, to said ex. ecutor, for seventeen th6usand one hundred and sixty-nine dollars, ordered, by this court October 5, 1878, to be paid by said executor to said trustee, and it appearing to the court that on the 9th day of December, 1878, said trustee filed his bond as trustee in the St. Louis Circuit Court, conditioned for the faithful execution of the trust vested in him under *thewill of said John Cavender, deceased, with William G. Eliot, George Partridge, and Edward S. Rouse, as sureties; and said trustee, with said sureties, having, on .the' 23d day of April, 1879, filed in this court their written admission that said trustee has in law'received and is bound for said sum of seventeen thousand one hundred and sixty-nine - dollars, as for cash actually received, and that said bond is in full force as to the custody of -said sum as for cash actually received, and for the execution of the trust touching. the same; and said executor, aslking for his discharge on the strength of said receipt and admission, and said Robert S. and Caroline M. Cavender, having by counsel, T. A. Post, appeared to said motion for discharge, and submitting the same ofA their part without argument or objection; now, therefore, in view of the premises, the court being in possession of the eviqeftce, and having fully considered the same, doth order that said John S. Cavender be, and he is hereby, finally discharged as such executor."
All the foregoing evidence was received by the court without objection by the defendant.
Fourth. The deposition of J. S. Fullerton, who testified that, money could be safely lent on real estate security in the City of St. Louis, in 1878 and part.of 1879, at seven per cent. per annum, and in the latter part of 1879, and since that year, at six per cent. per annum net.
Fifth. The deposition of John S. Cavender, the defendant, who stated that he was the trustee of Robert S. C'Avender,

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
but had made no investments for him, and that he had placed no money to the benefit of the trust fund in securities of any sort, or in bank; and. had set aside no annuities for the benefit of Robert S. Cavender or the trust estate.
No proofs were offered for the defendant, and the court, upon the evidence above recited, made a decree removing John S, Cavender as trustee and appointing John M4. Glover in his stead, and directing Cavender, upon demand, to pay over to Glover, trustee, the said sum of $17,169.49, and such sums of money as had been received and collected by Cavender from sales of land or otherwise since April 30th, 1879, belonging to the trust fund.
From this decree John S. Cavender appealed.
XM'. Henry Htclwock for appellant.
.Mr.William A. 3fc-enney for appellee.
MR. JusrTic Woons delivered the opinion of the court. He stated the facts in the foregoing language, and continued:
The first contention of the plaintiff in error is that the demurrer to the bill should have been sustained, because the nature of the trust was not therein so sufficiently set forth as to form the foundation of a decree on the part of a court of equity.
Whether the trust was fully and accurately set forth could not be known until the filing of the answer or the taking of the proofs. When the demurrer was heard, from all that then appeared, the exact provisions of the will of the testator rais: ing the trust, and all the terms and conditions of the trust, were stated in the bill. It could not then beknown whether or not there was anything more to state. What was stated showed the creation of a trust estate, the appointment of a trustee, the designation of a cestui que trust, and specific directions to the trustee in respect to his duties. The court could not assume that any of the provisions of the will relating to the subject matter of the trust were omitted from the bill, and what was stated was sufficient, if correctly stated, to enable the court to act intelligently. The demurrer was, therefore,

CAVENDER v. CAVENDER.
Opinion of the Court.
properly overruled. But the defendant refused to stand on his demurrer and answered the bill.' Having, as it may be fairly presumed, the will of the testator before him, he undertook to set out in his answer, under oath, the provisions of the will in respect to the trust estate and trust in question. There is no pretence that any material word or clause, in relation to the subject of the trust was omitted from the answer. It is, therefore, too late for the defendant, on final hearing in the appel: late court., to object that the provisions of the will were not fully set out in the bill of complaint. If there was any defect in the statement made.in the bill, it was rendered immaterial by the statements of the answer, and is not now ground of complaint.. Gr~enleafv. Birth, 5 Pet. 131.
A similar assignment of error to that just noticed is, that the court erred in removing the appellee from his office of trustee without having.before it the will or declaration of trust-for interpretation.
But it is clear that a defendant to a bill in equity, who states in his answer under oath the provisions of a writing, which is presumed to be in his possession, cannot complain that the court acted upon his admission. The court might in its discretion have refused to interpret the writing without its production. But having acted upon the presumption that the defendant in his answer stated truly the contents of the writing, the latter cannot, on the ground that the writing itself was not put in evidence, ask a reversal of the decree. Courts of equity are frequently required to act on the admissions of the answer without other proof. Thus, when a cause is heard upon bill and answer, the decree is based entirely on the admissions the answer without other testimony. Reynol. v. Crawford' ,ille Bank, 112 U. S. 405; Brinkerhof v. _Brown, 7 John'g Ch. 217; Grosvenor v. Cartwright,2 Gas. Oh. 21 ; Perkinsv." Nichols, 11 Allen, 542. At all events, it does not lie in the mouth of a defendant in equity to complain that the court assumed his answer made under oath to be true and decreed accordingly.
The next assignment of error is that the decree rendered by the Circuit Court is not justified by the law.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Opinion of the Court.
The decree rests solely on the ground alleged in the bill, of neglect of duty and mismanagement of the trust property. If these grounds are sustained by the proof the authorities are ample to justify the decree of removal. For, where the acts or omissions of the trustee are such as to show a want of reasonable fidelity, a court of equity will remove -him. Ex yarle Phelps, 9 Mod. 357; fayor of Coventry v. Attorney-General,, 7 Brown Par. Cas. 235; Attorney-General v. Drummond, 1 Drury & Warren, 353; Attorney-General v. Shore, 7 Sim. 309 n; Exparte Greenhouse, 1 Madd. 92; Ex parte Rieynolds, 5 Yes. 707: Olemens' v. Caldwell, 7 B. Mon. 171; Johnson's Appeal, 9 Penn. St. 416; Ex parte Potts, 1 Ashmead, 340; Buchanan v. Hamilton, 5 Ves. 722; Ellison v. Ellison, 6 Yes. 656, 663; Portsmouthv. Fellows,5 Madd. 450'; Lothrop v. Smalley, 8 C. E. Green (23 N. J Eq.), 192; Hussey v. Cofln, 1 Allen, 354; .Attorney-Generalv. Garrison,101 Mass. 223.
The averments of the bill sufficiently charge, and the proofs establish, neglect of duty and mismanagement of the trust estate. The charge of the bill, which is distinctly admitted by the answer, is, that the Probate Court found in the hands of the appellant, executor of John Cavender, as due and belonging to said trust estate, the sum of $17,169.49, and ordered him to pay over that sum to himself as trustee. The averment of the bill is sufficient to charge, and the admission of the answer sufficient to prove, the xeceipt by the defendant, as trustee, of the sum of money mentioned. They are conclusive evidence of the fact. For when one person is to pay money and receive the same money, and nothing remains but to enter receipts and payments in their proper accounts accordingly, the law will consider that as done which ought to be done. Thus, where a sole executor sustains the two-fold character of executor and guardian, the law will adjudge the ward's proportion of the property in his hands to be in his hands in the capacity of guardian, after the time limited by law for the settlement of the estate, whether the final account has been passed by the Orphan's Court or not. WVatkins v. State, 2 Gill & J. 220. So, where the same person is executor of an estate and guardian of a distributee, and there is nothing to show in which capacity

CAVENDER v. CAVENDER.
Opinion of the Court.
he holds funds after payment of debts and settlement of the estate, he shall be presumed to hold them as guardian. The State v. Hlearst,12 Missouri, 365. See also oJohnom v. Johnson, 2 Hill, . .a Eq. 277; Harrv. Karr, 6 Dana, .
But the proof that the trust fund came to the hands of the trustee does not stop with the order and decree of the Probate Court finding the money in his hands as executor, and directing its payment to himself as trustee, for it appears that he made. and filed in the Probate Court his receipt as trustee for the fund, and upon the strength of that receipt procured his discharge as executor. The record of the Probate Court, put in evidence, shows these facts. We have, therefore, the admission of record bf the appellant,, upon which the Court of Probate acted, at his instance, and upon the strength of which it made an order relieving him from liability as executor, and it is binding on him, and he cannot be heard in any controversy with the appellee to deny his admission that the fund came to his hands.
It remains to inquire whether the proof sustains the charge of neglect of duty and mismanagement of the trust funds.
Having taken possessioh of the trust moneys, it became the duty of the appellant to invest them as directed by the -will, if it were possible to do so. The proof shows that it was possible. The appellant admits, under oath, that he has made no investments of the trust assets, and placed no funds in securities of any sort, or in bank, and set aside no annuities for the benefit of the cetui que trust or the trust estate. His own admissions show neglect of duty and mismanagement of the trust estate.
The neglect to invest constitutes of itself a breach of ,trust, and is ground for removal. Clemens v. Caldwell, 'I B. Mon. 171,111; .Lathropv. Smalley above cited.
The only defence set up in the answer of the appellant is a denial that he. ever gave a receipt as trustee, or that he had been discharged as executor by the Probate Court, or that the trust fund ever came to his hands. As the facts thus denied are conclusively established by the evidence, the denial is an aggravation of the misconduct of the appellant. A trustee,

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Syllabus.
into whose hands trust assets are shown to have come, who not only fails to discharge any duty of the trust, but even denies that he has ever received the property, cannot successfully resist an application made to a court of equity for his removal.
The counsel for appellant say that they regret that the pleadings and evidence do not permit a full presentation of the case upon its merits. We cannot act on this vague intimation. There may be facts not disclosed which, if shown by the record, would entirely change the aspect of the case. But we must try the case as the record reveals it. Upon the cause, as presented, with no explanation vouchsafed by the appellant, it is difficult to conceive of a clearer case for the removal of a trustee and the appointment of another in his stead.
-Decree a/ffrmed.

BURTON v. WEST JERSEY FERRY COMPANY.

IN ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE NITED STATES THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA.

FOR

Argued April 9, 1885.-Decided April 20, 1885.

i general exception to a charge, which does not direct the attention of the court to the particular portions of it to which objection is made, raises no question for review by this court.
.he failure of a steam ferry company, engaged in transporting passengers for hire across a river, to provide seats enough for all, is not negligence, entailing,Iiability for injury by accident, unless it appears that a less number of seats was provided than was customary and sufficient for those who ordinarily preferred to be seated while crossing.

The facts which make the case are stated in the opinion of the court.

M'. Jerome Carty [M!r. B. Frank Clajp and -,r.Alayer Sulzberger were with him] for plaintiff in error.

