MAYFIELD v. RIOHARDS.
Statement of Facts.
MAYFIELD v. RICHARDS & Others.
IN ERROR TO THE SUPREMLE COURT OF THE STATE OF LOUISIA..
Submitted April 2, 1885.-Decided Iay 4, 1&15.
The act of June 11, 1864, 13 Stat. 123, "That whenever, during'the existence of the present rebellion, any action, civil or criminal, shall accrue against any person who, by reason of resistance to the execution of the laws of the United States, or the interruption of the ordinary course of judicial proceedings, cannot be served with process, . . . the time during which such person shall so be beyond the reach of legal process shall not be deemed or taken as any part of the time limited by law for the commencement of such action," applies to cases in the courts of the States as well as to cases in the courts of the United States; and, as thus construed, is Constitutional.
Stewrart v. Hahn, 11 Wall. 493, affirmed and applied.
The facts shown by the record were as follows: On March 30, 1860, Walter 0. Winn, of the Parish of IRapides, in the State of Louisiana, made and delivered to the firm of IRotchford, Brown & Co., of the city of New Orleans, his nine promissory notes, each for the payment to their order of $5,000, four of which were to become due and payable on November 10, 1860, and five on December 10, 1860. Winn died in 1861, leaving a last will, which was afterwards duly proven, by which he made his wife Mary E. Winn his universal heir and legatee and executrix. As such she took possession of the estate. The nine notes payable to the order of Rotchford, Brown & Co. were presented to Mrs. Winn, as executrix, for her acknowledgment thereof as a debt against the succession of Winn, and she indorsed on each of them such acknowledgment, with a promise to pay the same in due course of administration. These indorsements all bore date November 1, 1865. Mrs. Winn continued in the office of executrix until September 30, 1873, when, by the order of the District Court for the Parish of Rapides, she was "destituted "-that is to say, removed"from said executorship of the estate of Winn," and J. M. Wells, Jr., appointed dative testamentary executor of said succession.

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Statement of Facts.
On July 5, 1880, Wells, as such executor, filed a provisional account of his administration in the District Court for the Parish of Rapides, which had probate jurisdiction. In his account he recognized the nine notes above mentioned payable to the order of Rotchford, Brown & Co., which, in January, 1866, had been transferred by the payees to the appellant, John S. Mayfield, as valid claims against the succession, and proposed to apply the assets in his hands to their payment.
Mrs. Winn,under the name of Mary E. Richards, she having intermarried with A. Keene Richards, filed, with the authorization of her said husband, on January 11, 1881, her opposition to the allowance and payment of the notes, and stated her ground of opposition as follows: "The notes are prescribed and were prescribed at the date they were accepted by the executrix, the date of acceptance being written on the back of the notes long before they were accepted by the executrix, and accepted in error."
One John D. DuBose, a creditor of the succession,.also opposed the recognition and payment of the notes, because "said nine notes were all prescribed long before they were pretended to be acknowledged by the executrix, Mrs. Mary E. Winn,and the acknowledgment was made by her in the City of New Orleans, Louisiana, in January or February, 1866, and not on the 1st day of November, 1865, as it purports."
There was no charge, and no attempt to prove that the antedating of the acknowledgment of the executrix had been fraudulently procured; and, if the notes were not prescribed until long after January, 1866, as contended by Mayfield, there was no motive to antedate the acknowledgment, and nothing to be gained by so doing.
The contention that these notes were prescribed was based on Article 3540 of the Civil Code of Louisiana, which declares that "notes payable to order or bearer . . . are prescribed by five years reckoning from the day when the engagements were payable." Mayfield contended that the notes had been admitted as valid debts against the succession of Winn by the executrix, on November 1, 1865, as appeared by her indorseinent thereon, and, as such indorsement was made before the

MAYFIELD v. RICHARDS.
Statement of Facts.
expiration of five years. after the maturity of the notes, it was effectual to suspend prescription, and the notes were, therefore, not prescribed. Upon the opposition of Mrs. Winn and DuBose the question whether the nine notes were prescribed was tried by the judge of the District Court in which the opposition was filed. He admitted evidence to show, and upon it decided, that the acknowledgment of hMrs. Winn, as executrix, indorsed upon the notes, and purporting to be dated November 1, 1865, was not in fact made on that day, but some time between the first and tenth days of January, 1866. As this was more than five years after the maturity of the notes, it was not competent for the executrix to acknowledge them, and they were apparently barred by the prescription of five years provided by the law of the State.
But the appellant, Mayfield, contended that the notes were saved from the prescription of five years, by the act of Congress of June 11, 1864, 13 Stat. 123, entitled "An Act in relation to the limitation of actions in certain cases," which provided that "whenever during the existence of the present rebellion any action, civil or criminal, shall accrue against any person who, by reason of resistance to the execution of the laws of the United States or the interruption of the ordinary course of judicial proceedings, cannot be served with process,
the time during which such person shall so be beyond the reach of legal process shall not be deemed or taken as any part of the time limited by law for the commencement of such action."
To bring the notes in controversy within the terms of this statute, Mayfield offered to the District Court evidence tending to show that Rotchford, Brown & Co., the payees, were domiciled in the City of New Orleans, and were doing business there when the city was taken by the Federal forces in 1862, and that Shepherd Brown, one of the members of the firm, was in the city in 1864, and that Mayfield, the appellant, was also a resident of New Orleans.
He also introduced testimony tending to show that the United States had no jurisdiction oyer the parish of fRapides during the war, except a military one, and that such military

OCTOBER TERM, 1884.
Statement of Facts.
jurisdiction lasted for but a short time; that the Federal troops came to Alexandria, the county seat of iRapides Parish, about March 17, 1864, and remained in possession thereof until about May 15, when they departed; that before leaving they burned the town of Alexandria, including the court-house, after which there was a state of disorganization, there was no court, and there were no officers in the parish until after July 9, 1865; that Mrs. Winn, the executrix, had gone as a refugee to Texas, and no service could have been made on her from the time the court-house was burned until she returned to iRapides Parish, in December, 1865. This testimony was uncontradicted.
Upon this evidence the District Court decided that, conceding that the acknowledgement of Mrs. Winn as executrix was not indorsed on the nine notes until some day between the first and tenth of January, 1866, yet the prescription of the notes was suspended by the act of Congress above recited for a period sufficient to save them from the bar of Article 3540 of the Code of Louisiana, and thereupon rendered judgment that the claim of Mayfield was a valid and legal debt due from the succession of Winn, and was properly placed in the provisional account as an ordinary claim.
Mrs. Winn and DuBose carried this judgment to the Supreme Court of Louisiana for review. That court, assuming that the facts which the evidence introduced in the District Court tended to prove were established, reversed the judgment of the District Court on the ground that the act of Congress on which Mayfield relied to suspend prescription applied only to causes and proceedings in the courts of the United States, and not to causes and proceedings in the courts of the States, and that the claim of Mayfield was therefore prescribed when Mrs. Winn, *the executrix, undertook to acknowledge it in January, 1866.
The present writ of error, sued out by Mayfield, brought the judgment of the Supreme Court of Louisiana under review.
Xr.. . T. iericl, for plaintiff in error.
s'. Gus. A. Breaux for defendants in error.

MkFIELD v. RICHARDS.
Opinion of the Court.
MR. JSTCE WOODS, after stating the facts in the foregoing language, delivered the opinion of the court.
It is well settled in Louisiana that when a claim against a succession has been formally acknowledged by the executor or administrator, no suit should be brought upon it, and no suit or other proceeding is necessary to prevent prescription as long as the property of the succession remains in the hands of the executbr or administrator under administration. Renshaw v. ,.fvord, 30 La. Ann. 853; .- araistv. Guilheau, 31 La. Ann. 713; .Porterv. .- orn,by, 32 La. Ann. 337; Cloutierv. Lem e, 33 La. Ann. 305; Johnson v. Waters, 111 U. S. 640. If, therefore, the acknowledgment of Mrs. Winn, executrix, made in January, 1866, were made before the notes were prescribed, prescription has been suspended ever since, for the succession of Winn is still under administration. The notes were all barred in November and December, 1865, by the prescription of five years established by Article 3540 of the Civil Code of Louisiana, unless prescription was suspended by the act of Congress above recited. The case, therefore, turned in the Supreme Court of Louisiana upon the question whether the act of Congress was applicable. That court decided that it was not, and denied to the appellant the right set up and claimed by him under that statute. If the decision of the Supreme Court of Louisiana was wrong upon this point, this court has jurisdiction to review and reverse its judgment. Rev. Stat. § 709.
The facts of the case, as shown by the record, bring it within the terms of the act of Congress. The parish of Rapides was within the Confederate lines during the entire period of the civil war, except for a few weeks, when it was occupied by the Federal troops. The authority of the United States was reestablished over the City of New Orleans on -May 1, 1862. The payees of the notes were shown to have been domiciled in the city at that time, and as there is no evidence that they afterwards changed their domicil, the presumption is that it continued unchanged. Desnmare v. United States, 93 U. S. 605. Mayfield is shown to have been a resident in New Orleans. It appears, therefore, that the executrix of the succession of Winn was within the Confederate lines, and the payees and

OCTOBER TERM, 184.
Opinion of the Court.
the endorsee of the notes within the Federal lines. Under these circumstances they could not lawfully institute proceedings against the succession of Winn, in the parish of Rapides, to enforce the payment of the notes, for intercourse across the military lines was forbidden by law. Moreover, while the prescription of five years was running, the courts of the parish, which alone had jurisdiction of the succession of Winn, were closed for more than a year, a period well described by Lord Coke: "So, when by invasion, insurrection, rebellion, or such like, the peaceable course of justice is disturbed and stopped, so as the courts of justice be, as it were, shut up et silent leges inter arma, then it is said to be time of war." Co. Lit. 249 b.
The case, therefore, falls within the letter of the act of Congress; and if that act applies to and governs cases in the courts of the States, the judgment of the Supreme Court of Louisiana was erroneous.
The question thus raised was expressly decided by this court in the case of Stewart v. Zahn. 11 Wall. 493, where it was held that the act applied to cases in the courts of the States as well as of the United States, and that thus construed the act was constitutional. We are satisfied with the judgment of the court in that case, and are unwilling to question or re-examine it. The decision in Stewart v. Kahn was followed by the Supreme Court of Louisiana in Aby v. Brigham, 28 La. Ann. 8410.
These cases are conclusive of the present controversy, and, adhering to the ruling made in them, we are of opinion that the notes held by Mayfield were not prescribed, and that
The judgment of the Supreme Courtof Iouisianashouldbe reversed, and the cause remanded to that court, with directions to enter judgment that the claim of .3ayfield based on the nine notes qf Walter 0. TFinn, is a legal and valid debt due from his succession, and that it was properly placed in the provisionalaccountqf the dative testamentary executor as an ordinary claim; and it is so ordered.

GLASGOW v. LIPSE.
Statement of Facts.
in the District Court, and Judge Drummond in the Circuit Court, in the present case. 10 Bissell, 18, 38. See also Carsta-rs v. .Meanzwd & Traders' Ins. Co., 18 Fed. Rep. 473, The Sidney, 23 Fed. Rep. 88, .21ercantileIns. Co. v. Calebs, 20 N. Y 173.
Decree afflirned. MR. JUSTICE BRADLEY dissented.
GLASGOW, Executor, v. LIPSE.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA.
Argued March 3, 4, 1886.-Decided March 15, i8S6.
Payment in good faith at its maturity in Virginia in Confederate currency of a debt contracted there in 1860 to be paid there in 1862, and the receipt and acceptance of the same by the creditor, discharged the debt.
In 1860 two brothers, executors of the will of their father, who had resided in Virginia, and had died there, contracted in that State to convey, under a power in the will, real estate of the testator on the payment, among other things, of a bond then executed by the purchaser for the payment of a sum of money in 1862. One of the executors resided in Indiana, and continued to reside there dunng and after the close of the war. The other received in Virginia m 1862 (by request of legatees under the will who accepted the same in payment of their distributive shares) payment of the bond in Confederate money, and accounted for the same to the court in 1864. In a suit commenced by the surviving executor against the executor of the obligor on the bond to recover payment of the bond: Held, That the payment to the resident executor in Confederate currency was a valid payment.
This was a bill in equity to set aside a deed made by Samuel Lipse, executor of Moses LTpse, and to obtain payment of abond executed by Glasgow's testator in his lifetime. The caseis stated in the opinion of the court. For the understanding of the points in the argument it is sufficient to say That Moses Lipse died in Virginia before the war, leaving several children, among whom were David H. ,Lipse, residing in Indiana, and Samuel Lipse, residing in Virginia Also leaving real estate and a will'

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Argument for Appellee.
empowering his executors to sell real estate, and naming David 1H. and Samuel as his executors, both of whom qualified That in 1860 the executors agreed with one Spears, in Virginia, to convey a tract of testator's real estate on receiving among other things payment of a bond then executed by him to them for the payment of a sum of money in 1862 That David continued to reside in Indiana during the war, and Samuel to reside in Virginia. That Spears' bond was paid to Samuel in Virginia in 1862, after its maturity, and Samuel presented his accounts in the proper court in 1864, showing receipt of such payment and division of the estate, which accounts were allowed and settled That Samuel afterwards died, and David H. as surviving executor brought this suit against Spears' executor, to recover the sum alleged to be due on the bond, on the ground that the payment in Confederate currency was void.
Judgment below for the plaintiff, from which appeal was taken.

.Xr Thomas J Hikpatrck and Xfr IWilliam T Robertson for appellant.

Mr John S. Tise and Mfr George W Hansbrough for ap-

pellee.

0

I. The expartesettlement of the executors' accounts is no bar,

even as to Lipse, the assistant executor, as against a debtor of

the estate, who was no party to it, Buterfteld v. Smith, 101

U S. 570, Utterback v Cooper,28 Gratt. 233, 270, certainly

not as to the other executor, who was no party to it, who was

beyond the jurisdiction, and a public enemy No notice could

be served upon him, and notice was necessary Underwoodv.

Xo lFezgh, 23 Gratt. 409, Connollyv. Connolly, 32 Gratt. 657,

Singletonv Singleton, 8 B. Mon. 340, Grayv. Stuart,33 Gratt.

351. Virginia Code 1860, ch. 132, §§ 9, 14 et seq.

II. The land was sold for specie or its equivalent in currency

of the United States. Hib3 v Peyton, 22 Gratt. 561. The

terms of the sale in 1862 show that the payment of the debt

due in 1861 was to be in gold, or notes redeemable in gold. See

.Fetz v Stover, 22 Wall. 198, 3lJBurney v Carson, 99 U. S.

GLASGOW v. LIPSE.
Opimon of the Court.
567. It was law in Virginia that a debt contracted before the war and payable in specie could not be discharged by payment in Confederate notes without the consent of the party to whom it was due, Alley v Rogers, 19 Gratt. 366, Fretz v Stover, above cited, Pardiev Jones, 32 Gratt. 827, Ewart-v. Saunders, 25 Gratt. 203, Tosh v Robertson, 27 Gratt. 270, Pisom v. Bushong, 29 Gratt. 229, still more so when the dealing is with a fiduciary, Patteson v Bondurant, 30 Gratt. 91, APnckard v. Woods, 8 Gratt. 140, Fisherv Bassett, 9 Leigh, 119, Cocke v. -inor, 25 Gratt. 246, Jones v. Clarke, 25 Gratt. 142. See also Ward v Snith, 7 Wall. 447, Tretz v Stover, and A'cBurney v Carson, above cited.
III. The testator created m his two executors a joint power and trust to sell his lands, and divide the proceeds, and both qualified. This power related to the division of the proceeds as well as the sale of the land, and could not be executed by one so as to discharge the other and his bondsmen from liability for unlawful execution. In Virginia delegated authority must be strictly adhered to. Johnston v. Thompson, 5 Call, 248, Deneale v. 2forgan, 5 Call, 407, .cCrae v. Farrow,4 Hen. & Yunf. 444. The Virginia act of 1862, attempting to validate such transactions is unconstitutional. It comes within the rulings in -Edwardsv- Yearzey, 96 U. S. 595. See also Horn v Lock. hart, 17 Wall, 570, Williams v Brufy, 96 U S. 176.
Yn. JusTicE FIE.LD delivered the opinion of the court. This case comes before us from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Virginia. The facts out of which it arises are briefly as follows In December, 1859, Moses Lipse, of Botetourt County, Virginia, died possessed of considerable property, real and personal, in that county, and leaving twelve children surviving him. His will, made a few days before his death, after providing for the payment of his debts, directed that all his property should be sold by his executors, and the proceeds be equally divided between his children and their representatives, certain sums advanced to them to be deducted from their respective portions. He appointed his sons, Samuel and David, executors. The will

OCTOBER TERMI, 1885.
Opinion of the Court.
was proved and admitted to record by the county court of the county at its May term, of 1860, and in June following the executors qualified and gave a bond with sueties in the sum of $30,000.
In August of that year the executors sold the personal property, and on the 10th of September following the real property The sale of the latter was made to Charles C. Spears, a citizen of Virginia, and the contract of sale was signed by the parties. The property was supposed at the time to consist of three hundred and seventy-one acres, but the quantity was to be definitely ascertained by an actual survey The consideration agreed upon was thirty-eight dollars an acre, of which one third was to be paid on the 3d of October, and the balance in two equal annual instalments on the 3d of October, 1861, and on the 3d of October, 1862. For these deferred payments Spears was to give his bonds, and the executors agreed to place him in possession of the property by the following Christmas, and to make him a good title for the same when all the purchase money should be paid. The survey made disclosed a larger number of acres than was estimated, carrying the purchase price to $14,858. Of this sum Spears paid one third on October 3, 1860, and gave his two bonds for the balance as agreed.
Early in 1861 Spears joined the Confederate army, leaving his affairs in the hands of William A. Glasgow, of Botetourt County, as his agent, and during the year Glasgow, as such ageiit, paid the first bond, though not on the day of its maturity, but $3,000 at one time and the balance at another. Samuel Lipse, the resident executor of Moses Lipse, called upon Glasgow each time to collect the money, and in his accounts charged himself with the amount as of the day the bond was due.
The cash payment was made in lawful money, and there is no evidence that the first bond was otherwise paid. It is in proof that the notes of the Confederate States did not become generally current in Virginia until after this period. Of the money received on this bond and of other moneys in the hands of the resident executor, the distributive shares belonging to

GLASGOW v. LIPSE.
Opinion of the Court.
nine of the twelve legatees, the number then residing within the Confederate States, were paid to them and received without objection. Three of the legatees, including the co-executor, resided in Indiana, and the shares belonging to them remained charged to the resident executor in his account, which was subsequently examined by the commissioner of accounts, reported to the court and approved.
Before the second bond became due, Spears was killed in battle. His wil appointing Glasgow his executor was, at the November term of the county court in 182, proved and admitted to record, and Glasgow qualified as executor.
When the second bond became due, or about that time, Glasgow called upon the resident executor and offered to pay it in Confederate notes, but the executor expressed some unwillingness to receive he payment then, and a desire before doing, so to see some other persons, referring to the legatees. One witness testified that Glasgow at that time counted out the Confederate money, and that the executor replied that he would not take it, that it was of no account, but said that he would take Glasgow's check on the Fincastle Bank for the amount, observng, in the hearing of the witness, that he thought he could get Fincaftle money for the check, that is, notes of the bank at that place. It is of little moment, however, whether the refusal of the Confederate notes was or was not accompanied by expressions as to their value. Twenty days afterward the resident executor called upon Glasgow at his office, and said that he was ready to receive payment of the balance due for the land, that he had seen most of the heirs, and that they wanted their money Glasgow thereupon gave hin a check for the balance-on the Farmers' Bank at Fincastle, which was near by, and he accepted it without objection. Ile claimed nothing more than the principal, saying, that as Glasgow was ready to pay it when due, he ought not to pay interest. This check was deposited by the executor in the bank, and against its amount he subsequently drew his own checks. These were paid in Confederate notes. It does not appear, however, that any inducements were held out by Glasgow to the executor to take those notes in payment, or that any ignorance existed on
0

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Opinon of the Court.
his part as to their true character, or that Glasgow made any representation as to the kind of currency in which the check should be paid,. or that any complaint was made to him that the bank had paid it in those notes. As between Glasgow and the resident executor the transaction was considered closed. The last bond of Spears was paid and, as the conditions of sale were complied with, the resident executor, in April, 1863, nearly six months afterwards, executed a deed of the land to Glasgow as executor of Spears' estate, reciting therein the entire payment of the purchase money to the executors of Lipse, deceased, "part by the said Spears in his lifetime, and the balance by the said Glasgow, his executor, since his death." The power to sell the land being vested in the two executors, their joint execution of the deed would have been necessary to transfer the title, had not the act of the legislature of Virginia of the 5th of March, 1863, provided that whenever any fiduciary residing in that State had been authorized to exercise any power, or to do any act jointly with one or more °fiduciaries residing within the limits of the United States, (meaning thereby in those States without the limits of the Confederacy,) it should be lawful for the fiduciary resident in the State to exercise such power and do such act without the concurrence of the non-resident fiduciary, and that the act should have the same force and effect as if it was the joint action of all the fiduciaries. .3fcae v. Farrow,4 Hen. & AMunf. 444.
The resident executor at once proceeded to distribute the money received on this last bond. Eight of the legatees took their respective shares without objection, as did five of the six children of a deceased legatee. Soon afterwards the resident executor rendered his account, showing the disposition of the estate, the moneys received, the expenditures incurred, the debts discharged, and the payment of their respective shares to eight of the legatees and to five children of another legatee. The account examined by a commissioner appointed by the court was approved, and his report confirmed. Thus the estate was closed except as to the payment of the shares to the three legatees residing in Indiana, and the payment of the sixth part of the share of another legatee to one of his children. It is not

GLASGOW v. LIPSE.
Opimon of the Court.
necessary to inquire as to the disposition made of these unpaid legacies, for the suit is not to compel their payment. It is said that the interests of two of them and of one of the children of the deceased legatee were confiscated under proceedings of the Confederate government. If such were the case it would not affect the validity of the payment of the last bond of Spears, nor of the settlement by the court of the resident executor's account previously rendered.
This settlement remained unquestioned from the confirmation of the commissioner's report, on November 14, 1864, until January 25, 1879, more than fourteen years, before this suit was instituted. Its object is to charge Glasgow, as executor of Spears, with the second and third instalments of the purchasemoney of the land, and compel him, as executor, to pay the same, with interest, to David H. Lipse, the surviving executor of Moses Lipse, the resident executor having departed this life, and to cancel and set aside the deed conveying the land, executed by the latter to Glasgow, as above stated, and, if the instalments should not be paid by Glasgow, to have the land sold and the proceeds applied to their payment, the complaint alleging that those instalments never were paid, that Confederate notes were given in pretended payment, and were received under compulsion, with sundry charges of deceit and fraud on the part of Glasgow to carry out a scheme to obtain possession of the property without discharging the just claim of the estate thereon. None of these charges of deceit, fraud and compulsion are sustained by any evidence. On the contrary, the conduct of the resident executor and Glasgow is shown to have been that of honorable and just men, no deceit was practised, nor any undue advantage taken by either of them.
It is undoubtedly true that an executor is chargeable with the utmost good faith in dealing with the estate intrusted to him. He cannot wantonly neglect the property or squander it by useless expenditures, or suffer it to go to waste without incurring personal liability for the consequent depreciation. Nor can he call in good investments when the money is not needed, nor accept the payment of debts for less than their face when the full amount can be recovered without unnecessary delay

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Opinion of the Court.
and expense, nor in depreciated currency when better currency can be had, unless it can be advantageously used m meeting expenses, discharging debts, paying legacies, and the like. In all such cases he would be chargeable with a devastavit. He may, however, take payment of a debt, when not secured, in the best money he can get, when its safety requires its collection. Under these limitations he must do what, under the circumstances and situation, prudent men, managing their own estates, would do, and, when doubting, seek the authority and direction of the proper court. With respect to transactions during the late war, he could not under any circumstances invest in Confederate securities property or lawful money already in his hands. Born v Lockport, 17 Wall. 570, 573, Lamar v ]klicou, 112 U. S. 452, 476.
If he fail in the discharge of his trust he is liable to parties injured thereby, as all trustees are liable in such cases. And parties combining and confederating with him to despoil the estate in any way may be held as participants in the devastavit and breach of trust. We may even concede the doctrine declared by the Court of Appeals of Virginia, that a debtor -who pays to an executor in depreciated currency a debt payable in gold or its equivalent, knowing at the time that the currency is not needed for the payment of debts or legacies, or other uses of the estate, and that the safety of the debt does not require its collection, may be also charged as a participant in the devastavit. Pattesonv BonJurant,30 Gratt. 94. The present case does not come under the doctrine. It falls within the class where, for debts payable in lawful money, the depreciated currency of the country where they were contracted and the executor resides can be used at its face value in payment of legacies, and, therefore, may be accepted by him without a breach of trust. The notes received had in October, 1862, to a great extent, superseded the use of coin, and become the principal currency of the Confederate States. All business transactions there were had with reference to them. They were a standard of value, according to which contracts were made and discharged. Having, therefore, an exchangeable value, they were sought for by residents within

GLASGOW v. LIPSE.
Opimon of the Court.
the Confederacy The resident executor there, however, hesitated to accept them in payment of the last bond of Spears, which, being made in October, 1860, must be considered as payable in lawful money, and he consulted the wishes of legatees in Virginia, among whom the greater part of the money was to be distributed. They desired him to take the notes, and received them in discharge of their distributive shares. So far as those legatees are concerned, their approval of his action was shown by their expressed wishes, and their acceptance of the notes. They, at least, are estopped from questionig the propriety of his conduct.
Glasgow's check called for dollars, and when it was received on deposit and placed to the credit of the resident executor, it was a matter between him and the bank whether he would receive Confederate notes for the amount. Had he been unwilling to receive them, and the bank had refused to give any other money, he should have notified the drawer, and, by returning the check, asked to be restored to his original position, but so far from taking that course he received them, and therewith paid the legatees in Virginia. Glasgow was informed when he gave the check that they wanted their money and were willing to take what he had offered. So, if we treat the check as intended to draw such notes, there is no ground on which the validity of the payment can be assailed, so far as the estate of Spears is concerned.
It is not necessary for us to determine whether or not theact of Virginia, allowing a resident fiduciary authorized to execute a power or do an act jointly with one or more fiduciaries residing out of the Confederacy, to exercise such power ,or do such act without the concurrence of the non-resident fiduciary, was a valid exercise of legislative power, so as to justify the resident executor in executing the deed. It is a sufficient defence to the present suit that the entire purchase money for the land was paid, for it is upon the -alleged nonpayment of the last two instalments that the suit rests. He had full authority to collect them, and it was not necessary that his co-executor should join in the receipts. Edmonds v. Crenshaw, 14 Pet. 166. If the deed did not pass the title, a

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Syllabus.
court of equity would, after such payment, compel those holding the legaltitle to execute a sufficient deed.
As to the rights of the legatees, including the co-executor, residing in Indiana, only a word need be said. If they have just ground to complain of the resident executor, and their rights can at this date be judicially enforced, they must proa ceed by suit against his representatives, or, excepting the coexecutor, against his sureties. 3forrow v Peyton, 8 Leigh, 54, Lzdderdale v 1?obmnson, 2 Brock, 160. When such suit is brought it will be time enough to consider how far the settlement of his accounts can be impeached, and how far any remedy is affected by alleged laches. At present these questions require no answer.
The decree of the court below must be Reversed,and the cause remanded, with directwns to dismzss
the suit.
NEW PROVIDENOE v. IALSEY
ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY.
Argued M[arch 8, 18S6.-Decided March 22, 1886.
In an action at law in a Circuit Court of the United States against a township to recover on bonds issued by the township, the plaintiff is not entitled to recover on bonds transferred to him by citizens of the State in which the town is situated for the mere purpose of being sued in a court of the United States. Bernard Township v Stebbins, 109 U. S. 841, affirmed and applied.
A municipal bond in the ordinary form is a promissory note negotiable by the law merchant within the meaning of that term in the act of March 3, 1875. Ackley School Districtv. Hall, 113 U. S. 135, affirmed and applied.
The issue of township bonds by commissioners under the act of the legislature of New Jersey of April 9, 1868, "to authorize certain towns in the counties of Somerset, Morris, Essex and Union to issue bonds and take stock in the Passaic Valley and Peapack Railroad Company," was conclusive as to the amount that could be put out under the statute and estopped the township from setting up against a bonafide holder that the issue was in excess of the amount authorized.

CONLEY v. NAILOR.
Opinion of the Court.
CONLEY v. IqATLOR & Others.
APPEAL FROM rHE SUPREME COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Argued April 12, 13, 1886.-Decided April 26, 1886.
In equity, each case to set aside a deed for incapacity of the grantor, or intoxication at the time of execution amounting to incapacity, must be decided on its own merits, without regard to previous decisions in cases differing in the facts.
When the complainant in a bill in equity neither demands nor waivei an answer under oath, and the respondent answers under oath, the answer is evidence on behalf of the respondent, conclusive if not contradicted.
A deed by a father for the benefit of his illegitimate child is upon a good and sufficient consideration; and if it contains a remainder to the mother of the child, and the child dies in the lifetime of the father, the conveyance is good as against the legitimate children of the grantor.
In order to cause a will or deed to be set aside on the ground of fraud and undue influence, it must be established to the satisfaction of the court that. the party making it had no freewill, but stood in vinculis.
When a married man, with a wife living, and a family of legitimate children, lives apart from them in illegal intercourse with another woman by whom be has an illegitimate child, and makes a conveyance of real estate for the benefit of that child with remainder to the mother and another conveyance to the mother for her own benefit, and the child dies, and it is not shown that the grantor was incapable of making the deeds, either by reason of the weak state of his intellect, or by reason of intoxication at the time of execution, or that there was fraud or undue influence, a court of equity will, after the death of the grantor, sustain the conveyances in favor of the mother as against the legitimate children.
This was a bill in equity to set aside four deeds under which the appellant, who was defendant below, claimed. The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
Mi. W. D. Davidge(Mir. IrvingWilliamsonwas with him on the brief) for appellant.
Afr. IF. A. Cook and 21fr. C. C. Cole for appellees.
Mr. JUSTmE WOODS delivered the opinion of the court. This was an appeal from a decree of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, by which certain deeds executed by

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Opinion of the Court.
one Allison lailor to Catharine Conley, the defendant and appellant, were declared null and void. The deeds were four in number, and under them the defendant claimed title to certain real estate, some of which was situate in the city of Washington, and the rest in Montgomery County, in the State of Maryland. The bill was filed by the widow and three of the four heirs of Nailor. The interest of the widow in the lands was as doweress, and her rights were conceded by the answer. Allison Nailor, Jr., the remaining heir, was made a defendant, and answered that he had received his share of his father's estate by advancement, and disclaimed any interest in' the property in controversy. The litigation was, therefore, virtually between the appellant and Washington. T. lailor, son, and Lizzie Trimble and Frances Clarke, married daughters of Allison Nailor, whose husbands, Matthew Trimble and James W. Clarke, were joined as plaintiffs.
The pleadings and evidence showed the following facts: In the latter part of the year 1869 Allison Nailor, who was then about fifty-eight or fifty-nine years of age, was the owner bf real estate in the City of Washington and in Montgomery County, Maryland, worth about $150,000, and was possessed of considerable personal estate. He had resided in the city of Washington for about fifty years. He had for many years been engaged in buying, and selling real estate, in keeping a livery stable, and in farming. He was shrewd and active in business, and had the capacity for making money and accumulating property. Much of the real estate which he owned in the city of Washington he let to be used for houses of ill-fame, and for sale by retail of spirituous liquors. For many years prior to 1869, and at least as early as the year 1854, he had led a dissolute and intemperate life. In 1869 he made the acquaintance of the defendant, who was then about twenty-one years of age. There is no averment or proof that prior to that time she was not a virtuous woman. In November or Decemberc of that year Nailor left his family and took up his residence with the defendant, and lived with her in concubinage until his death.
The deeds referred to in the bill were the following: The

CONLEY v. NAILOR.
Opinion of the Court.
first was a trust deed, dated and executed November 27, 1872, more than six years before the death of Nailor, and recorded May 27, 1873, which conveyed to the defendant, Catharine Conley, a lot on South 14th street, in the city of Washington, to hold in trust for the sole and separate use of Willie Earnest Nailor, who is described in the deed as the infant son of the grantor and the grantee. By rhe terms of the trust the grantee was to receive the rents and profits of the lot and apply the same to the education and support of the beneficiary. When the latter became twenty-one years of age the trust was to cease, and the title in fee simple was to vest in him. But the deed provided that, should "said Willie Earnest die before he arrives at the age of twenty-one years," "or without having disposed of the said piece or parcel of ground," then the title in fee simple should vest absolutely in the defendant.
The three other deeds were all dated and executed March 29th, and recorded early in April, 1878. One of these three deeds conveyed to the defendant certain other real estate in the city of Washington in trust for the sole and separate use of Mary Edna Nailor, who is described as the infant daughter of the grantor and grantee, upon trusts and uses similar to those contained in the first deed, and with a similar remainder to the defendant. The second of the three deeds conveyed to the defendant about one hundred and thirty acres of land in Montgomery County, Maryland, in trust for the benefit of the said Willie Earnest Kailor, upon trusts and uses similar to those contained in the deed of November 27, 1872, and with a similar remainder to the defendant. The last deed conveyed to the defendant, in fee simple, for her own use, about one hundred acres of land in Montgomery County, Maryland. The property conveyed by these four deeds was worth about $25,000. Willie Earnest Nailor died August 6, 1878, being nearly six years of age, and Mary Edna Nailor died August 8,1878, being nearly two years of age. Catharine Conley, therefore, claimed title in fee simple to all the property conveyed by the four deeds above mentioned. Allison Nailor died January 6, 1879.
The bill alleged three grounds for setting the deeds aside. The first was that the grantor was "demented and insane,"
VOL. CXVfI-9

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Opinion of the Court.
and mentally incapable of making the deeds; the second, that the only consideration for said deeds, "and each of them, was the illegal and criminal intercourse between said Allison Nailor, senior, and the said Catharine Conley, and that such consideration was illegal, alike contrary to public policy and common decency;" and the third, that the deeds had been procured by fraud and the undue influence of the defendant over the grantor. The bill neither required nor waived an answer under oath, but the defendant answered under oath, traversing all the averments of the bill upon which the prayer for relief was based. We shall notice the grounds upon which the cancellation of the deeds is demanded in the order in which we have stated them.
There is a large mass of evidence in the record introduced to prove that, from a long course of dissolute and intemperate habits, Kailor had become insane and incapable of transacting business. On the other hand there is, in our judgment, a great preponderance of evidence to show that when he executed the deeds, though in feeble health, he was of sound mind and capable of intelligently executing and making the conveyances. It would serve no useful purpose to discuss the evidence in detail. But there are some striking facts which should be stated. Of the forty-three witnesses for the plaintiffs who testify in regard to the mental capacity of lNailor, thirty-three give their opinion from having seen him when drunk. Of these thirtythree eighteen swear that they never saw him sober, three that they never saw him sober but once, and twelve that they seldom saw him when not intoxicated. Six other of the fortythree witnesses speak of him as incompetent to transact business when he had been drinking. Only four witnesses testify that he was incapable of doing .businesswhen sober. Three of these are plaintiffs in this case, namely W. T. Nailor, Matthew Trimble. and James W. Clarke. W. T. Kailor testifies generally that for the last eight .or ten y6ars of his life, Allison Nailor, his father, was incapable of transacting business, and that neither on November 27, 1872, when the first deed was executed, nor on March 29, 1878, when the other three were executed, was he mentally competent to make a valid

CONLEY v. NAILOR.
Opinion of the Court.
conveyance. But the same witness testifies that during the last year of his father's life he took from him a thirty years' lease for certain stables in the city of Washington, at a rent of $50 per month and the taxes on the property. Matthew Trimble and James W. Clarke both swear generally, the first that for the last three years, and the other that for the last six or seven years of his life, Allison Nailor was not competent to transact such business as the disposition and conveyance of valuable property. Fairly construed the testimony of these three plaintiffs may be considered to mean that, whether inebriated or not, Nailor was mentally incompetent during the latter years of his life to attend to business of moment. After Kailor left his family and went to live with the defendant, it does not appear that these witnessess had any better opportunities for observing his mental condition than many others. There is but one witness, not a plaintiff in the case, who testifies that during the time covered by the transactions' set out in the bill, Nailor, if sober, was not mentally capable of making the conveyances which the bill seeks to set aside.
The-question to be decided is not whether :Nailor had the mental capacity to make the conveyances when he was intoxicated, but whether he was competent when sober, and whether he was sober when he executed them. On these questions thd evidence does not leave us in doubt. There is abundant testimony to show that during the last six or seven years of his life, Nailor, though habitually intemperate, was often sober and free from the influence of intoxicating liquors. This fact is shown by the testimony of fourteen witnesses who swear that they had interviews with him, many of them frequently, during the time above mentioned, and found him entirely sober. Every one of these fourteen witnesses testifies to the sanity and capacity of Nailor for the transaction of business. These witnesses, a number of whom had dealings with him, assert his mental capacity in the strongest terms. Other witnesses, who did nbt state distinctly whether they had met him when not under the influence of drink, spoke of the soundness of his mind in the same way. Three witnesses testify that they had known Nailor, one for thirty, and the other two for

OCTOBER TERM1, 1885.
Opinion of the Court.
forty years, and had seen and talked with him while sober during the last year of his" life, and they concurred in the opinion that he was at that time of sound and capable mind.
The proof of Nailor's mental capacity extended to a period after the execution of ,he last three deeds. The physician who was attending his two children during their last illness, and who had frequent occasion to observe him when not at all under the influence of drink, testified to the soundness of his mind.
The apparent discrepancy between the witnesses for the plaintiffs and the witnesses for the defendant on the question of Nailors mental condition is, therefore, in a large degree reconoiled by the fact that the former give their opinions of Nailor's capacity when drunk and the latter when sober. In view of all the testimony on this branch of the case, it appears that Kailor, for many years before his death, had been dissolute and intemperate, and that during the last sdven or eight years of his life his health had gradually failed. Much of the time he was more or less inebriated, but he was frequently entirely sob9r. When drunk he was, like most other men, incompetent to -transactbusiness. When sober he was, down to his last illness, entirely capable of doing the acts which are assailed in this case. He was competent to make deeds, to understand their effect, and to know whether or not their execlution would accomplish his wishes. In all conditions, he was perverse, wilful, obstinate, and defiant of public opinion.
The next inquiry relates to Nailor's mental condition and capacity on the two occasions when he executed the deeds whose validity is questioned by the bill. The averment of the bill was that the deeds were made when he was intoxicated and mentally incapable. The charge that Kailor was intoxicated when the deeds were executed is without support in the evidence. So far, therefore, as it concerns the deed executed on November 27, 1812, the case must fail for want of proof, for if Nq for was then competent to make a -deed when sober, the plaintiffs to succeed in overthrowing that conveyance must show that when he executed it he was not sober, and this they have not attempted to do. In respect to the three deeds of

CONLEY v. NAILOR.
Opinion of the Court.
March 29, 1878, the proof of sobriety and mental capacity of Kailor when he executed them is positive and satisfactory. The deeds were signed and acknowledged by Nailor before Nicholas Callan, a notary public of Washington city. Callan testifies that he had known Nailor for more than forty years; that he had during that time done much conveyancing for him; that he had taken his aeknowledgment to more than a hundred deeds; that Nailor came to his office alone on March 29, 1878, for the purpose of signing and acknowledging the last three deeds in question; that he conversed with him; that his mental condition was good on that day; and that he was sober. The deeds were all prepared beforehand, and were brought by Nailor, who acknowledged them in the presence of the witness.
This evidence is unimpeached and uncontradicted, and is conclusive. Upon the whole record, therefore, in our judgment it plainly appears that Nailor was not intoxicated, and was mentally competent, when he executed the deeds which are the subject of this litigation.
The cases of Barding v. Hfandy, 11 Wineat. 103, and Alhore v. Jewell, 91 U. S. 506, are cited by the plaintiffs' counsel as authorities in law against this conclusion. These cases establish the proposition that extreme weakness of intellect, even when not amounting to insanity, in the person executing a conveyance, may be sufficient ground for setting it aside when made upon a nominal or grossly inadequate consideration. Conceding the correctness of this legal proposition, it can have no application to the present case, unless the facts are substantially the same. A cursory reading of the cases will show such a palpable difference in the facts, as to make it clear that they cannot be taken as controlling authority in this. Cases like the present must each stand upon its own facts, and, when the testimony shows that the grantor was sober and capable and well knew what he was doing when he executed the deed, no other case materially differing in its facts can furnish a reason for setting aside the deed thus executed.
The next ground alleged in the bill for annulling the deeds was, that the only consitleration for their execution was the

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Opinion of the Court.
illegal and criminal intercourse between Kailor and the defendant. There is no averment that the deeds were given in consideration of future criminal intercourse. The criminal intercourse averred must, therefore, be construed to mean past intercourse. Without pausing to consider whether or not past criminal intercourse is a sufficient consideration to support a deed, it is enough, upon this branch of the case, to say that the averment is without support by any testimony in the record. On the contrary, the deeds recite a valuable consideration, and the averment of the bill is flatly denied by the answer of the defendant made under oath. The answer, though not called for under oath, is evidence in behalf of the defendant. For, if a plaintiff in equity is unwilling that the answer should be evidence against him, he must expressly waive the oath of the defendant in his bill. See amendment to 41st Equity IRule. If he fails to do this the answer must be given under oath, and is evidence. This branch, therefore, of the plaintiffs' case breaks down, because all the testimony in the record upon the question of consideration is against the averment of the bill.
But it should be, Tpted here that three of the four deeds assailed by the bill were made by Nailor mainly for the benefit of the two children whose father he declared himself to be. The interest of the deferidant in the property conveyed was remote and contingent. If the deeds were valid when executed, the subsequent death of the children could not avoid them. It is not now open to question that a deed made by a father for the benefit of his illegitimate child, s upon good consideration, which will support the conveyance. Gay v. Parpart,106 U. S. 679; Bunn v. Titrnthrop, 1 Johns. Ch. 329; Zfook v. Prat, 78 N. Y. 371 ; .Mdrchdonems of Annandae v. Haiis,2 P. Wms. 432; Jenningsv. Brown, 9 M9. & W. 496.
The next and last ground alleged for annulling the deeds is that Nailor was induced to make them by the fraud and undue influence of the defendant. The ground upon which courts of equity grant relief in such cases is, that one party by improper means and practices has gained an unconscionable advantage over another The undue influence for which a will or deed will be annulled must be such as, that the party making it has

CONLEY v. NAILOR.
Opinion of the Court.
no free will, but stands in vinulio. "It must amount to force or coercion, destroying free agency." Stulze v. Sc&laefle, 16 Jurist, 909. See also IFilliams v. Goude, I Hagg. Eccl. 577; Armtrony v. Huddleston, 1 Moore, P. 0. 478. In Eckert v. Flounry,43 Penn. St. 46, it was said by Strong, J.: "Now, that is undue influence which amounts to constraint, which substitutes the will of another for that of the testator. It may be either through threats or fraud, but, however exercised, it must, in order to avoid a will, destroy the free agency of the testator at the time when the instrument is made." The rule upon this subject was thus stated in -Davi,v. Calvert, 5 Gill & J. 269, 302: "1Atestator shall enjoy full liberty and freedom in the making of his will and possess the power to withstand all contradiction and control. That degree, therefore, f importunity or undue influence which deprives a testator of his free agency, which is such as he is too weak to resist and will render the instrument not his free and unconstrained act, is sufficient to invalidate it."
Tested by these rules, the charge that the deeds in question were procured by the fraud and undue influence of the defendant is without support. On this branch of the case the plaintiffs have taken pains to prove that the defendant treated Nailor with great kindness and with unremitting attention tQ his wants and comforts, but they have shown nothing else. There is an absence of proof that the defendant used either threats, stratagem, importunity, or persuasion to induce Nailor to execate the deeds. In fact there is no evidence that the defendant even requested him to make them. On the other hand, the proof is abundant that the making of a provision for the children whom the defendant had borne him had long been his cherished purpose. As early as 1872, soon after the birth of his son Willie, he executed the first deed. In December, 1877, he executed a will for the sole purpose of providing for the two children then living borne him by the defendant, and for the defendant. Afterwards, conceiving that a provision by will was not as secure as one by deed, he executed the deeds in question, *in which he made precisely the same disposition of the property that he had previously made by the will. The

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Syllabus.
revision of 1870 the insolvent law was formally regnacted is entirely immaterial. If those laws had then been enacted for the first time, they would, so far as inconsistent with the bankrupt act, have been inoperative while that act remained in force, but upon its repeal would have come into operation. The enactment of the insolvent law during the life of the bankrupt act would have been merely tantamount to a provision that the former should take effect on the repeal of the latter. It follows that since the repeal of the bankrupt act all the provisions of the insolvent law of Louisiana have been valid and operative.
Although, as appears from what we have said, the charge of the court did not accurately state the effect of the cession by the surviving partners of the assets of the dissolved firm of A. Carriere & Sons, yet it is clear that upon the law and the facts the verdict of the jury 'was right. The error of the court, therefore, works the plaintiff no injury, and does not require a reversal of the judgment dissolving the attachment. Brobst v Brock, 10 Wall. 519, Phillips Construction Co. v Seymour, 91 U. S. 646.
Judgment affirmed.
PATOH v. WHITE.
I
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Argued November 12, 18sS.-Reargued january , 14, 1886.-Decided March 1, i886.
A latent ambiguity in a will, which may be removed by extrinsic evidence, may arise (1) Either when it names a person as the object of a gift, or a thing as the subject of it, and there are two persons or things that answer such name or description, or (2), when the will contains a mLsdescnption of the object or subject, as where there is no such person or thing in existence; or, if in existence, the person is not the one intended, or the thing does not belong to the testator.
When a careful study of the testator's language, applied to the circumstances by which he was surrounded, discloses an inadvertency or mistake in a description of persons or things in a will, which can be corrected without

PATCH v. WHITE.
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
adding to the testator's language, and thus making a different will from that left by him, the correction should be made. A made a will, in which, after saying "and touching [my] worldly estate," "I give, devise and dispose of the same in the following manner," he devised certain specific lots with the buildings thereon, respectively, to each of his near relations, and, amongst others, to his brother H a lot described as "lot numbered 6, in square 403, together with the improvements thereon erected." He then devised to his infant son as follows "the balance of my real estate, believed to be and to consist in lots numbered six, eight and nine, &c.," describing a number of lots, but not describing lot No. 3, in square 406, hereafter mentioned Held, (1) That the testator intended to dispose of all his real estate, and thought he had done so, (2) That in the devise to H he believed he was giving him one of his own lots, (3) That evidence might properly be received to show that the testator did not, and never did, own lot No. 6, in square 403, which had no improvements thereon, but did own lot No. 3, in square 406, which had a house thereon, occupied by his tenants, and that this raised a latenT ambiguity, and that this evidence, taken in connection with the context of the will, was sufficient to show that there was an error in the description, and that the lot really devised was lot No. 3, in square 406.
Ejectment. The question at issue was the construction of a will, the principal parts of which are set forth in the opinion of the court. The case was first argued November 12, 1885. The judgment below was affirmed by a divided court, November 26, 1885. On the 14th December this judgment was set aside, and a reargument was ordered, which was made Jannary 13, 14, 1886, by the same counsel.
Mrb John D .3ofPherson, and r Ccalderon Carlisle.for plaintiff in error, cited Bradley v Packet Co., 13 iPet. 89, Blake v Doherty, 5 Wheat. 359, Atkinson v Cummins, 9 How 479, Reed v Insurance Co., 95 U. S. 23, -Ma'rylandv. Railroad Co., 22 Wall. 105, -Doev Hiscockes, 5 X. & W 363, Finlayv ZKing, 3 Pet. 346, 376, Ingles v. Trustees,3 Pet. 99, Smith v Bell, 6 Pet. 68, Allen v Allen., 18 How 385, Eing v Ackerman, 2 Black. 403, Clarke v Boorman, 18 Wall. 493, Blake v Rawksns, 98 U. S. 315, Barry v Coombe, 1 Pet. 639, Allen v Lyons, 2 Wash. C. C. 475, Rivers' Case, 1 Atk. 410, Purse v Snarlin1, Atk. 414, Powell v Biddle, 2 Dall. 70, Calvert v den, 2 Harr. & McH. 279, 349, Doe v .Tuthwaite, 3 B. & Ald. 632, Bradshaw v T/onpson, 2 Y & Coll. Oh.

OCTOBER TERTM, 1885.
Opinion of the Court.
295, Doe v Greening,3 M. & S. 111, l3ewton V Lucas, 6 Sim. 54, .Miller v Travers, 8 Bing. 244, Doe v Roberts, 5 B. & Ald. 407, AMerriek v fermck, 37 Ohio St. 126, Cleveland v Spilman, 25 Ind. 95, XJoreland v Brady, 8 Oregon, 303, Selwood v 1fildmay, 3 Ves. 306, Door v. Geary, 1 Yes. Sr. 255, Pentecost v. Ley, 2 Jac. & Walk. 207, Clark v. Atkyns, 90 N. 0. 6299, Tucker v Seaman's Azd Society, 7 Met. (Mass.) 188, Button v American Tract Society, 23 Vt. 336, Trustees v Peaselee, 15 N. H1. 317, Dowsett v Sweet, Ambler, 175, Parsons v Parsons,1 Yes. Jr. 266, Smith v. Coney, 6 Yes. 42, Garth v Afeyrwk, 1 Bro. Oh. 30, Stockdale v Bushby, Cooper, 229, Doe v Danvers, 7 East, 299, Hfampshire v Pearce, 2 Yes. Sr. 216, Bradwzn v Harper, Ambler, 374, 2Jfosely v 3lassey, 8 East, 149, Exparte Hornby, 2 Bradford, 420.
M2Jr Talter D. Davzdge (.Xr J Holdsworth Gordon was with him) for defendant in error, cited Berry v. Berry, 1 H-arr. & Johns. 417, Creswell v Lawson, 7 G. & J 227, Rzdgley v Bond, 18 Maryland, 433, Saylor v Plazne, 31 Maryland, 158, -Linganv Carroll,2 Harr. & M]c. 328, Allen v. Allen, 18 How 385, .Finlayv. King,3 Pet. 346, Doe v Buckner, 6 T. R. 610, Hayden v Stoughton, 5 Pick. 528, .Millerv Travers,8 Bing. 244, Doe v. Hiscocks,5 M. & W 363, IFebber v Stanley, 16 C. B. N. S. 698, TFeatherheadv Baskerville,11 How 329, .3lackie v Story, 93 U. S. 589, Baylis v Attorney General,2 Atk. 239, Ulrch v. Littlefield, 2 Atk. 372, Taylor v. Richardson, 2 Drewry, 16, Shore v Wilson, 9 Cl. & Fin. 355, Kurtz v. ffibner, 55 ll. 514, Bishop v .forgan, 80 Ill. 357, Griscom v Evans, 11 Yroom. (40 N. J L.) 402, West v. Lawday, 11 H. L. Cas. 375, Drew v Drew, 28 N H=.(8 Foster) 489, Beallv Holmes, 6 Hlarr. & Johns. 206, Prestonv Evans,56 Maryland 476, Hammond v Hammond, 8 G. & J. 426, Dougherty v .vfonett, 5 G. & J. 459.
Mn. JUSTICE BRADLEY delivered the opimon of tie court. Ejeetment for two undivided thirds of a lot of land in Washington City, known on the plats and ground plan of the city as lot No. 3, square 406, fronting 50 feet on E Street north plea, not guilty The plaintiff, John Patch, now plaintiff in

PATCH v. WHITE.
Opinion of the Court.
error, claims the lot under Henry Walker, devisee of James Walker. The latter died seized of the lot in 1832, and by his last will, dated in September of that year, devised to Henry Walker as follows, to wit "I bequeath and give to my dearlybeloved brother, Henry Walker, forever, lot numbered six, in square four hundred and three, together with the improvements thereon erected, and appurtenances thereto belonging." The testator did not own lot number 6, in square 403, but did own lot number 3, in square 406, the lot in controversy, and the question in the cause is, whether the parol evidence offered and by the court provisionally received, was sufficient to control the description of the lot so as to make the will apply to lot number 3. in square 406. The judge at the trial held that it was not, and instructed the jury to find a verdict for the defendant. The court in General Term sustained this ruling and rendered judgment for the defendant, and that judgment is brought here by writ of error for review upon the bill of exceptions taken at the trial.
The testator, at the time of making his will, and at his death, had living a wife, Ann Sophia, an infant son, James, a mother, Dorcas Walker, three brothers, John, Lewis, and Henry (the latter being only eleven years old), and three sisters, Margaret Peck, Louisa Ballard, and Sarah McCallion, and no other near relations, and all of these are provided for in his will, if the change of description of the lot given to Henry is admissible, otherwise Henry is unprovided for, except in a residuary bequest of personal property in connection with others. The following are the material clauses of the will. After expressing the ordinary wishes and hopes with regard to the disposal of his body and a future life, the testator adds "And touching worldly estate, wherewith it has pleased Almighty God to bless me in this life, I give, devise, and dispose of the same in the following manner and form." He then gives and bequeaths to his wife one-third of all his personal estate, forever, and the use of one-third of his real estate for life. remainder to his infant son, James. He then proceeds "I bequeath and give to my dear and affectionate mother, Dorcas Walker, forever, all of lot numbered seven, in square one hundred and six, as

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Opimon of the Court.
laid down on the plan of the City of Washington, together with all the improvements thereon erected and appurtenances thereto belonging.
"I bequeath and give to my dearly-beloved brother, John Walker, forever, all of lot numbered six, in square one hundred and six, with the two-story brick house, back building, and all appurtenances thereto belonging.
"I bequeath and give to my dearly-beloved brother, Lewis Walker, forever, lots twenty-three, twenty-four, and twentyfive, in square numbered one hundred and six, together with a two-story brick building, with a basement story back building, and all appurtenances thereto belonging and erected on one or more of said lots.
"I bequeath and give to my dearly-beloved brother, Henry Walker, forever, lot numbered six, in square four hundred and three, together with the improvements thereon erected and appurtenances thereto belonging."
Then, after giving to his three sisters, and his infant son, respectively, other specific lots with houses thereon, he proceeds as follows
"I also bequeath and give to my infant son, James Walker, forever, the'balance of my real estate believed to be and to conszts zn lots numbered six, eight, and nine, with a house, part brick and part frame, erected on one of said lots, in square one hundred and sixteen, lots thirty-one, thirty-two, and thirtythree, in square numbered one hundred and forty, and a slaughter-house erected on one of said lots, lots numbered eight and eleven, in square numbered two hundred and fifty, and lot numbered twenty-eight, in square numbered one hundred and seven, and further, I bequeath and give to my infant son, James Walker, one thousand dollars, to be paid out of my personal estate, and applied at the discretion of his guardian hereinafter appointed, for the education of my son, James Walker." Ie then adds
"The balance of my personal estate, whatever it may be, I desire shall be equally divided between my mother, Dorcas Walker, my sister, Sarah [cCallion, and my brothers, John, Lewis and Henry Walker."

PATCH v. WHITE.
Opinon of the Court.
It is clear from the will itself1. That the testator intended to dispose of all his estate. 2. That he believed he had disposed of it all in the clauses prior to the residuary clause, except the specific lots thereby given to his son. 3. That when he gave to his brother, Henry, lot number 6, in square 403, he believed he was giving him one of his own lots. On general principles, he would not have given him a lot which he did not own, and he expressly says, "touching worldly estate, wherewith it has pleased Almighty God to bless me in this life, I give, devise, and dispose of the same in the followmng manner." 4. That he intended to give a lot with improvements thereon erected. Now, the parol evidence discloses the fact, that there was an evident misdescription of the lot intended to be devised. It shows, first, as before stated, that the testator, at the time of making his will, and at the time of his death, did not, and never did, own lot 6, in square 403, but did own lot 3, in square 406, secondly, that the former lot had no improvements on it at all, and was located on Ninth Street, between I and 1K Streets, whilst the latter, which he did own was located on E Street, between Eighth and Ninth Streets, and had a dwelling house on it, and was occupied by the testator's tenants-a circumstance which precludes the idea that he could have overlooked it. It seems to us that this evidence, taken in connection with the whole tenor of the will, amounts to demonstration as to which lot was in the testator's mind. It raises a latent ambiguity The question is one of identification between two lots, to determine which was in the testator's mind, whether lot 3, square 406, which he owned, and which had improvements erected thereon, and thus corresponded with the implications of the will, and with part of the description of the lot, and rendered the devise effective, or lot 6, square 403, which he did not own, which had ncr improvements thereon, and which rendered the devise ineffective. It is to be borne in mind that all the other property of the

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Opuuon of the Court.
testator, except this one house and lot, was disposed of to his other devisees, at least that was his belief as expressed in his will, and there is no evidence to the contrary, whilst this lot (though he believed he had disposed of it), was not disposed of at all, unless it was devised to his brother, Henry, by the clause in question. In view of all this, and placing ourselves in the situation of the testator at the time of making his will, can we entertain the slightest doubt that he made an error of description, so far as the numbers in question are concerned, when he wrote, or dictated, the clause under consideration 2 What he meant to devise was a lot that he owned, a lot with improvements on it, a lot that he did not specifically devise to any other of his devisees. Did such a lot exist 2 If so, what lot was it We know that such a lot did exist, and only one such lot in the world, and that this lot was the lot in question in this cause, namely, lot number 3, in square 406. Then is it not most clear that the words of the will, "lot numbered six, in square four hundred and three," contained a false description. The testator, evidently by mistake, put "three" for "six," and "six" for "three," a sort of mis-speech to which the human mind is perversely addicted. It is done every day even by painstaking people. Dr. Johnson, in the preface to his Dictionary, well says "Sudden fits of inadvertence will surprise vigilance, slight avocations will seduce attention, and casual eclipses of the mind will darken learning." Not to allow the correction of such evident slips of attention, when there is evidence by which to correct it, would be to abrogate the old maxim of the law "1_alsademonstratw non nocet."
It is undoubtedly the general rule, that the maxim, just quoted is confined in its application to cases where there is sufficient in the will to identify the subject intended to be devised, independently of the false description, so that the devise would be effectual without it. But why should it not apply in every case where the extrinsic facts disclosed make it a matter of demonstrative certainty that an error has crept into the description, and what that error is ? Of course, the contents of the will, read in the light of the surrounding circumstances, must lead up to and demand such correction to be made.

PATCH v. WHITE.

Opinion of the Court.

It is settled doctrine that, as a latent ambiguity is only dis-

closed by extrinsic evidence, it may be removed by extrinsic

evidence. Such an ambiguity may arise upon a will, either

when it names a person as the object of a gift, or a thing as

the subject of it, and there are two persons or things that

answer such name or description, or, secondly, it may arise

when the will contains a misdescription of the object or sub-

ject as where there is no such person or thing m existence,

or, if in existence, the person is not the one intended, or the

thing does not belong to the testator. The first kind of am-

biguity, where there are two persons or things equally answer-

ing the description, may be removed by any evidence that will

have that effect, either circumstances, or declarations of the

testator. 1 Jarman on Wills, 370, lawkins on Wills, 9, 10.

Where it consists of a misdescription, as before stated, if the

nnsdescription can be struck out, and enough remain in the

will to identify the person or thing, the court will deal with it

in that way, or, if it is an obvious mistake, will read it as if

corrected. The ambiguity in the latter case consists in the

repugnancy between the manifest intent of the will and the

rmsdescription of the donee or the subject of the gift. In such

a case evidence is always admissible to show the condition of

the testator's family and estate, and the circumstances by

which he was surrounded at the time of making his will. 1

Jarman on Wills, 364, 365, 1 Roper on Legacies, 297, 4th ed.,

2 Williams on Executors, 988, 1032. Mr. Williams (afterwards

Mr. Justice Williams) says "Where the name or description

of a legatee is erroneous, and there is no reasonable doubt as

to the person who was intended to be named or described, the

mistake shall not disappoint the bequest. The error may be

rectified.

1. ]By the context of the will, 2.To a cer-

tain extent by parol evidence.

A court may inquire

into every material fact relating to the person who claims to

be interested under the will, and to the circumstances of the

testator, and of his family and affairs, for the purpose of en-

abling the court to identify the person intended by the testator." pp. 988-989. Again he says, on page 1032 "Mistakes

in the description of legacies, like those in the description of

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Opinon of'the Court.
legratees, maybe rectified by reference to the terms of the gift, and evidence of extrinsic circumstances, taken together. The error of the testator, says Swinburne, m the proper name of the thing bequeathed, doth not hurt the validity of the legacy, so that the body or substance of the thing b.equeathed is certain As, for instance, the testator bequeaths his horse Criple, when the name of the horse was Tulip, this mistake shall not make the legacy void, for the legatory may have the horse by the last denomination, for the testator's meaning was certain that he should have the horse, if, therefore, he hath the thing devised, it is not material if he hath it by the right or the wrong name." See also Roper on Legacies, 297.
The rule is very distinctly laid down by Sir James Wigram, who says "A description, though false in part, may, with reference to extrinsic circumstances, be absolutely certain, or at least sufficiently so to enable a court to identify the subject intended, as where a false description is superaddeat to one which by itself would have been correct. Thus, if a testator devise his black horse, having only a white one, or devise his freehold houses, having only leasehold houses, the white horse in the one case and the leasehold houses in the other would clearly pass. In these cases the substance of the subject intended is certain, and if there isbut one such substance, the superadded description, though false, introduces no ambiguity, and, as by the supposition the rejected words are inapplicable to any subject, the court does not alter, vary, or add to the effect of the will by rejecting them." Wigram on Extrinsic Evidence, 53. Of course when the author speaks of the rejected words as being "inapplicable to any subject," he means inapplicable because the subject isnot in existence, or does not belong to the testator.
The case of the Roman Catholic O)phiaa Asylum v. -Emmons, 3 Bradford, 144, which arose before the Surrogate of New York, well illustrates the application of the rule. There a testatrix bequeathed her shares of the Mechanics' Bank stock to the Orphan Asylum. She had no bank stock except ten shares of the City Bank. Surrogate Bradford, in a learned opinion, held that the word "Mechanics" must be rejected as inappli-

PATCH v. WHITE.
Opimon of the Court.
cable to any property ever owned by the testatrix, and the rejection of this word left the bequest to operate upon any bank stock possessed by her, and so to pass the City Bank shares. See also a learned note of Chief Justice Redfield, 10 Am. Law Reg., N. S.93, to the case of Zurtz v Hibner, 55 Ill. 514, in which he strongly disapproves the decision in that case.
Chief Justice Marshall, in Finlay v. .iAg's Lessee, 3 Pet. 34:6, 377,lays down the general rule that underlies all others. "The intent of the testator," says he, "is the cardinal rule 'in the construction of wills, and if that intent can be clearly perceived, and is not contrary to some positive rule of law, it must prevail, although in giving effect to it some words should
be rejected, or so restrained in their application, as materially to change the literal meamng of the particular sentence."
But it is not our intention to review or classify the decisions. They are legion. The intrinsic difficulty of stating the rule as applicable to all cases is such as to make it presumptuous in any one to attempt to chain it down and fix it in the form of a verbal definition. Sufficient appears from the authorities already quoted to show that, whilst no bill in equity lies to reform a will, because its author is dead, and his intent can only 1)e known from the language he has used, when applied to the circumstances by which he was surrounded, yet a careful study of that language and of those circumstances will generally disclose any inadvertency or mistake in the description of persons or things, and the manner in which it should be corrected, without adding anything to the testator's language, and thereby making a different will from that left by him. We will only quote further, an observation of Chief Justice Thompson, of New York, in Jackson v. Sill, 11 Johns. 201, which is very pertinent to the present discussion. In that case the court rejected the extrinsic evidence offered to remove a supposed latent ambiguity in a will, for the very good reason that it appeared, on examination, that no ambiguity existed. But the Chief Justice justly said "It is undoubtedly a correct rule in the construction of wills, to look at the whole will for the purpose of ascertaining the intention of the testator in any particular part, where such part is ambiguous. But where the

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Dissenting Opimon Woods, Matthews, Gray, Blatchford, JJ.
intention is clear and certain, and no repugnancy appears between the different parts of the will, no such aid is necessary or proper." Of course, in the case of a latent ambiguity such repugnancy can only appear by means of the evidence which discloses the ambiguity
In view of the principles announced in these authorities, the case under consideration does not require any enlargement of the rule ordinarily laid down, namely, the rule which requires in the will itself sufficient to identify the subject of the gift, after striking out the false description. The will, on its face, taking it altogether, with the clear implications of the context, and without the misleading words, "six" and "three, " devises to the testator's brother, Henry, in substance as follows "I bequeath and give to my dearly beloved brother, Henry Walker, forever, lot number-, in square four hundred and -, together with the improvements thereon erected and appurtenances theretq belonging-being a lot which belongs to me, and not specifically devised to any other person in this my will." In view of what has already been said there cannot be a doubt of the identity of the lot thus devised. It is identified by its ownership, by its having improvements on it, by its being in a square the number of which commenced with four hundred, and by its being the only lot belonging to the testator which he did not otherwise dispose of. IBy merely striking out the words "six" and "three" from the description of the will, as not applicable (unless interchanged) to any lot which the testator owned, or instead of striking them out, supposing them to have been blurred by accident so as to be illegible, the residue of the description, in view of the context, so exactly applies to the lot in question, that we have no hesitation in saying that it was lawfully devised to Henry Walker.
DTe judgment 's reversed, and the cause remanded, wil directtons to award a new trzal.
MR. JusoE WooDs, with whom concurred Mn. JusTicE
XATTHws, MR. JUsTic- GRAY and MnP.. JusTicn. BLATcHmonn,
dissenting. Mr. Justice Matthews, Mr. Justice Gray, Mr. Justice Blatch-

PATCH v. WHITE.
Dissenting Opinion Woods, Matthews, Gray, Blatchford, JJ.
ford and myself cannot concur in the judgment of the majority of -thecourt.
The suit was an action of ejectment in which the will was offered in evidence to prove the plaintiff's title. The property in controversy was lot three, in square four hundred and six, in the city of Washington. The plaintiff claimed under a devise of lot six, in square four hundred and three. The devise was as follows "1I bequeath to my dearly beloved brother, Henry Walker, forever, lot numbered six, in square four hundred and three, together with the improvements thereon erected and the appurtenances thereto belonging." The devise does not describe the property sued for. Extrinsic edence to aid the devise was offered by the plaintiff, who insisted that it was admissible for the purpose of removing a latent ambiguity
Latent ambiguities are of two kinds first, where the description of the devisee or the property devised is clear upon the face of the will, but it turns out that there are more than one estate or more than one person to which the description applies, and, second, where the devisee or the property devised is imperfectly, or in some respects erroneously, described, so as 'to leave it doubtful what person or property is meant.
It is clear that if there is any ambiguity in the devise under consideration it belongs to the latter class. But there is no ambiguity The devise describes the premises as lot six, in square four hundred and three. It is conceded that there is such a lot and square in the city of Washington, and but one, and it is not open to question what precise parcel of land this language of the devise points out. It clearly, and without uncertainty, designates a lot on 9t4, street, between I and K streets, well known on the map of the city of Washington, whose metes and bounds and area are definitely fixed and platted and recorded. The map referred to was approved by President Washington in 19, and recorded in 1794. Thousands of copies of it have been engraved and printed. All conveyances of real estate in the city made since it was put on record refer to it, it is one of the muniments of title to all the public and private real estate in the city of Washington, and

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Dissenting Opimon Woods, Matthews, Gray, Blatchford, JJ. ,
it is probably better known than any document on record in the District of Columbia. The accuracy of the description of the lot devised is, therefore, matter of common knowledge, of which the court might even take judicial notice.
Nor is any ambiguity introduced into the description by the words "with the improvements thereon erected and the appurtenances thereto belonging," or by the testimony which was offered to prove that at the date of the will and of the death of the testator the lot described in the devise was unimproved. It is plain that the words "improvements thereon erected" were a convevancer's phrase of the same nature as the words which immediately followed them, namely, "and the appurtenances thereto belonging," and the whole phrase is simply equivalent to the words "with the improvements and appurtenances." The words "with the improvements thereon erected" were not intended as a part of the description of the premises, which had already been fully and accurately described, but were used, perhaps, as a matter of habit, or perhaps out of abundant but unnecessary caution, to include in the grant improvements that might be put upon the premises between the date of the testator's will and the date when it took effect, namely, at his death. The phrase is one not commonly used to identify the premises, and was not so used in this devise. There is persuasive evidence of this in the will. For in eight other devises of realty the testator particularly describes the character of the improvements. Thus, in the devise to his brother, John Walker, the improvements are described as a "two-story brick house, back building;" m the devise to Lewis Walker as "a two-story brick building, with a basement story back building," in the devise to Margaret Peck of four lots, as "a two-story frame house erected on lot 27", in the devise to Louisa Ballard, as a "three-story brick house", in the devise to Sarah McCallion, as a "frame house," in the devise to James Walker of two lots, as "two two-story brick houses", and in the residuary devise to James Walker of the testator's real estate as "a house part brick and part frame," and "a slaughter-house." There is no proof that any of the other real estate mentioned in the will was improved. There is, there-

PATCH v. WHITE.
Dissenting Opimon: Woods, Matthews, Gray, Blatchford, JJ.
fore, no doubt about the identity of the lot described in the devise.
But even if the words under discussion were used to carry the idea that the property mentioned in the devise was improved, and it turned out to be unimproved, these facts would not make the description ambiguous or uncertain. For it is a settled rule of construction, that if there be first a certain description of premises, and afterwards another description in general terms, the particular description controls the general. Thus, in Goodtitle v. 8outhern, 1 M,. & S. 299, it was held that by a devise of "all my farm called Trogues-farm, now in the occupation of 0.," the whole farm passed though it was not all in C.'s occupation. See also .Miller v. Travers, 8 fBing. 244, Goodrzgit v Pears,11 East, 58.
Another cognate rule, well settled in the law, is also applicable here, and that is that where there is a sufficient description of premises, a subsequent erroneous addition will not vitiate the description, and we may reject a false demonstration. Doe v. Galloway, 5 B. & Ad. 43, Law v Hempstead, 10 Conn. 23, Bass v .Afitchell, 22 Texas, 285, Peck v .- fallams, 10 N. Y 509, 532, Abbott v. Abbott, 53 Maine, 356, 360, Doanev Wilcutt, 16 Gray, 368, 371, Jones v Robinson, 78 N. C. 396, 3 Washburn on Real Property, 629.
Upon these established rules, as well as upon the general sense and practice of mankind, it is beyond controversy that a lot described in the words used in the devise in question would pass either by will or deed, though it should turn out that the lot was unimproved. The description is as particular and precise as if the metes and bounds, the area, and the street on which the lot was situated, and every other particular of size and situation, had been given. The identity of the lot is settled beyond question. Upon the authorities cited the description is not rendered ambiguous or uncertain by the use of the general words "with the improvements erected thereon," even though there be no improvements. It follows that the description of the premises in controversy, contained in the devise, was good and sufficient, and upon well settled rules of law, free from doubt or ambiguity

OCTOBER TERAM, 1885.
Dissenting Opinon Woods, Matthews, Gray, Blatehford, JJ.
It is, therefore, beyond controversy that if the testator had been the owner of lot numbered six, in square four hundred and three, it would have passed by the devise, and the sufficiency of the description could not have been challenged. The only ground, therefore, upon which the plaintiff can base his contention that there is a latent ambiguity in the devise, is his offer to prove that the testator did not own the lot described in the devise, but did own another which he did not dispose of by his will. This does not tend to show a latent ambiguity It does not tend to impugn the accuracy of the description contained in the devise. It only tends to show a mistake on the part of the testator in drafting his will. This cannot b cured by extrinsic evidence. For, as Mr. Jarman says, "As the law requires wills, both of real and personal estate (with an inconsiderable exception), to be in writing, it cannot, consistently with this doctrine, permit parol evidence to be adduced either to contradict, add to, or explain the contents of such will, and the principle of this rule evidently demands an inflexible adherence to it, even where the consequence is a partial or total failure of the testator's intended disposition, for it would have been of little avail to require that a will ab origmne should be in writing, or to fence a testator around with a guard of attesting witnesses, if, when the written instrument failed to make a full and explicit disclosure of his scheme of disposition, its deficiencies might be supplied, or its inaccuracies corrected, from extrinsic sources." 1 Jarman on Wills, 4th and 5th eds., 409.
If there is any proposition settled in the law of wills, it is, that extrinsic evidence is inadmissible to show the intention of the testator, unless it be necessary to explain a latent ambiguity, and a mere mistake is not a latent ambiguity Where there is no latent ambiguity there no extrinsic evidence can be received. The following cases support this proposition
In Iiiller v Travers, 8 Bing. 244, Tindal, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and Lyndhurst, Chief Baron of the Exchequer, were called in to assist Brougham, Lord Chancellor. Their joint opinion was delivered by Tindal, Chief Justice. The case was this The testator devised all his freehold and real estate in the county of Limerick and city of Limerick.

PATCH v. WHITE.
Dissenting Opinon Woods, Matthews, Gray, Blatchford, JJ.
The testator had no real estatein- the county of Limerick, but his real estate consisted of lands in the county of Clare, which were not mentioned in the will, and a small estate in the city of Limerick, inadequate to meet the charges in the will. The devisee offered to show by paro evidence that the estates in the county of Clare were inserted in the devise to him, in the first draft of the will, which was sent to a conveyancer to'make certain alterations not affecting those estates, that by mistake he erased the words "county of Clare," and that the testator, after keeping the will by him for some time, executed it without adverting to the alteration as to that county The case was considered on the assumption that the extrinsic evidence, if admitted, would show that the county of Clare was omitted by mistake, and that the land in that county was intended to be included in the devise. But the evidence was held inadmissible to show that the testator intended to devise property which had been omitted by mistake.
So in Box v Barrett,Law Rep. 3 Eq. 241, 249, Lord Romilly, Master of the Rolls, said. "because the testator has made a mistake you cannot afterwards remodel the will and make it that which you suppose he intended, and as he would have drawn it if he had known the incorrectness of his supposition."
In Jackson v ;Sill, 11 Johns. 201, 212, which was an action of ejectment, the defendant claimed under the following devise to the testator's wife "I also give to my said beloved wife the farm which I now occupy, together with the whole crops," &c. In a subsequent part of his will the testator mentioned said prenses as his lands. It turned out that the premises in controversy were, at the time the will was made, and at the death of the testator, in the possession of one Salisbury under a lease for seven years. The plaintiff offered testimony to show that the testator intended to devise the premises as a part of the farm which he occupied himself and of which he died possessed. Chief Justice Thompson, afterwards a Justice of this court, in delivering judgment, said "I think it unnecessary to notice particularly the evidence offered, for it is obvious that, if it was competent, especially that of Mr. Van Vechten,, it would

OCTOBER TERMI, 1885.
Dissenting Opinion: Woods, Matthews, Gray, Blatchford, JT.
have shown that the premises were intended by the testator to be devised to the defendant Sill. The will was drawn, however, by Mr. Van Vechten under a misapprehension of facts, and under a belief that the testator was in the actual possession of the premises. It is, therefore, a clear case of m'stake, as I apprehend, and under this belief I have industriously searched for some principle that would bear me out in letting in the evidence offered, but I have searched in vain, and am satisfied the testimony cannot be admitted m a court of law, without violating the wise and salutary provisions of the statute of wills, and breaking down what have been considered the great landmarks of the law on this subject."
In Tucker v SeamaW's Azd Socety, 7 Met. (Mass.) 188, the testator gave a legacy to the "Seaman's Aid Society in the City of Boston," which was the correct name of the society The legacy was claimed, however, by another society called the Seaman's Friend Society Chief Justice Shaw, in stating the case, said "It is also, we think, well proved by the circumstances which preceded and attended the execution of the will, as shown by extrinsic evidence, that it was the intention of the testator to make the bequest in question to the ' Seaman's Friend Society,' and at the time of the execution of the will he believed he had done so;" "that the testator was led into this mistake by erroneous information honestly given to him by Mr. Baker who drew his will," "that the testator acted on this erroneous information-erroneous as to his real purpose, as it now appears by the evidence--and made the bequest to the Seaman's Aid Society by their precise name and designation." The court, therefore, held that there was simply a mistake and no latent ambiguity, and that extrinsic evidence was inadmissible.
It is unnecessary to extend this opinion by other extracts from the adjudged cases. The quotations we have made are from masters of the law The following additional authorities will be found to sustain the proposition we have stated C9Meyney's Case, 5 Rep. 68, .Doev Oenden, 3 Taunt. 147, Smith v. .Maitland,1 Yes. Jr. 362, Chcambers v. .Xinchn, 4 Yes. 675, and note, Doe v. Nrestlace,4 B. & Ald. 57, 2Newburgh v 2New

PATCH v. WHITE.
Dissenting Opimon: Woods, Matthews, Gray, Blatchford, XT.
burgh,5 Madd. 364, 6CJemrntsonv Gandy, 1 Keen, 309, Brown v. Salton.tall,3 Met. (Mass.) 423,426, .a,nn v Mllann, 1 Johns. Oh. 231, Yates v Cole, 1 Jones Eq. (N. 0.) 110, Ialkton v Witte, 5 Maryland, 297, Cesar v. Chew, 7 G. & J 127, Fitz*patreckv. Fizpatrek,36 Iowa, 674, Kurtz v Hibner, 55 Ill. 514.
Our conclusion is, therefore, that, as the evidence offered and rejected was for the purpose of explaining a latent ambiguity when there was no ambiguity, either latent or patent, it was properly rejected.
The opinion of the court in tins case allows, what seems to us to be an unambiguous devise to be amended by striking out a sufficient description of the premises devised, and the blank thus made to be filled by ingenious conjectures based on extrinsic evidence. This is in the face of the statute of frauds in force in the District of Columbia, where the premises in controversy are situate. Fifty years after the unequivocal devise in question, as written and executed by the testator, had, as required by law, been placed upon the records of the District for the information of subsequent purchasers and incumbrancers, it is allowed to be erased, and, by argument and inference, a new one substituted in its place. This is not construing the will of the testator, it is making a will for him.
The decision of the court subjects the title of real estate to all the chances, the uncertainty, and the fraud attending the admission of parol testimony, in order to give effect to what the court thinks was the intention of the testator, but which he failed to express in the manner reqmred by law

CLAY v. FREEMAN.
Syllabus.
CLAY & Another v. FREEMAN & Another.
APPEAL FROM THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR
THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF MfISSISSIPPI.
Submitted January 12, 1S6.-Decided April 26, 1886.
The surviving partner of a partnership after payment of the partnership debts, may retain the partnership propertyuntil the indebtedness of the firm to him is paid, if no proceedings are taken against him to enforce a settlement: in such case if the statute of limitations runs against anybody, it is against the representatives of the deceased partner.
A and B became partners in 1855 for the purpose of carrying on a plantation in Mississippi owned by them jointly as partners. B furnished the larger part of the capital, and received the firm's notes for the amount advanced by him in excess of A's advances. A died in 1859, and his administrator and B carried on the partnership business until the outbreak of the war, without a settlement. In July, 1867, B died, having been for some time administrator of A (but without receiving any property or filing any account), and leaving surviving his sole heir and daughter P, who became of age in November, 1869. On the death of B, C was appointed administrator of each estate, and obtained a decree of court for sale of the real estate. It was struck off at the sale to P in December, 1869; the amount of the purchase money was credited on the partnership notes ; and P entered into possession; but the whole proceeding subsequently proved to be illegal and invalid, and the supposed sale and transfer to be void. In 1876 dower in the estate was allotted to the widow of A in a proceeding in which P contesfed her right to it. In 1880 the widow began suit, which is still pending, to recover damages for dower, and about the same time the heir at hw of A, having come of age, sued to recover an undivided half interest in the real estate, claiming that the partnership debts were outlawed. P then brought this bill in equity to settle the partnership business, and to charge all the real estate, including the undivided interest of the heir at law of A therein, and the interest of the widow, with the partnership debts. Reld: That the statute of limitations could not be set up by the heir at law of A or by-the widow against P; that P was the proper party to bring the suit ; that the cancellation of the sale restored P to her rights as partnership creditor; and that while the coM would not st aside the assignment of dower, no further exaction for detention would be enforced.
In equity. The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
-Mr. William L. Nvugent for appellants.
TOL. cxvm-7

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.

Opinion of the Court.

-Yr. F'r"ak Jon8ton and 2lr. T . lees.

Kreighan for appel-

MRa. JusTicE Bi iux delivered the opinion of the court. This case was commenced by bill in equity filed in the court below in July, 1882, by Pattie A. Clay and Brutus J. Clay, her husband, citizens of the State of Kentucky, against Lucy C. Freeman and C. L. Freeman, her husband, and David I. Field, citizens of the State of Missouri. As the bill was dismissed on demurrer, and the appeal is from the decree of dismissal, it is necessary to state its principal allegations. The facts alleged are substantially as follows: In 1855 Christopher L Field, (of whom the complainant, Pattie A. Clay, is'only child and heir-at-law,) and his brother, David I. Field, (of whom the defendant, Lucy C. Freeman, is the widow, and the defendant, David I. Field, is only child and heir-at-law,) jointly purchased a plantatioii in Bolivar County, Mississippi, called the Content place, for the purpose of carrying it on in partnership, under an agreement by which said David was to possess, manage, and control the partnership property for the firm, and the partners were to be equally interested in the property and business. They were also *equally to bear losses and expenses, and to share equally the profits realized but Christopher, being a man of large wealth, did not have the same necessity for calling upon the firm profits as David did. The style of the partnership, as advertised by the partners, was David . Field & Co., or D. L Field & Co. The plantation and its equipment of slaves and implements cost from $60,000 to $70,000, the_ lands alone costing about $54,000. Of this capital Christopher advanced $15,541.26 mnore than David, which advance was, made in the.years 1856, 1857, 1858, and 1859, and four partnership 'notes. were executed by David and delivered to Christopher as evidence of these advances, which notes were as follows, namely:

1. "$7385r3A. On or before the first day of January, 1858, the concern of David I. Field & Co. will be owing C. I. Field the sum of seven thousand three hundred and eighty five -

CLAY v. FREEAN.
Opinion of the Court
dollars for money advanced the concern for payment for the .Leach land and cash advanced for the purchase of negroes in K'y in the summer of 1856, and to bear six per Qent. interest from maturity, or when due. This 23d Decr., 1856.
"D. I. FIEL-D & Co. [s.FAT.]"

2. "The concern of -David I. Field & Co. is.owing to C. I. Field the sum of five thousand six hundred and sixty-six and two-thirds dollars (it being that amount advanced by him of payment to Kirk, balance on concern-note due him 1st day of
January last); he is to he paid six per cent. for said amouit from date until paid. This 20th March, 1$51.
"DAvm I. FT.i & Co."

[On this note is endorsed- a credit as follows:

"$243.50. Rec'd on the within note the sum of two hundred and forty-three -0adollars on settlement of articles pur-
chased at D. I. Field's sale of personal property by 0. I. Field and D. I. Field & Co., this 1st day January 1861.
"C. I. Fimi."]

3. "Due C. I. Field, or order, the sum of eleven hundred dollars ($1100), it being money this day advanced by paying to Wm.Kirk, through his draft on Hewitt, Norton & Co., of New Orleans, this fifth day of June, 1858.
"D. L Fism & Co. [sE.]"

4.

"BoLrvAR, Jne l3tk, 1859.

"Due C. I. Field, or order, one thousand three hundred and eighty-nine dollars -.2A, for value rec'd, on settlement to this

date (to this date).

"D. I. Fmrm & Co."

David I. Field (whom for the sake of brevity we will call D. I. Field) conducted the plantation; and lived on it until his death, which took place on the 11th of Septenber, 1859 ; and from that time until the commencement of the late war, it was

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.

Opinion of the Court.

conducted by his administrator, one E. H. Field. His widow,

Lucy, the now defendant, soon after his death, removed to Lex-

ington, Kentucky, with her infant son, David I. Field, junior,

one of the defendants in this suit; and after her marriage with

her present husband, C. S. Freeman, she removed to Missouri

to reside with him, and neither she, nor her son, has ever lived

in Mississippi since. At the time of his death, D. L Field owed

individually (including his half of the firm debt due to his

brother, C. L Field), $11,000 or $12,000, all of which debts, and

all the firm debts except the debt due to C. L Field, Wvere paid.

On the 12th of December, 1859, C. I. Field probated and reg-

istered his claim against the estate of D. I. Field, and to the

proof thereof annexed the following memorandum, to wit:

"David I. Field & Co. is a firm consisting of the estate of

David I. Field and C. I. Field, partners in the Kirk plantation,

known as the Content place. All the within notes are joint

notes of the firm to C. I. Field, consequently one-half of the

within claim is chargeable to the estate of D. I. Field. This

the 10th Dec'r, 1859.

(Signed)

C. I. FIELD."

Nothing was realized from the plantation during the years

1859, 1860, and 1861, more than sufficient to keep it up. In

1859 there was a bad overflow of the river; in 1860 there was

barely sufficient for expenses, and the crop of 1861 was de-

stroyed by the Confederate soldiers under military orders.

Christopher I. Field then took the slaves (about thirty in

number) to Texas to prevent their being dispersed, and after

the war was ended, brought them back, and endeavored to

work the plantation again; but as few of the slaves, after ob-

taining their freedom, were willing to remain on it, very little

could be done, and the'tlace was worked at a loss. Christo-

pher I. Field died on the-18th of July, 1867, leaving his daugh-

ter Pattie, the complainant, his sole heir-at-law, who came of

full age on the 22d of November, 1869. A few months before

his death he was appointed administrator de bonis non of his

brother David, but nothing came to his hands as such admin-

istrator, and he filed no account. After his death, Brutus J.

Clay, senior, (father of Brutus, one of the complainants,) was

appointed administrator, both of the estate of Christopher and

CLAY v. FREEMAN.
Opinion of the Court.
of his brother David, and assumed the management of the plantation; but by reason of dilapidation, growth of brush, and overflows of the river, realized nothing beyond taxes and expenses as long as he had the charge.
On the 2d of November, 1868, Brutus J. Clay, senior, as administrator of David I. Field, presented a petition to the probate court of Bolivar County, Mississippi, representing the estate of said David to be insolvent, and praying for an order to sell his property, real and personal, for the payment of his debts. Schedules were annexed to the petition, showing that there was no personal property, that the only real estate was the said David's half interest in the plantation of Content, and that his debts consisted of one-half of the notes given to Christopher as before mentioned. The petition stated that David's widoi, Lucy, and his only child and heir, David, jr., and his guardian, one Scott, resided in Lexington, Kentucky, and prayed an order of publication citing all parties interested to appear, &c. Upon this petition and the proceedings had in pursuane thereof, a decree was made .by the probate court in March, 1869, declaring that the estate was insolvent, and authorizing and directing the administrator to sell the lands described in the petition. In pursuance of this decree and advertisement, duly published, D. I. Field's one-half interest in the plantation was sold at public auction on the 20th day of December, 1869, and struck off to the complainant, then Pattie A. Field, by her attorney, for the sum of $6000. The complainant gave her a receipt for the amount of purchase money, less the costs, which was credited on the notes by the administrator, and she received a deed for the property purchased, and went into possession, and has remained in possession, by herself and'her husband, or her tenants, ever since that time, except as to the dower of the defendant, Lucy C. Freeman, hereafter mentioned. The sale was made in good faith and in the belief that it was valid. On the 1st day of December, 1869, shortly before the sale took place, a new constitution of Mississippi went into operation, which abolished the probate court and established a chancery court for each county, having, amongst other things, the former jurisdiction of the probate court; and, by a law passed the 4th

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Opinion of the Court.
of May, 1870,it was enacted that all causes and proceedings remaining undisposed of in the court of probate of each county should be transferred to the chancery court. The proceedings in this case were not formally transferred, but are actually on file in the clerk's office of the chancery court for Bolivar County aforesaid.
The bill then states the results of the working of the plantation from 1870 to the time of the filing of the bill, showing that no profits were realized, but that the complainant incurred a loss of from $2500 to $3000, in consequence 9f the dilapidations consequent upon the war, severe overflowing of the river, and other causes for which the complainant was not responsible. Vouchers are exhibited with the bill for taxes, expenses, and repairs by her paid and incurred.
In 1873 Lucy C. Freeman (then Lucy C. Field) filed a petition in the chancery court of Bolivar County for her dower in one undivided half of the Content plantation, aiid in 1875, a decree for allotment of dower was made, which decree was affirmed by the Supreme Court of the State in 1876, so far as said Lucy's legal right to dower was concerned. The complainant and Brutus J. Clay, senior, by way of defence to the suit, set up the partnership, the indebtedness to Christopher I. Field, the fact that the plantation was partnership property, and liable for the partnership debts before any dower could be had therein, and also set up the sale of David I. Field's interest by order of the, orhans' court. But this defence was overrdled as not a goodcdefence at law. The Supreme Court in affirming the decree, however, declared that the~right of C. I. Field's estate arising out of the partnership and the partnership debts was not affected by the proceedings in dower, and that the defendants, or tenants; in that suit, were left free to litigate the same with the said Lucy. ' Her dower was thereupon set off to her in November, 1819, and complainants hoped she would he therewih- content, and did not further resist her taking .possession df her dower. But in.w September, 1880, she filed a bill for damages in dower, which is now pending in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of Mississippi.

CLAY v. FREEMAN.
Opinion of the Court.
On the 27th of November, 1880, David I. Field, junior, who had then come of age, commenced an action of ejectment in the said Circuit Court for an undivided half of said plantation as heir of his father, David I. Field, senior, and demanded $20,000 for mesne profits. The complainant filed a plea, and the suit was still pending at the time of filing the bill jn this case.
The bill states that shortly after the sale made on the 20th of -December, 1869, Brutus J. Clay, senior, made his final settlement as administrator of the estates of David I. Field and Christopher I. Field, in the chancery court of Bolivar County aforesaid, and was discharged; and'that there has since been no administrator of either of said estates: E. H. Field also settled his accounts as administrator of David I. Field's estate and was discharged: All of the personal property of the partnership of David I. Field & Co. was lost or destroyed without any negligence bf Christopher I. Field, surviving partner, as the result of the war, at the end of which the only property of the pprtnership left was the Content plantation: That no -partof the partnership notes given to Christopher as aforesaid has ever been paid: The complainant insists that this debt is a charge on the property prior to any claim of the widow, Lucy, or of the heir David I. Field, junior: D. L Field's estate is insolvent, the one-half of said lands being now insufficient to pay said notes and the interest thereon: C. I: Field, at the time of his death, ,owed nothing, or if anything, all his debts are paid off and discharged: All the partnership debts, except the said debt due to the estate of 0. I. Field, have been paid off and discharged: The complainant, Pattie A. Clay, now holds said debt as his sole heir-at-law and dis-
tributee. The prayer is, that an account of the partnership may be
taken, and that the assets may be marshalled, and the said debt paid out of the assets of the partnership, including said plantation-the complainant proffering an account of all moneys received therefrom, and claiming credit for all taxes, expenses and repairs. The prayer then proceeds as follows: "or if this nonorable court should adjudge and determine that the said proceedings in the probate court of said county of Bolivar con-

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Opinion of the Court.
stitute an election binding upon her, and that they estop her from proceeding otherwise than as against the undivided half interest of said David I. Field, deceased, in said plantation for the half of said partnership debts due to her ancestor, your orators in that event pray that after the amount due her as such heir-at-law and distributee upon such accounting shall be ascertained and fixed, the said undivided half interest of said David I. Field in said plantation shall be sold under the proper decree of this court, thus carrying into execution the decree of said probate court of Bolivar County, rendered in the matter of the administration of the estate of said David I. Field, deceased; but if this honorabli court should adjudge and determine that your orators are not entitled to either of the special reliefs hereinbefore prayed, they then pray that this honorable court may decree that your orators have a lien upon the said undivided half interest of said David I. Field, deceased, in said plantation for the said sum of six thousand dollars, and the interest thereon from the 20th day of December, 1869, lessened by any balance that may be found due by her upon such accounting to be had in the cause as may be adjudged to be fair and equitable; and if it be determined that your oratrix has lost her right to proceed against said plantation, as assets of said partnership for the payment of said partnership debts to her said ancestor, they pray that an accounting may I ia,1 between them and the said EIucy C. Freeman, in connection with her claim as propounded in and by her bill of complaint, upon such principles and in such manner as this honorable court shall adjudge to be fair and equitable; or, if mistaken in the relief sought, then for such other, further and general relief and decree as to equity belongs and your orators can require. In the meantime your orators, hereby confessing they are without valid title to the undivided half interest of said David I. Field in said plantation, but claiming and insisting that in no event can they be held to account to said defendants in two separate proceedings concerning the rents of said plantation, and that the whole controversy between them and said defendants, their- agents and attorneys, be enjoined, inhibited. and restrained from further prosecuting their said

CLAY v. FREEMAN.
Opinion of the Court.
suits in this honorable court against your orators, and on final hearing that said injunction be perpetuated."
This bill was dismissed by the court below as upon demurrer. Other proceedings were had; but, in view of the course which was finally taken in the cause, it is not necessary to notice them. The ground on which the bill was dismissed was lapse of time. The sale of David I. Field's interest by order of the Probate Court in 1869 was held to be void. This was also so held in the action of ejectment brought by David I. Field, junior, the reason assigned being that the Probate Court had no jurisdiction of accounts between partners, and that the administratoe gave no bond as required by law. On writ of error from this court in that case the judgment of the Circuit Court was affirmed. See Clay & TVFfe v. Field,115 U. S.260. But that action affected only the legal title; and the question still remains, unless precluded by lapse of time, whether in equity, the lands, being partnership property, are not liable to the debts of the partnership prior to any claim of the widow and heir of D. I. Field.
As before said, the couit below placed its decree upon the lapse of time, holding that, as the partnership was dissolved by the death of David I. Field, senior, in September, 1859, a suit for an account of the partnership transactions could not be brought in 1882, after a lapse of twenty-three years; or, deducting five years for the continuance of the war, after a lapse of eighteen years.
If this were simply a bill to enforce the settlement of an account this reasoning would be very apposite. But it is not. It is a bill to prevent a dispossession of property until the equitable charges against that property are adjusted and settled. Of course the adjustment and settlement of those charges involves an account of the partnership transactions. But that account was no less claimable, at any time, by the estate of D. I. Field than it was by that of C. I. Field. The primary object of the present bill, though it involves a taking of the account, is to prevent the complainants from being dispossessed of the property until their claim against it has been discharged.

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Opinion of the Court.
If a pledgee holds property as security for a debt, the statute of limitations does not affect his right to hold the pledge until the debt is paid; it does not authorize the debtor to claim the pledge without paying the debt.I The creditor is in possession. If the statute runs against any one, (so far as relates to the pledge,) it runs against the pledgor. The creditor, by operation of the statute, may lose his right of action for a personal judgment against the debtor; but lie has a right to hold on to the pledge until the debt is paid. It is the debtor's concern to see that he does not lose his right to redeem the pledge.
So, a mortgagee in possession, if satisfied with the mortgage security, need have no anxiety about the statute of limitations. That is the concern of the mortgagor. Unless he redeems in proper time, he will lose his equity of redemption.
The same rule applies in the case of partnership property in the possession of the surviving partner; he has a right to hold it until the debts of the firm are paid, and if the firm is indebted to him, he has a right to hold it until he is paid. It is true, it is his duty to dispose of the partnership prope.rty, and settle the partnership debts. But that is a duty to which he may, at any time, be compelled by the representatives of the deceased partner; and although his neglect or delay in winding up the concern may expose him to the animddversion of the court, and to the vigorous exercise of its power to compel him to do his duty, it will not relieve the partnership assets in his hands from the lien of the partnership debts. Being in.possession of those assets, he is not affected by the statute of 3,mitations. If the statute runs against anybody, it runs against the representatives of the deceased partner in relation to their right to call him to account. The proposition that the. partnership property can be taken out of the surviving partner's hands, and distributed among the several partners and their representatives without a settlement and payment of the partnership debts, including any balance due the surviving partner himself, is a proposition that equity will not for a moment entertain.
The other side, it is true, have prevailed at law; but 'they cannot prevail in equity. It would be strange, indeed;

CLAY v., FREEMAN.
Opinion of the Court.
if the principal capitalist of the firm, who advanced much the largest amount of money in the concern, should be brought in debt to his co-partner. The thing is unreasonable on its face; and it cannot stand the test of a juridical examination.
The reason why the matter lay so long without any movement being made on either side, (except that of Lucy C. Freeman for her dower,) is probably this: On the side of C. 1. Field and his representatives it was supposed that the decree of the Probate Court declaring the insolvency of D. I. Field and ordering a sale of his property topay his debts, and the sale made in pursuance thereof, ended all further inquiry or controversy. On the side of D. I. Field's family, it is probable that the same idea prevailed; or, if not, that the land was not supposed equal in value to the lien upon it. The infancy of D. I. Field, jr., would hardly have deterred his mother and guardian from prosecuting his interest if they had thought it worth prosecuting. The idea that David junior could get the land without paying the debt on account of lapse of time is probably of recent growth.
But whatever the reasons for inaction may have been, C. L Field and his representatives and heir-at-law have always, since the war, remained in possession, and the heir cannot, in equity,. be ousted of that possession without a settlement of the accounts. It is very doubtful, indeed, whether without this possession, even a technical plea of the statute of limitations, or lapse of time analogous thereto, could be sustained. After the death o D. I. Field, his administrator, E. H. Field, and C. I. Field, by mutual consent, continued the partnership until the breaking out of the war. Of course, neither party could have claimed that the statute was running during that period, under those circumstances. It did not run during the war. It did not commence to run, therefore, until April, 1866. 0. I. Field died fifteen months afterwards, (in July, 1867,) and for several of those months he had been administrator of his brother's estate, no one being such for the remainder of the time. Of, *course, he could not sue himself. Then Brutus J. Clay, senior, was appointed administrator of both estates, and so far as appears, continued such, (except as discharged from active trust

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Opinion of the Court.
on settlement of his accounts,) down to the period of his death, which occurred, as stated in the bill, in October, 1878, since which time there has been no personal representative of either estate. We do not see, therefore, how the statute of limitations, or lapse of time, can be set up against the complainant, Pattie A. Clay, the heir-at-law of C. I. Field.
That she is a proper party to bring this suit we think is very clear. She is the only person in the world interested in C. L Field's real or personal estate. In the realty she is legally interested as heir-at-law; in the personalty she is the only beneficiary. If new letters of administration were to be taken out it would be for her benefit. There are no creditors; there are no debts due the estate except the one debt due from the partnership. The plantation is partnership property, standing in the joint names of the .partners, but liable for the partnership debts. C. I. Field and his administrator held it in possession subject to the lien of those debts. She, as their successor, and the only person beneficially interested, still holds that possession. We think it would be highly inequitable to deprive her of that possession at the suit of the heir of D. I. Field, the debtor, without k'ayment of the debt under the lien of which she holds it, or, at least, without bringing the debt into account against the property itself and any rents and profits which she and her predecessors in interest may have realized therefrom. Her position is really one of defence. She has possession, and an attempt is made, under a technically legal title, to deprive her of that possession; whilst that legal title is a merely formal one, since, as before said, the lands are partnership property, and assets, in equity, subject to the partnership debts; and her possession as sole successor in ifterest to her father cannot be disturbed without doing' equity to her,-by allowing her to bring .the notes, with interest, (now belonging to her,) into account against those assets. The sale made by order of the probate court having been adjudged void, its incidents and consequences are void-such as the receipt given for the balance of the $6000 purchase money, and the endorsement thereof on the notes. The lTtter will stand for their full amount, with interest, less the endorsement of $243.50 made by C. I. Field.

LORING v. PALMER.

1 321

Statement of Facts.

ject of the suit is, to compel them to pay for a benefit actually received.
In every aspect in. which the case can be viewed, it seems to me that the decree of the Circuit Court was not only just and right, but in accordance with sound principles of American law, and ought to be affirmed.
I am aifthorized to say that MR. TUSTICE HARLAN agrees with me in opinion.

LORIT & Another v. PALMER.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR
THE' EASTERN DISTRICT OF MICHIGAN.
Argued March 18, 19, 1886.-ecided May 10, 1886.
A series of letters and agreements passing between the parties interested, all relating to the same property, which, when read together, show a purpose in all the parties to create a trust respecting it, and which express and define that tust an4 the parties and their respective interests, creates a trust fully expressed and clearly defined within the meaning of the statute of the State of Michigan which, enacts that "express trusts" may "be created" "for th&ebQueficial interest of any person or persons when such trust is fully expressed and clearly defined on the face of the instrument. creating it."
When a conveyance of land is made to two or more persons, and the deed is; silent as to the interest whicli each is to take, the presumption will be that. the interests are equal. This rule applies to two or more cestuis qus trust,. beneficiaries under a common deed of trust, and prevails in Michigan.
The statute of Michigan which enacts that "every disposition of Lind" "shall be directly to the pers6n in whom the right to the possession and the profits. shall be intended to be vested, and not to any othef to the use of or in trust for such person ; and*if made to one or more persons, in trust for ot to the. Ase of another, no estate legal or equitable shall vest in the trmstee," does not apply to a trust not expressed in the deed, but created by an independent instrument or instruments, executed at a different time, or times, from. the execution of the deed.
This was a: suit in equity brought by Charles H. Palmer, the appellee, against Elisha T. Loring and Charles A. Welch, the
voL. cxvwI-21

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Statement of Facts.
appellants, to obtain a cQnveyance of one undivided third part of the N. I of the N. W. ,and of the N. W. j of the S. W. j, sec. 23, T.56, N. 1*.33 W., Houghton County, Michigan, containing. in all "120 acres, on the ground that the lands were bought from Thomas F. Mason for Loring, Palmer, and William B. Frue, and the title taken by Loring in trust for himself and his associates. The material facts were these:
From the year 1856, and perhaps before, Palmer, Loring, and Frue had been engaged in the purchase of lands in the upper peninsula of Michigan, in the formation of mining corporations, and in the purchase and sale of mining stocks. Frue resided at the time in Houghton County, which was in the upper peninsula, Palmer at Pontiac, Michigan, and Loring at Boston, Massachusetts; but Palmer spent much of his time at the peninsula and in its vicinity.. During all the time the purchases were generally made and the titles, both of lands and stocks, taken in the name of Loring, as trustee fcr all the par-
ties in interest. Among other lands purchased in this way were some which were afterwards put into the Ossipee Mining Company, a mining corporation promoted by these parties, with a capital stock consisting of 20,000 shares, of which Loring and Frue each owned 2250, and Palmer 2220.
Under these circumstances Palmer and Frue met Thomas F. Mason, of New York, at Houghton, and negotiated with him for the purchase of the lands in question. The price was to be $20,000, payable $5000 downr $7500 in six months, and $7500 in eight months, with interest at the rate of seven per cent. per annum on the last two sums. No contract was executed at the time, as Mason preferred a form which he had at home, and the matter was postponed until he got there, with the understanding that Loring should execute the formal contract in New York, and pay the $5000. 'A memorandum of the transaction was, however, made at the time and assented to by both parties. This memorandum has been lost, but the testimony showed that it was substantially the same as the contract made with Loring, hereinafter referred to, except that either "Charles H. Palmer and William B. Frue" were named as vendees, or "Charles 11. Palmer and his associates."

LORING v. PALMER.
Statement of Facts.
The day that this occurred Palmer wrote -from Michigan to Loring, in Boston, as follows:
"KEARSARGE MINNG COMAZ, OALUMr, MicH., June 18th, 1868.
"E. T. LoRiNG, EsQ. "Dear Sir: I have this day bought of T. F. Mason the
following lands in the Hecla section 23, namely, the north half of the northwest quarter, and the northwest quarter of the southwest quarter, in all 120 acres, for $20,000, $5000 down, $7500 in six months, and $7500 in eight months, with 7 per cent. interest on the last two sums. I had the contract drawn up and was ready to pay him the $5000 down; but as he had just come from Ontonagon and the boat was to leave in two hours, he preferred to return to New York and write such a contract as he had given Hurlburt on his purchase, and have you execute the contract and pay him the $5000. He will then send you the contract, and I want you to see it carried out in all respects. Mason agrees that if you are away or do not do this, he will send it to me to do, and to carry out as I have agreed to do. Mr. Mason has given me his word, in the presence of Frue, that all this shall be done as he agreed, and that I shall have the land-making his word as good as his deed. There was not time to do this before Mason left, and I want you to treat him in this matter without doubting him at all. I will write you again this evening and send the contract I had drawn up. He has a copy of it, with the terms, as I have stated. This matter is very important. The purchase will add to the Ossipee five dollars per share at once in actual valfie. I do not want anything said of this at all. You will see by this that we shall get a division with the Hecla so as to get what will make a mine out of it by itself. We can make the Calumet vein by this over 3200 feet in length. The purchase is very important. I send this by the hands of Randall, and will write again to-night by mail. Do not mention this. If you can, I would go to New York and see Mason and close this at once. In no case will this be neglected. It is a fortune to us if well handled. Mason has the contract which

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.

Statement of Facts.

I drew up, and will show-it to you. But this will tell you what

is to be done. I give a sketch of the land. When I present

the whole matter you will see how important it is to us. We

can take from Hecla from 1550 to 2305 feet in length, and still

give them 6ut of this purchase double the amount of mining

value that we get from them. The fact is, this ground bought

is worth more to them than the ground next to Ossipee. It is

for this reason that I do not want anything said till we have

fully considered this matter together and see how we shall

open it to Shaw. This is a rough sketch of the land bought.

The yein is nearer to it than I have given the dotted lines, as

if made to divide between them.- Hecla would be free then to

give us 100 acres, 50 of which would carry the vein, and we

should give them 100, all of which would carry the vein. You

will see the importance of this matter, and that we should not

say anything till wt consult. The Hecla is rich and we can

make the Ossipee as rich.

"Truly yours,

CnARL. s H. PALMEk."

The next day he wrote again as follows:

"KEARSAiRsn MIr=G OMPAIWYf

"E. T. LoiNxG, ESQ.,

CALUMET, XMie., June 19th, 1868.

"Dear Sir: I have drawn a map of the land bought of Ma-

son. The Hecla owns all in the section, but the 40 and 80.

You may say that Shaw will not do anything about it. We

can wait as long as he ban, as we have enough to mine till the

]Hecla needs some of this land. The least I would take now

would be the 80 next the Ossipee, through which the lode runs,

and most likely with the right of mine perpendicular to the

vein in the direction of the line A B. I do not think best now

to say anything to Shaw about this. I have given on the other

side the land in the Calumet section 14, bought by Hurlburt.

I could have bought this a year ago last winter for $40,000, in-

cluding the 120 now bought. If I had done so, we could now

have this land in 23 for nothing, as Shaw will have to buy

Hurlburt out even at $100,000. Stanton, who now has the

Huron, is intending to buy Hurlburt out in 14, and I wish you.

would see him when he returns, and urge him to do it. Hurl-

LORING v. PALMER.

Statement of Facts.

burt bought of Mason some 1200 acres of land in 14, 15, 11, 22,

and 28. If Stanton can get the land in 14, 480 acres, and the

land in 22, on the east half, I should like it, as the'land in 22

is desirable for us. Hurlburt offered the land in 14 to Stanton

for Huron stock. This would be a good thing for Stanton. I

shall write Stanton on this subject. This matter is not to be

talked about. I had a long talk with Stanton, and he is in-

clined to buy it. He has let Hurlburt have money.

"I send the duplicate of the contract -I gave Mason. Mason

is to write a contract like his contract with Hurlburt, and send

to you. Mason talked this"matter over with Frue and myself,

and says we shall have this land as agreed, and that his word

is as good as his deed. I trust nothing will be left undone to

carry this out, and you had 'better go to New York and see it

done. We shall get out of Hecla all I have indicated. The

land we would exchange is more convenient on surface and

underground for them than what they would give us. It will

be under their machinery and improvements. This is a great thing for Ossipee. You had better telegraph me as soon as

this is done, as I shall be most anxious about it. I wrote you

to-day and sent by Randall, and I write this by mail, I shall

put a note on this for Burr to open, in case you should be absent.

On the $5000 to be paid down, pay interest if Mason wants it.

If Burr reads this, I wish him to see all is done which he can

do. Send the $5000 in case you are not there to execute the

papers, saying that you will execute them aid return them as

soon as you get home, as they can be sent to you. I do not

want anything by which Mason can get out of this. He agreed.

that if there was any hindrance on your part, to send them to.

me to execute.

"The S. P. is doing finely, 30 tons a week. To-day 50 tons

have been shipped, and by Monday morning there will be at

the smelting works 60 tons unsmelted. I think we have a sure

thing in the S. P. We must make a family concern of Ossipee,

and I would not sell any stock in it. We can make it put on its own importance. This we will do. I see this matter clearly.

I write in haste and do not read'over.

"Truly yours,

C(ARLES H. PALMEI.

326

OCTOBER TERM, 18'85.

Statement of Facts.
"Be particular to say nothing about Stanton's wishes. We need not buy any Hecla unless upon good .time and satisfactory prices. We shall have a Hecla of our own. I think the S. P. will improve upon what she is now doing. The 40.acres is less than 350 feet from line of vein. In case you want us to raise $5000 .here, write us or telegraph, and we will use it for the mine."

Enclosed in this was a copy of the memorandum made whil6 -Mason was in Michigan. After the receipt of these letters Loring wrote and perhaps telegraphed to Palmer approving
the purchase. On the 25th of June Loring also wrote W. Hart Smith, of
New York, as follows:

"OFFICE OF THE SouTnI PEW.ABiC COPPER Comap.NY,

31 Kilby Street

BosToN, June 25, 1868.

"W. HART SmTr, Esq., Treas8., .lew Yo'k.

"Dear Sir: I received letter this morning from Mr. Palmer,

who is very desirous I should see Mr. Mason before leaving for the Lake, which I intended doing on Saturday, therefore telegraphed you this morning, requesting to be advised as soon as

Mr. Mason returned, which I will thank you to do by telegraph at the earliest date, as this may enable me to leave here on Saturday evening's boat and see Mr. Mason on Monday morn-

ing, if not before.

"Truly yours,

E. T. LoRnG."

Smith was the treasurer of the Quincy Mining Company, of,
which Mason was president. On the next day, June 26, Mason, in New York, wrote T. Henry' Perkins, in Boston, as follows:

"T. HENRY PERKINs, Esq. "Dear Sir: I send herewith contract for sale of 120 acres of'
land, which I wish you to [-] Mr. Loring, and have him ,execute, either for himself or Mr. Palmer, (I made the trade

LORING v. PALMER.

Statement of Facts.

with Palmer,) fill in the name of whichever Mr. L. desires,

and deliver over to :Mr. Loring upon his paying you $5000.

"If Mr. Loring is not prepared to comply, you will not press

the matter, but return the papers, I was tempted to sell by

the offer, but perhaps I made a mistake; probably I might ob-

tain more from the Hecla Company by holding long enough.

"Mr. Palmer requested the transaction kept private for the

present, so you will please say nothing about it.

-*

*X

*

*X

*X

*

"Truly yours,

Tros. F. IMsow."

Between the date of this letter and June 29, Perkins flled the blanks in the contract with the name of Elisha T. Loring, trustee, and Loring signed itas trustee.- He also made the down payment of $5000, which was remitted by Perkins to Mason, so that he got it in New York on the 29th, and on the
same day Palmer, in Michigan, received from Loring, -n Boston, a telegram dated the 27th, stating that the contract had been closed and that he would start for Lake Superior the same day.

The following is a copy of the contract which was thus executed:

"This agreement made the eighteenth (18) day of June, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight, between Thomas F. Mason, of the city, county and State of New York, of the first part, and Elisha T. Loring, trustee, of the city of Boston, county of Suffolk, State of Massachusetts:
"Witnesseth, that said party of the first part, in consideration of the sum of twenty thousand dollars to be paid as hereinafter mentioned, hereby agrees to sell unto the said party of the second part all the following described premises, to wit: situated in the county of Houghton and State of Michigan, the north half of the northwest quarter, and the northwest quarter of the southwest quarter of section twenty-three, in township fifty-six, north of range thirty-three west; which said premises the said party of the second part hereby agree to purchase and

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Statement of Facts.
pay for in manner following, to wit: the sum of five thousand dollars on the execution and delivery of this instrument, the sum of seventy-five hundred dollars at the expiration of six months from the date thereof, and the sum of seventy-five hundred dollars to be paid eight months after the date thereof, with interest on the sum of fifteen thousand dollars, at and after the rate of seven per cent. per annum, from the date of this instrument till the same shall be paid. ."It is further agreed, between the parties to this instrument, that said Mason, the party of the first part, will receive the said sum of fifteen thousand dollars, or any part thereof, at any tilhe prior to the dates of payment hereinbefore mentioned, and that, upon the payment of the entire sum of fifteen thousand dollars and interest, the party of the first part shall make, execute, and deliver to the party of the second part, or his assigns, a proper deed for the conveying and assuring to him the feesimple of said premises free from all encumbrances, which deed shall contain a general warranty and the usual full covenants.
"It is further agreed, that said party of the second parb shall be entitled to immediate possession of said lands and premises herein described, and shall pay all taxes or assessments of every name and nature assessed and imposed on said lands and premises after this date.
"It is further hereby expressly understood and agreed, that the said terms of payment mentioned in this contract are hereby made material, and that the failure to pay any of said instalments or interest on the days named for the payment thereof, shall render this contract absolutely null and void, and that any instalment paid before such failure shall, by such failure, be forfeited, and that, whatever amount may be paid, any failure of payment of any of said instalments and interest, as the same shall fall due and become payable, shall make this contract absolutely void, and all rights, interests, or titles under this contract shall be forfeited, and all and every equity and right in the said party of the second part, his heirs or assigns, shall thereby determine and become void. The clause in this contract mentioned, relative to the execution of a deed of the

LORING v. PALMER.
Statement of Facts.
said party of the second part, being, by the agreement' of the parties hereto, expressly made subject to the agreement of forfeiture in case of any failure of payment of said instalments and interest, as the same shall fall due and become payable.
"It is further understood and agreed, that each and every of the stipulations hereinbefore in this contract mentioned shall apply to and bind the heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns of the respective parties.
"In witness whereof, the parties to these presents have hereunto set their hands and seals the day and year first above written.
"Tnos. F. MAsox. "E. T. lorNG, Thuatee. "Sealed and delivered in presence of"WM. HART SmTE, as to signature of T. F. Mason. "H. F. ATWOOD, as to signature of E. T. Loring,.Trustee."
On the 22d of June Palmer telegraphed from Michigan to Loring that he had paid $5000 for him, Loring, there, and asking that he pay the same amount to Mason and execute the contract. This was Frue's money, and it was afterwards so treated by all the parties. The remainder of the purchase money was paid by Loring when it became due, and as soon as the payments were made in fall Mason conveyed the property as called for by the contract.
No moneys were paid by Palmer to Loring with particular instructions to use them in paying or the land, but Loring had for some years been acting as the financial agent of Palmer in Boston, and the accounts as stated by the master showed quite a considerable balance of interest in favor of Palmer at the end of the years 1867 and 1868, respectively. At first the credits to Palmer were principally from the sales of stocks, but during the years 1867 and 1868 they were mostly the proceeds of the discounts of Palmer's notes, endorsed by Loring. In the latter part of the year 1868 the credit of both the parties seems to have been somewhat impaired, and there was considerable difficulty in raising money to meet maturing obligations. The first instalment on the contract with Mason fell due December 18, 1868, and there were notes of Palmer

'330

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.

Statement of Facts.

which had been discounted maturing about the same time to a considerable amount. To raise the means to meet these maturing obligations Palmer, at the request of Loring, sold stocks of his own, from which $15,000 in money was realized. The sale was negotiated before the instalment on the contract fell due, but the price was not paid until December 21, $5000, and Eecember 2S, $10,000. All this money was paid over promptly ·:o Loring for"Palmer's credit, and the accounts stated by the riaster show that on the 31st of December there was a balance due from Lbring 7 Palmer of $17,059.25, and that the're was a balance of interest account in Palmer's favor for the year of $775.55. In this statement of the account no charge is ,made against Palmer for any share of the purchase money under the Mason contract. On the 18th of February, 1869, when the last instalment to Mason fell due, the accqunts show a balance in .favor of Palmer of sometlia6 more thin $10,000. Between that time and March 201h this atpunt was substantially all Ased in payment of Palmer's maturing notes, but on the last date Palmer sold other stocks, from which $S000 in money was realized, and put to his credit. After that, in August, other notes were paid, and at the end of the year there was a balance against Palmer of $1065.1S, though the interest account for the year showed a balance in his favor of $302.35. Here the transactions between the parties seem to have stopped, but on the 15th of March, 1872, brinc S
of Palmer which he still held in his hands, from which $12,975 were realized, and afterwards during the year other sales were made, so that on the 31st of December, 1872, the accounts showed a balance in favor of Palmer amounting to $15,964.45, which included a balance of interest account in his favor since the last statement of $637.96.
In the, statement of the accounts to this time, for some reason, no :charge was made against Palmer for certain stocks purchased in 1867, the price of which was $6275, nor for any part of the Mason purchase, bt the amount otherwise to his credit with' Loring was sufficient to pay these items in full, principal and interest.. 6nd still leave a balance due Palmer at the date of the 'decree amounting to $527.52.

LORING v. PALMER.
Statement of Facts.
On the 16th of Mareh,.°1869, Loring, at the request of Palmer, endorsed on a copy of the contract with Mason a declaration as follows:
"BosToN, ]tfar 16, 1869. "Whereas Thomas F. Mason has deeded to E. T. Loring, in trust, the lands described in the within document, and received therefor in payment the sum mentioned therein, with the interest: Therefore be it known, for value rec'd, I hereby acknowledge that 0. H. Palmer, or Win. B. Frue,one or either of them, jointly or separately, are the owners of the undivided one fourth part of said lands, and I hereby obligate myself, heirs, and executors to account to said Palmer, or his assigns, for one fourth part rec'd for the lands in question whenever a sale shall be made of the same.
"Esia T. LonG. "Witness: J&3ms MOORE."
This represented the interest paid for with Frue's $5000, and Palmer obtained it at Frue's request, so that he, Frue,might have something to show for his interest in the land. Afterwards, on the 22d of, May, 1869, Loring conveyed to Frue an undivided one fourth of the property, and he claims no further interest.
On the 22d of February, 1869, Loring wrote Palmer as follows:
"I therefore deem it my'duty, and as an act of courtesy towardb you, to notify you that whatever additional proportion you wish to secure for yourself in section 23, it will be necessary for you to remit the amount of the cest of such additional portion as you desire prior to the 20th of March, otherwise I shall consider as mine and retain the three fourths interest in section 23 which I have paid for."
In October, 1871, Loring sued Palmer for a balance claimed to be his due on general account, and the bill pf particulars showed the amount demanded to be large. Nothing was claimed for payments on account of the Mason purchase. This suit was pending until June, 1874, when it was discontinued, and on the first of July, 1875, Loring conveyed the

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Argument for Appellants.
land to Welch in trust for him, Loring, and his children. This suit was begun December 20, 1875. The Circuit Court tendered a decree in favor of Palmer, and from that decree this appeal was taken.
.Xr. Josep - 7io~e (ilt. 1 -Walk-erwas with him) for
appellants. I. The evidence was not sufficient to establish, under the
statutes of Michigan, an express trust in Loring as to the lands in question, for the benefit of the complainant, to the extent of an undivided third, or any other portion of the property. Uses and Trusts, except as authorized by the statute, are abolished, and every estate and interest in lands is deemed a legal estate except as authorized. 2 Howell's Annotated Statutes,
§ 5563. The provisions of § 5573, Howell's Stat., areas follows:
"§ 5573. Express trusts may be created for any or either of the following purposes:
"1. To sell land for the benefit of creditors. "2. To sell, mortgage or lease lands, for the benefit of legatees, or for the purpose of satisfying any charge thereon. "3. To receive the rents and profits of lands, and apply them to the use of any person, during the life of such person, or for any shorter term, subject to the rules prescribed in the last preceding chapter. "4. To receive the rents and profits of lands, and to accumulate the same for the benefit of any married woman, or for either of the purposes and within the limits prescribed in the preceding chapter. " 5. For the beneficial interest of any person or persons, 4hen such trust is fully expressed and clearly defined upon the face of the instrument creating it, subject to the linifitations as to time prescribed in this title." The 5th provision is peculiar to the statutes of -Michigan and Wisconsin. 'By it the sufficiency of the proof of the creation of the supposed trust must be measured. The Michigan Statute of Frauds, which will be found in 2 Howell, 6179, is substantially the same as that which pre-. vails in the other States.

LORING v. PALMER.
Argument 'or Appellants.
It must be borne in mind that,we are dealing with an exprevo trust created at the time of the purchase; which, of course, excludes the idea of an implied trust. ffereer v. Stark, Sm. & Marsh. Oh. 479; .Dunphy v. Ryan, 116 UT.S. 491; Simith v. Burnham, 3 Sumner, 435, 460. And see K-ellum v. Smith, 33 Penn. St. 158; Steere v. Steere 5 Johns. Ch. 1; Olcott v. Bynurn, 17 Wall. 44. And, as Palmer claims under the contract, he cannot impeach it. Jacobs v. 2fille,, 50 Mich. 119, 126.
It is well settled that an express trust m,1t appear with absolute certainty as to nature and terms before a court can undertake to execute it. Steere v. Steere, above cited; Dillaye v. Greenough, 45 N. Y. 438; Slocum v. .Afarshall, 2 Wash. 0. C. 397; Sm th v. 3fatthews, 3 De G. F. & J. 139; Cookv. Barr,44 N. Y. 156; Parkhurst v. 'an Cortland, 1 Johns. Ch. 273.
Assuming that the term "instrument" required by the Statute of Frauds to manifest or prove a trust, and by the Statute of Uses and Trusts to' create it, may be broadly construed so as to include any paper writing, signed or accepted by the parties-letters, entries or written statements of any kind-the rule still remains an absolute one, from which there is no exception, that by those writings, whether one or many, the nature and terns of the trust must be clearly and explicitly expressed, and that it must by the writings clearly and unmistakably appear not only that there is a trust intended, but. in whose behalf, for what purpose, and to what extent, as to the proportions of property covered by it. And it must be so clearly expressed that no other intention, no other party, no other terms, can, consistently with the language used, have been intended. To this general rule, so clearly indicated by the authorities, is added the special provision of the Michigan statutes, that the trust in a particular instance must be "fully L:,'C s'J and clearly deftned upon the face of the instrument creating it."
Clearly this requires something more than the Statute of Frauds, othfirwise there was no necessity for enacting it. It means that nothing was to be left to implication; that the trust n ust be expressed and defined with absolute clearness on

331

OCTOBER TERM, 188b.

Argument for Appellants.

the face of the instrument. In the present alleged trust: (1) It is not clear who were the cestuis que trust. Loring the trustee was certainly'one of them. (2) In order to establish it, it is necessary to resort to subsequent acts and conversations, and they show that (ifanything) the purchase was made for the Ossipee Mining Company, not for Palmer and other stockholders. (3) It is clear that in any event participation in the trust was dependent upon payment of a specific sum for a distinct interest.
If there may fairly be a doubt whether the trust (if any) was created for the benefit of the Ossipee Company or of individual stockholders of that company, then the nature of the trust is not fully expressed and clearly defined on the. face of the paper. The rule requiring it to be so expressed is absolute, and in no event can resort be had to parol testimony. Cook v. Barr, 44 N. Y. 156; Shafter v. Huntington, 53 Mich. 310. The conduct of the parties cannot be referred to. Railroad Co. v. Durant,95 IT. S. 576 is no authority for such a reference. The parties are bound by the face of the papers. Parol evidence is not admissible to vary or contradict their legal effect. Jacobs v. 7-Mller, above cited. See also Ruth v. Oberbrtnner, 40 Wis. 238; AShafter v. Huntington, above cited; Hurst v. VEc3Yei7,, 1 Wash. C. C. 70 ; Sturtevant v. Sturtevant, 20 N. Y. 39; Rasdallv. Basdall,9 Wis. 379; 1 Perry on Trusts,
85. II. If the trust alleged and found by the court below could be read as a trust fully expressed and clearly defined upon the face of the papers creating it, so as otherwise to satisfy the requirements of the fifth subdivision of section 5573 of the Statute of Uses and Trusts of Michigan, still, it would be a naked, passive trust, and, as such, unauth6rized under the provisions of that.statute. Under such'a trust no function or title would rest in the. trustee; but the statute would have executed the trust immedi'itely in the cestui quo trust. So that, on the con-
*Veyance being made to Loring as trustee, the statute passed the legal title.immediately to the complainant, and left nothing for this court, as a Court of Equity, to do, and, ]east of all, the -power or liberty to adjudge Loring tc be a trustee for Palmer,

LORING v. PALMER.
Argument for Appellants.
or to fasten, by its decree, the trust upon the land ; for the statute has in express terms prohibited it. Riehl v. Bingenheimor, 28 Wis. 84. No passive trust is possible under the statutes of Michigan (nor of Wisconsin, which are similar). Bu-pdeno v. Arnperse, 14 Mich. 91 ; Ready v Kearey,14 Mich. 215; Steevens v. Eares, 25 Mich. 40, 44; Thompson v. Waters, 25 Mich. 214; R0eh v. Bingenewimer,above cited; WTdte v. .Fitzgerald, 19 Wis. 480. The statutes of Michigan on this point are:
"§ 5563. Uses and Trusts, except as authorized and modified in this chapter, are abolished, and every estate and interest in lands shall be deemed a legal right, cognizable as such in the courts of law, except when otherwise provided in this title."
"§ 5564.* Every estate which is now held as in use, executed under the laws of this State as they formerly existed, is confirmed as a legal estate."
"§ 5565. Every person who, by virtue of any grant, assignment or devise, now is or hereafter shall be entitled to the'act ual possession of lands and the receipt of the rents and profits thereof, in law or in equity, shall be deemed to have a legal estate therein, of th*e same quality and duration and subject to the same conditions as is benefiial interest."
"§ 5567. Every disposition of lands, whether by deed or devise, hereafter made, except as otherwise provided in this chapter, shall be directly to the person in whom the right to the possession and profit shall be intended to be vested, and not to any other, to the use of or in trust for such person; and if made to one or more persons, in trust for or to the use of another, no estate or interest, legal or equitable, shall vest in the trustee."
When afterwards section 5573 provided for the creation of express trusts to be created for any or either of the purposes specified in 'its five subdivisions, it certainly was not intended thereby, as to either of them, to sanction the creation of a, merely passive trust, in which land should be conveyed to a trustee simply to hold in trust for a cestui qupe trust indefinitely. without any limit of time. For this would be absolutely to nullify sections 5563, 5565 and 5567, and defeat the whole policy of the statute, which was to abolish mere formal trusts,

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Argument for Appellants.
which separate the legal and equitable estate for no purpose that the law ought to sanction, by converting them into legal estates. N. Y. Revisers' Notes, 5 Edmunds, N. Y. Stat. at Large, p. 320. See also Perry on Trusts, § 298 ; Goodrich v. .3fllwaukee, 24 Wis. 422; Ruth v. Oberbrunner,cited above; .Dodge v.
Tilliain., 46 Wis. 70, 100; Smith v. Ford,48 Wis. 115. Even where a trust is created, in express terms, simply "to convey" to appointees or beneficiaries, it is held to be a passive trust, and the statute transfers the legal title immediately, no conveyance from the so-called trustee being either necessary or proper. Matter of Vinter, 24 N. Y. 555, 567; Clark v. .Davenport, 1 Bosworth, 95, 114-115. The bill makes no case for equitable relief. It 'asks for an injunction, but there was nothing to enjoin. It asks for no accounting. It only asks for a conveyance of an interest in land to which it alleged the complainant is entitled. The answer sets up no lien. It only demands the dismissal of the bill. When the court on the final hearing found that there was no lien, it should have dismissed the bill. H7ipp v. Babin,19 How. 271, 278.; Zillian v. Ebbinghaus,110 U. S.568, 573; Sullivan v. _Ratilroad Co., 94 U. S.806, S11; Root v. Railway Co., 105 U. S.189, 212-215; .Fussellv. Gregg, 113 UT. S.550, 555. It is well settled in Michigan that the action of ejectment is the only action for the determination of questions of legal title to land. The controversy cannot be carried into a court of equity under any circumstances. .Michigan Cent. RaiiroadCo. v. .Mc.A7aughton, 45 _lich. 87; R'inney v. HUarrett,4.6 Mlich. 87; Cleland v. Taylor, 3 Mich. 201-207; ZTqfnan v. Beard, 22 Mich. 52, 62, 67; Hemingway v. Griswold, 22 Mich. 77; Shaw v. Chambers, 48 Mich. 355, 358, 360. In this suit the court is administering the laws of that State. Brine v. Ihs. Co., 96 U. S.627; Bendey v. Townsend, 109 U. S.665. II. Neither does the bill claim, nor the evidence establish, any trust in Loring by implication of law. No such trust is. set up in the bill, or was set up in argument below. No resulting trust is possible under the statutes of Mfichigan. Lloyd v. Spillet, 2 Atk. 148,150; )inion of Lord llardwicke; Brown v. Bronson, 35 Mich. 415. Palmer could not call upon Loring

LORING v. PALMER.
Argument for Appellants.
to convey to him after having directed Mason to convex- to Loring. Bumpu8 v. B uapue, 53 Mich. 346 ; Week v. Bos. worth, 61 Wis. 78; Stu'tevant v. Sturtevant, above cited; ffant v. 12oberts, 40 Maine, 187.
It has often been held that when the legal title to an estate is procured through the means of an actual or constructive fraud, equity will give relief to the party defrauded by giving the estate the direction which it would have taken had the fraud not been committed. So it has been held that if a grantee or devisee obtain a deed or devise by means of promises made to the grantor or devisor, to hold the land for another, this is sufficient to raise a trust in favor of the latter, on the ground of fraud, and that this may be proved by parol. Also, that where a party obtains the conveyance of property by abuse of confidence reposed in him, he is converted into a trustee ex inali'io. Also, that a purchase in his own name, contrary to the intent of his principal, by an agent undertaking to purchase for his principal, converts the agent into a trust ex maleftcio. Also, that where a person, professing to be acting on behalf of a mortgagor or execution debtor, undertakes to purchase in the property at execution or foreclosure sale for the benefit of the debtor, and having thereby led the latter into relaxing his own exertions, and by this means procuring the title at less than its value, afterwards refuses to carry out his agreement, he shall be held in equity to be a trustee for the debtor. But this case has no relation to any of the cases thus referred to. It has no element in common with them. It lacks the vital element that in all those cases has been held to serve as the foundation for a trust. See Ryqab v. Dox, 34 N. Y. 307; 1-Huxley v. Rice, 40 Mich. 73; ,S after v. Hi-ntington, above cited; .- ellum v. Smith, 33 Penn. St. 158; Fiekeet v. .Durham,109 Mass. 419; Plilipsv. Hull, 101 Penn. St. 567; Le-vy v. Bi-u.h, 45 N. Y. 589; fTfeeler v. Reynolds, 06 N. Y. 227; WVood v. Rabe, 96 N. Y. 426. A fraud to create a trust in equity, must be something more than the mere breach of a parol trust. R-asdall v. Rasdall, above cited. See also, Coble v. Cook, 49 M[ich. 11; and Smith v. Bu;rnham and Steere v. Stre, cited above. It is not sufficient to show by parol that one bought with his own
VOL. cxvm-22

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Argument for Appellants.
money for the use of another, for that would be to overturn -theStatute of Frauds. Blairv. Bass, 4 Blackford, 539, 545; Botsford v. Burr, 2 Johns. Ch. 405.
See also, Hunt v. Roberts, above cited; Fikett v. Durham, above cited; Parsons v. Phelan, 134 Mass. 109; Purcell v. .Afiner, 4 Wall. 513; .Dunp y v. Ryan, above cited; Fischli v. Dumarschey, 3 A. K. I irsh (Ky.), 24; Bandall v. Howard, 2 Black, 585, 589; .3foote v. Scriven, 33 Mich. 500, 504; Taybyr v. Boardman,24 Mich. 287; Allen v. Withrow, 110 U. S. 119, 139.
IV. In view of the long continued acquiescence'of the complainant in Loring's disavowal of all interest on cownplainant's part in the lands in controversy, and of complainant's gross and unexcused laches in the presentation of his claim, the court, as a court of equity, should have dismissed the bill.
The character of the property, being mining and speculative, and the conduct of the parties in dealing with it, may be properly looked at in considering the doctrine of acquiescence and laches. If on receipt of the letter of February 22, Palmer had replied' that he acquiesced in the notice, the answer would have terminated his interest in the land. There is nothing in the nature, even of an express trust, where the title stands upon a deed which does not disclose the interest of the cetus que truest, to prevent a surrender of his interest by such a step. Seymoar v. Freer, 8 Wail. 202. We submit that the fact of Palmer's acquiescence in Loring's disclaimer of all interest on his part is as clearly established as if Palmer had in so many words written to that effect in reply. On the question of acquiescence and laches we cite Rtssell v. .filler, 26 Mich. 1; C0,gg v. Edmonds, "8 DeG. M. & G. 787; MTune v. Beale, 17 Wall. 336; Seymour v. Freer,above cited; N'Tettles v. .Aettles, 67 Ala. 599, cited with approval in Phillippiv. Phillipe,115 U. S. 151; Sid/livan v. Portland & Kennebec Railroad Co., 941 U. S. 806; Brown v. Buena Vista County, 95 U. S. 157; Godden v. .immell, 99 U. S. 201; Germ. Am. Seminary v. Kiefer, 43 Mich. 105; ilayward v. HVatimal Bank, 96 U. S. 611; Grymes v. Saunders, 93 U. S. 55 ; Emvan's Appeal, 81 Penn. St. 278 ; Twin Zick Oil Co. v. larbury,91 U. S. 581; Rule v. Jewel, IS Oh.

LORING v. PALMER.
Opinion of the Court
Div. 660; Alen v. Allen, 47 Mich. 74; Prattv. Cal. iining Co., 9 Sawyer, 354; Barlow v. Lake Superior Iron Co., 41 Mich. 583; haZf v. Jenney, 54 Mich. 511. Laches need not be pleaded. Sullivan v. Portland& -ennebec Railroad Co., 94 U. S. 806; .Arettlee v. -Nettles,67TAla. 599.
Xr. Aeley Pondand -Mr.George F. Edmunds (.Mr. goyt Pot was with them on the brief) for appellee.
MR.: CuEF JUSTICE WAITE after stating the case as above reported, delivered the opinion of-the court.
The question which meets us at the outset is whether the trust' in favor of Palmer, on which the case depends, las been sufficiently established. A statute of Michigan provides th.t "express trusts may be created for any or either of the following purposes:
"5. For the beneficial interest of any person or persons, when such trust is fully expressed and clearly defined upon the face of the instrument creating it, subject to the limitations as
to time prescribed in this title." 2 Howell's Ann. Stat. § 5573,
p. 1448. The trust relied on is an express trust, and it relates to lands
in Michigan. Consequently it must be established according to this statute, which it is contended requires proof of the creation of the trust l)y a written instrument that shall clearly express and fully define on its face the rights of the respective partic$ thereto. It is not enough, as is claimed, to show the existence of the trust by writing. The proof must be that it was originally created by a written instrument sufficient in form. In the view we take of the case it is unnecessary to inquire whether this is the true rule or not, for, in our opinion, the evidence is sufficient to meet all these requirements.
We do not understand it to be denied that the letters of Pafliner to Loring uhder date of June 18 and June 19; the niemorandum of the agreement made in Michigan at the-time of the negdtiations by Palmer and Frue with Mason for the purchase. and which was sent by Palmer to Loring in the letter of June

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
OpinioM of the Court.
19 ; the telegram and letter from Loring to Palmer before the contract between Mason and Loring, trustee, was executed; the letter from Loring to Smith, under date of June 25; the letter from Mason to Perkins under date of June 26 ; and the contract between Mason and Loring, may all be read together as one instrument for the purpose of establishing the trust. If, upon.the face of these writings thus read and construed together in the light of the circumstances which surrounded the parties at the time, a trust is fully expressed and clearly defined for the beneficial ititerest of .Palmer, then his case has been made out so far as the creation of the trust is concerned.
We begin, then, with the fact that Loring, Palmer, and Frue had been operating together for some years in buying mining lands, forming mining corporations, and selling mining stocks. Very generally the titles, both of lands and stocks, had been, during all the time, taken and held in the name Qf Loring, as trustee for all concerned. Each party paid for his own share of the purchases, but Loring was the principal capitalist, and both Palmer and Frue relied on' him to raise money for them to meet their obligations when necessary. This particular purchase was set on foot by Palmer and Frue, and it was a kind of property in which the parties had been in the habit of dealing. It adjoined or was near to other property in which they were all largely interested at the time, and which they were jointly engaged in advancing in value. The writings are to be read and construed in the light of these facts.
The contract of purchase, as reduced to writing and finally executed, is in the name of Loring, trustee. This on its face implies that it was made by him for the beneficial interest of others besides himself, in whole or in part. Standing alone, it does not "clearly define" the trust which it apparently created but, taken in connection with the corresp9ndence which preceded it, and out of which it confessedly arose, no room is left for doubt that it was made for the benefit of the three persons who had been so long operating together in that kind of property. Palmer, in his letters acquainting Loring with what he and Frue had done in Michigan towards the purchase, says, "it is a fortune tQ us if well handled;" "when I present the whole

LORING -o. PALMER.

Opinion of the Court.

matter you will see how important it is to us. We can take

from Hecla from 1550 to 2305. feet in length, and still give

them out of this purchase double the amount of mining value

that we get from them. The fact is, this ground boughG is

worth more to them than the ground next to Ossipee. It is

for this reason that I do not want anything said till we have

fully considered this matter together, and see how we shall

open it to Shaw.

Hecla would be free then to give us

100 acres, 50 of which would carry the vein, and we should give

them 100, all of which would carry the vein. You will see the

importance of this matter, and that we should not say anything

until we consult. The Hecla is rich, and we can make the Os-

sipee as rich." And again, "we shall get out of Hecla all I

have indicated. The land we would exchange is more conven-

ient on surface and underground for them than what they

would give us. It ivill be under their machinery and improve-

ments. This is a great thing for Ossipee."

It is said, however, that Frue does not appear to have been

included as one of the beneficiaries. Ile was one of those who

had been operating together, and Palmer, in his letter, speaks of him as having been present when the negotiations were had

with Mason in ]ichigan. The language on this subject, in the letter of June 19, is: "Mason talked this matter over with Frue and myself, and says we shall have this land as agreed, and that his word is as good as his deed;" and, besides, in the memorandum of the agreement, made at the time of the negotiation, either Palmer and Frue were named as vendees, or Charles I. Palmev and his associates, which, under the circumstances, would imply the same thing.
Again, it is said that the individual interests of the respective beneficiaries are not stated, and, therefore, that the trust is not sufficiently defined to meet the requirements of the statute; but the rule in Michigan, as well as in all other States where the principles of the common law prevail, is that where a conveyance of lands is made to two or more persons, and the instrument is silent as to the interest which each is to take, the presumption will be that their interests are equal. campau Y. C4jupau, 44 Mich. 31, 34; Eber. v. JFixher',44 Mich. 551, 553,

OCTOBER TERM, 1885.
Opinion of the Court.
Ueqnudaelr this rule the purchase by Loring, as trustee, was for the benefit of the three parties in interest, and the trust,
therefore, enured in that way. Without doubt it was expected that each of the parties would pay for his own interest, and that as between themselves neither should be bound for the other; but that is a matter the effect of which need not now be considered, as Palmer has paid for his share in full. There is nothing whatever on the face of the papers to indicate that at the time the contract was made and the trust created it was expected that one should have a greater interest in the purchase than another.
Finally, it is claimed the letters show that the purchase was made for the Ossipee Company, and not for Loring, Palmer, and Frue individually. *Wecannot so read what was written., The Ossipee Company had been promoted by these parties. They had bought the land which was made the basis, in whole or in part, of its organization. They were at the time of the purchase from Mason the three largest stockholders. The Ossipee was a corporation, and it nowhere appears that these parties, or either of them, had ever .been authorized to make the purchase on its account. There is no doubt that all the parties expected to handle the property with a view to an enhancement of the value of. Ossipee stock, but there is nothing whatever to indicate that the corporation was to be.in any way directly interested in the purchase. The land might have been, and undoubtedly was, necessary to the complete success of the company, but it was nevertheless when bought the property of the purchasers, who occupied no such trust relations to the company as to make their purchase enure directly to its benefit; and, besides, the company is not now seeking to charge them as trustees. Palmer does, indeed, say in his letter to Loring, "the purchase will add to the Ossipee $5 per share at once in actual value," and "we must make a family concern of Ossipee, and I would not sell any stock in it; we can make it put on its own importance; this we will do; I see this matter clearly;" and "we shall have a Eecla of our own;" but this does not fnake Ossipee the purchaser, or the direct beneficiary under the trust as thus created and defined. The

LORING v. PALMER.
Opinion of the Court.
expectation of an indirect benefit to their investments in Ossipee was undoubtedly great, but nothing occurred to bind the company to the purchasers or the purchasers to the company.
We conclude, therefore, that the original trust in favor of Palmer for a one-third interest in the property has been suffi·ciently established.
It is contended, however, that if the conveyance was made to Loring as trustee for himself and Palmer and Frue, then, under the statutes of Michiguan, the legal title vested at once in the beneficiaries, and the remedy of Palmer is at law, and not in equity, because he holds the legal title to his share and not an equitable title merely. The statute referred to is as follows:
"1§ 5567. Sec. 5. Every disposition of lands, whether by deed' or devise, hereafter made, except as otherwise provided in this chapter, shall be directly to the person in whom the right to the possession and the profits shall be intended to be vested, and not to any other, to the use of, or in trust for, such person; and if made to one or more persons, in trust for, or to the use of another, no estate or interest, legal or equitable, shall vest in the trustee." 2 Howell's Ann. Stat. 1446.
This, it has been held, abolishes all express passive trusts in Michigan, but allows express active trusts when created in accordance with § 5573, cited above. Burdino v. Ampere, 14 Mich, 91, 96 ; Ready v. KEearmley, 14 iMich. 215, 227; Steeven8 v. Earles, 25 Mich. 40, 44; f7ompon v. Waterg, 25 Mich. 214, 234; Goodrich v. Milwaukee, 24 Wis. 422, 430. lBut here the conveyance under which Loring took the title that he has since conveyed to Welch did not create the trust in favor of Palmer. That was done by the original coitract of purchase from Mason, read in connection with the contemporaneous correspondence between the parties, and the object of this suit is to charge Loring as trustee under that contract, and to compel him and his grantee to perform the trust which was then created. There is nothing on the face of the deed to Loring to show that Palmer is the person for whom Loring took title in trust. The legal title did not, therefore, vest in him by that conveyance. All he has is the equitable title which he acquired under the contract of purchase, and his purpose now is to com-

OCTOBER TERM,. 1885.
Opinion of the Court.
pel Loring to convey to him the legal title to his share which passed from Mason when the contract was performed and the deed executed to him in accordance with its provisions. This. is relief which a Court of Chancery alone can afford. So far as this record shows, Mason knew nothing of the particulars of the aringement between Loring, Palmer, and Frue as to their respective interests. It is true the contract was made with Loring as trustee, but that is all: The terms of his holding are nowhere explained, and Mason performed his duty towards all who were interested, when he conveyed to Loring in accordance with the terms of the contract. Tihe deed was intended to and did vest in Loring the legal title in trust for whomsoever it might concern. This suit is prosecutedtb establish the fact that Palmer was one of the persons concerned and to charge Loring accordingly.
The trust having thus been establislired and the jurisdiction of a court of equity over the suliject-iaatter of thL suit sustained, it remains only to consider whether the trust, which-was originally created, has been abrogated by abandonment or laches. The last payment to M'ason was made February 18, 1869, and this suit was not brought until December 20, 1875.
This branch of the case is pre~ented to us very differently from what it was to the court below when the interlocutory decree was rendered, and the cause referred to a master to ascertain how much was due from Palmer to Loring upon the.. purchase money paid to Mason. It was then supposed that Palmer lad no money in the hands of Loring which could be used to pay on the land when the deferred instalments fell due. The court then found that no part of the proceeds of the smelting stock or the Hecla stock was applied to such payment, and that all went into Palmer's general account with his consent. It now appears that when each of the instalmeats was paid, or very soon thereafter, Palmer had, or ought to have had, a balance to his credit much more than sufficient to meet his share of what. was due.. The testimony shows -ery clearly that neither of the parties had a correct understanding of the state of their accounts with each other at the time. Palmer kept no books of his own, and those of Loring were not at all reliable.

LORING v. PALMER.
Opinion of the Court.
Loring always claimed that Palmer was largely in his debt, and Palmer does not seem to have had then any means of showing the contrary. His own credit was exhausted, and Loring had possession of all his securities. Consequently, when Loring called on him to pay by the 20th of March, he did not abandon his claim, but he sold his Hecla stock and paid the proceeds to his general credit and waited for time to show whether this was enough to preserve his interest or not. He gave no special direction for its application, but, under the circumstances, the law will apply it to the only debt he then owed to Loring, and that was his share of this purchase money. Loring, by keeping the charge for the purchase money out of his accounts, cannot deprive Palmer of his right to the application of his credits. In a couple of years or so Loring began his suit, and this was kept pending until 1874, when it was discontinued. Loring says, in his answer, this was because he had "ascertained that Palmer was utterly irresponsible and worthless." :Now it turns out that when the suit was abandoned, he was himself in debt to Palmer, and that all the time he had securities in his hands which were largely in excess of any amount he had paid for Palmer on the land or otherwise. Under these circumstances it is impossible to say that the evidence makes out a case of actual abandonment, or that Palmer has been guilty of such laches as to bar him of the equities which are now so clearly shown to have existed in his favor all the time. His delay in bringing th6 suit is to be construed in connection with the uncertainty that existed as to the true situation of his accounts. Loring must have kn-wn that Palmer relied on him to keep the accounts, and having himself been guilty of such glaring errors in his statements and in his claims, Palmer is not to be charged alone with the fault of delay. The same explanation applies to his failure to respond more definitely to the letter of Loring under date of February 22, if there was in fact apy such failure. He did, however, by the sale of his Hecla stock, put Loring in funds to an amount sufficient to meet his entire share of the purchase money, and that too on the very day he was required to do so by this letter of Loring. This renders it unfecessary to consider the conflicting testimony on the subject of the letter.

