BORR v. CIIAPMAINX

Syllabus.

This ,was an appeal from an order' of the Circuit Court remanding to a State Court a cailse removed thence to the' Circuit Court. The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
.>'X.J. . Rouse and .t['. WTllFm Grantforappellant.

.Ar. 17zomas J;. e ames and -i. Robert .Tott for appellees&

Mm. Cn F Jus'ric WArTE delivered the opinion of the'court.

The order remanding this case is affirmed. A suit cannot

be removed from a State Court to a Circuit Court of the

United States under subsection 3 of § 639 of the Revised Stat-

utes on the ground of "prejudice or local influence," unless all

the plaintiffs or all the defendants are citizens of the state i'

which the suit was brought, and of a state other than that of'

which those petitioning for the removal are citizens. Here it

appears that, Hancock, the plaintiff, on whose petition the

removal was had, is a citizen of New York, and Eliza Jane,

Holbrook and George Nicholson, two of the defendants, and

those principally interested in-the litigation, citizens of "Missis-

sippi, while R. W. Holbrook and Richard Fitzgerald, the'other

defendants, are alone citizens of Louisiana, where the suit was

brought. These -Louisiana defendants are necessary parties to

the suit, but, according to the record, those who are citizens of

Mississippi are the real parties in interest.

Affirned.

BORER v. CHAPMAN.

APPEAL

FROM

THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED THE DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA.

STATES FOR

Argued December 13, 14, 18SO.-Decided January10, 187.

A, a citizen of New Jersey, recovered judgment in a civil action on a contract against B, a citizen of Minnesota, whose property and estate were situated, principally, in California. B died leaving a will by which he devised real estate and bequeathed legacies to various persons in Minne-

OCTOBER tERM, 1886.
Syllabus.
sota. The will was admitted to probate in Mfinnesota, and letters testa. mentary thereon were issued to C and D. Ancillary proof of it was then made in California, and letters testamentary thereon were issued to D, who administered the estate in California in accordance with the laws of that state, and distributed it according to the will, and rendered a final account to the probate court in California, and was discharged by that court. A did not present his claim for payment in California, and has never been paid. He brought suit on it in Minnesota against C as executor. C appeared and, among other defences, denied that he was or ever had been executor. The court found that C had accepted the trust, and entered judgment for A, on which judgment execution was awarded de bonispropHis. C brought the judgment to this court by writ of error,
and died while it was pending here. His executor appeared, and on his motion the judgment was reversed as erroneous in form, Smith v.ChapMan, 93 U. S. 41, and, the cause being remanded, the court on the previous finding entered judgment for A, nuno pro tune, as of the date of the first judgment. A, within twelve months from the date when the last judgment nunepro tune was ordered, commenced suit in Minnesota to recover the amount of his judgment the statute of that state giving to the unpaid creditors of a testator a right of action against legatees, provided the action is allowed within one year from the time when the claim is established; and courts of Minnesota having settled that the claim must first be established by judicial proceedings, and that the suit against the legatees must he brought within one year from the date of such establishment. Held: (I) That the former judgment in this court concluded the executor of
C in this suit from contending that C had not accepted the trust as executor. (2) That A was not barred by the proceedings and decrees in California from 'the prosecution of the suit. (3) That he bad the right to follow into the hands of their ho ders in Minnesota the assets of B which had been distributed by ordei of the probate coutt in California. (4) That there was nothing to interfere with that right, in the provision of the Constitution respecting the faith to be given to judgments and public acts of each state in every other state. (5) That this action was not barred by the limitation in the Minnesota
statute. Whether an order for entry of judgment nunc pro tzinc shall be made, is
matter of discretion with the court, to be exercised as justice may requirein view of the circumstances of the particular case; and it is a proper exercise of that discretion when, by reason of the intervening death of a.party; there would otherwise be a failure of justice for which the other party fs not responsible. The equity jurisdictipu of this court is independent of that conferred by thd tat(slon their own courts, and can be affected only by the legislation of Congress: ' .

BOREt v. CIIAPMANoI5
Opinion of the Court.
For the purpose of a statute of limitations the date of the entry of a judgment nunc pro tune is the date of the order of such entry, and. not the day as of which the judgment is ordered to take effect.
This was a bill in equity filed by the defendant in error, complainant below, to enforce payment of a judgment rendered against one John Gordon in his lifetime out of assets belonging to the estate of Gordon which had come into the' possession of the various defendants, either as executors or administrators, or as devisees-or legatees under his will. The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
, "r.IF. P. Clough, for appellants, cited: In re Gar'aud'8 Estate, 36 Cal. 277 ; Reynolds v. Brumagirm, 54 Cal. 254z ;In 'e Henry C. Iudson's Estate, 63 Cal. 4,54.
.M'. E. X. Wlson and ilk. Charles IF.HIoi-nor,for appellee, cited: Smith v. Charrman,93 U. S.41 ; Wfatkins v. Holman, 16 Pet. 25 ; .Xlontgornery v. Sawyer, 100 U. S. 571; Xacqkey v. Coxe, 18 How. 100, 104; State v. Alverez, 7 La. Ann. 281; Fishmongers v. Robinson, 3 C. B. 970; Mtatheson v. Grant, 2 How. 263, 282; 3fitchell v. Overman, 103 U. S. 621; Eoparte XIorgan, 114 U. S.174 ; -May v. Xe Claire,11 Wall. 217.
A Tr. XUsTFrc MATrHws delivered the opimon of the court.
This is a bill in equity filed on the 20th of August, 1879, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Minnesota, by George A. Chapman, a citizen of the state of New Jersey, executor of the last will and testament of Eunice Chapman, deceased, against Felix A. Borer, administrator with the will annexed of the estate of John Gordon, deceased, Edson IR. Smith, executor of the last will and testament of George D. Snow, deceased, Elizabeth Hewitt and Thomas P. Hewitt, her husband, Harriet Cecilia Snow, Sarah Ann Powell, and Georgiana Smith ; the defendants being all citizens of the, state of Minnesota. The object and prayer of the bill were to marshal the assets of the estate of John Gordon, deceased, alleged to have been received by the defendants either as his

OCTOBER TERM,, 1886.
Opinion of the Court.
representatives or legatees, for the purpose of applying them to the payment bf a judgment recovered by the complainant against George D. Snow, as executor of John Gordon. The case was heard upon the pleadings and proofs, and a decree rendered in favor of the complainant below, to reverse which the defendants prosecute the present appeal.
The facts in the case on which the decree is predicated are as follows: On January 4, 1864, George M. Chapman, executor of Eunice Chapman, recovered judgment in the Supreme Court of the state of New York against John Gordon and two others in a civil action founded on contract for the sum .of $4759.80, damages and costs. On May 14, 1867, Gordon, then a citizen of Minnesota, having his domicil in the county of Le Sueur in that state, made and published his last will, and within a few days thereafter died in that county. On July 1, 1867, his will was duly presented to the probate court of that county for proof and allowance by George D. Snow, and was duly admitted to probate and record, and letters testamentary in the usual form were made out and recorded, directed to Snow and Clark, his executors. By that will Gordon made numerous bequests and devises, among which was one of $30,000 in money to 'Harriet Cecilia Snow, wife of George D. Snow; another of $6000 in money to Sarah Ann Kniffen, now Sarah Ann Powell; another of a like amount to Georgiana FIniffen, now Georgiana Smith; three small tracts of land in Le Sueur County, Xinnesota, with certain personal property then situated thereon, to MAargaret Elizabeth Hewitt, and, in addition thereto, the sum pf $2000 to Margaret Elizabeth Hewitt and her heirs; and the residue of the estate, after the payment of debts, funeral expenses, costs of administration, and legacies, to George D. Snow. The legatees resided in Le Sueur County, Minnesota. Gordon had previously lived in San Francisco, California, where nearly the whole of the leftate was situated. The executors named in the will were George D. Snow and Pomeroy D. Clark, the latter a resident of San 'Francisco. In the bequests to the Misses Kniffen, and the cash portion of that to Mrs. Hewitt and her heirs, it was provided that the :money should be"paid into the hands of

BORER v. CHAPMA.N.
Opinion of the Qpurt.
George D. Snow, to be. held and- managed by'him as their trustee for certain designated periods. It does not appear from the records of the probate court of Le Sueur County that either Clark or Snow ever accepted letters testamentary, or took the oath, or gave the bond required from executors' by. the statutes of Minnesota, or ever filed in that court any in-' ventory of Gordon's estate, or ever did any other act in'respect to the estate under such letters.
After, proof of the will in Le Sueur County, Minnesota, a properly authenticated copy of the same, together with the .proof and allowance thereof, was forwarded to Clark in San Francisco, who took such proceedings thereoii in the probate court of San FrancisQo that the will was there admitted to record, and letters.testamentary thereon issued to Clark solely on August 5, 1867. Snow never in any manner appeared in 'the California proceedings, except to receive and receipt for his legacy. Clark, as executor in California, took the usual, and necessary proceedings under the laws of that state for the eollection and distribution of the estate. An inventory and, appraisement of the property were filed, and notice given by publication to creditors to present their clMms to the executor for payment. On INovember 5, 1868, Clark presented to the probate court his final accounts as executor, with his petition for their allowance, the hearing of which was set for November 17, 1868; and public notice given thereof in accordance with thi local law. On December 10, 1868, the probate court made its order allowing and confirming the accounts, on which date Clark filed ,a further petition in the probate court, praying for a decree of distribution and a final order discharging him from the office and trust of executor of Gordon's will. The couimt thereon made an order calling on all persons interested in the estate of John Gordon to appear before the court on January 11, 1869, to show cause why an order should not be made distributing the residue of the estate to George D. Snow, the residuary legatee. In pursuance thereof, and on the date fixed for the hearing, the court made its final decree of 'distribution, in which, among other things, it was ordered, adjudged, and decreed that all the acts and proceedings of the

OCTOBER TERMI," 1886.
Opinion of tihe Court.
said executor, as reported to that court and appearing upon the records thereof, should be and thereby were approved and confirmed, and that the residue of the estate should be and was thereby assigned to the said George D. Snow. On January 12, 1869, the court made its further and final order in the proceedings, discharging Clark from the executorship, the Will having been fully and completely executed to the satisfaction of the court. Clark's accounts filed with the probate comt show the payment of all the money legacies hereinbefore mentioned to the respective legatees prior to August 1, 1868. The residue decreed to George D. Snow, as residuary legatee, had been turned over to him by Clark prior to January 12, 1869. The indebtedness from Gordon and his associates to Chapman, arising upon the judgment in New York, has never been paid, and no claim based thereon was ever presented to Clark or to the probate judge for the city and county of San Francisco. A transcript of the judgment was procured by Chapman and forwarded to Snow in Minnesota about October 23, 1867, and, after some correspondence between them in respect to its allowance and payment, an action at law was brought thereon in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Minnesota by Chapman, as executor, against George D. Snow and P. D. Clark, described as the executors of the last will and testament of John Gordon, deceased. In that action process was served upon Snow, but Clark was not found. Snow appeared and defended, denying in his answer that he was or evei had been the executor of Gordon's will, and pleading that Clark, as executor in California, had fully administered the assets which had come to his hands, and had been discharged by the probate court of that state from his said office. At the June term, 1871, of the Circuit Court, the issues were found in favor of the plaintiff and against Snow, and judgment rendered thereon for the sum of $7264.25 and costs. In that action, although brought against Snow and Clark as executors in their official capacity, judgment was finally rendered against Snow personally, and execution awarded de bnis proprii. A writ of error from the Supreme Court of the United States to reverse that judgment was sued out, pending which, in the

BORER v. CHAPMAN.
Opinion of the Court.
year 1873, Snow died testate, leaving Edson R. Smith as the executor of his will, who was -thereupon substituted as plaintiff in 6rror in this court. At the October term, 1876,' a decision was rendered in this court, reversing the judgnent of the Circuit Court on the ground that it was erronebus in form, inasmuch as the. action was debt on judgment. recovered against the deceased testator of the defendant, and nothing was alleged in the declaration to show that the defendant had become personally liable for the judgment debt. Srith v,C.haman, 93 U. S. 41. The cause was therefore remanded to the Circuit Court, with instructions to take further proceedings therein in conformity with the opinion. The mandate of this court having been filed on June 7, 1877, in the Circuit Court, the cause came on to be heard at the Dec6mber term, 1878, upon an order theretofore granted the plaintiff, George A. Chapman, executor, &c., on his petition, directed to Edson R. Smith, as executor of Snow's will, and Felix A. Borer, who had been appointed administrator de baois Pon with will annexed of John Gordon, deceased, to show cause why the said Borer, administrator aforesaid, should not be substituted as such administrator in the place of George D. Snow, deceased, as defendant in said cause, and why judgunent should not be entered in favor of the plaintiff upon the previous findings of the court in the premises; apd said 'Felix A. Borer, administrator as aforesaid, having objected fo said substitution, it was ordered by the court that'he should ]iot be required against his objection to be substituted as defendant as aforesaid, and the motion of the plaintiff for such substitutibn was for that reason denied. The judgment of the Circuit Court then proceeds as follows "And it is further ordered, considered, and adjudged that judgment shall be, and the same is hereby, entered in favor of said .plaintiff, GeQrge M. Chapman, executor of the last will andtestament of Eunice Chapman, deceased, wvune vro tunc, upon the said decision and findings of the court as of the 10th day of July, A.D. 1871, against the said George D. Snow in his capacity as.,executor of the last will and testament of John Gordon, deceased, for the sum of $7264.25, and costs, taxed at $O62.76, to be paid. and enforced-out qf the effects of the testa-
VOL. cxrx-38

59d

OCTOBER TERM " 8d.

Opinion of the Court.

tor, John Gordon, deceased, with interest on said. sum of $7264.25 from said 10th day of July, 1871, and that said judgment be also certified by this court to the probate court of the county of Le Sueur, Minnesbta, as a claim duly allowed and adjudged against the said estate of John Gordon, deceased."
Felix A. Borer had been appointed administrator de lons Aon, with the will annexed, of John Gordon, by the probate court of Le Sueur County, on July 7, 1874, upon the petition of Chapman setting forth the recovery of his judgment in the Ciicuit Court of the United States, the pendency of the writ of error from the Supreme Court, and the fact that Clark had never qualified in the Minnesota proceedings, and that Snow in his lifetime had denied the acceptance of the executorship of Gordon's will. Borer has ever since remained administrator by virtue of said appointment.
Upon these facts the cause came on for final hearing in the Circuit Court, where a decree was rendered in favor of the complainant, the court being of the opinion-
"1st. That George D. Snow, appointed executor by the wJll of John Gordon, deceased, accepted the trust and had the will proved in Le Sueur County, Minnesota.
"2d. That this court has jurisdiction to grant the relief asked for by complainant's bill, for the reason that.a court of equity can decree that a legatee under a will, after distribution, holds property in trust when valid debts of the decedent remain unpaid, and follow the property or its proceeds in the legatee's hands.
"3d. That the estate of George D. Snow is liable for the debt set up in the complaint; and if the estate of Snow is not sufficient to respond to the full amount, the deficiency can be supplied out of the estate of the residuary legatee, MiI5. Snow.
"4th. That the complainant's debt is not barred by the statute of limitations."
It was found by the decree that no assets of the estate of John Gordon had come into the hands of Felix A. Borer, as administrator; that on the 12th day of January, 1869, George D. Snow, after payment of all debts, funeral expeises, legacies,

BORER v. CHAPUAN.
Opinion of the Court.
and all claims owing or payable by the estate of John Gordon, except the claim or debt owing to Chapman,, received under the will of Gordon property belonging to said Gordon of the value of $10,777.00; that by the will of George D. Snow, his wife, Harriet Cecilia Snow, was made his residuary legatee; and that the estate of Snow is solvent, and sufficient to pay all his debts and to fulfil ll the provisions of the will, with an excess of assets thereon of not less than $100,000 in value, including over $20,000 in cash, for said Harriet Cecilia Snow as such residuary legatee; that she has, as such residuary legatee, received from Edson R. Smith, as executor of the will of George D. Snow, an amount more. than sufficient to pay the claims of the plaintiff, with interest and costs; and that upon the death of George D. Snow, Edson R. Smith, as the executor of his will, collected and received the sum of $282-.82, being the proceeds of a claim or debt owing to the said John Gordon at the time of his death, and a part of the estate of the said John Gordon. It also appears that there are no outstanding and unpaid claims against the estate of Gordon, except that due on the judgment in favor of the complainant below.
The errors assigned by the appellants are as follows: 1st. The Circuit Court erred in holding that the said George, D. Snow had ever in any manner become executor of Gordon's will, or chargeable as such. 2d. The court erred in holding that the judgment in the suit at law of Chapman against Snow, entered on December 18, 1878, nuncpro tune, as of July 10, 1871, was of any force or effect whatever, as against the estate of said John Gordon,
or that of the said George D. Snow. 3d. The court erred in holding that the relief prayed in the
bill had not been barred by the proceedings and decrees of the probate court for the city and county of San Francisco, in the state of California.
4th. The court erred in holding that the relief prayed by the bill had not been barred by laches and the lapse of time, and the several statutes of limitations set up and referred to in the answers of the defendants to the bill of complaint.
5th. The court erred in holding and adjudging that the

OCTOBER -TERM,, 1886.
Opinion of the Court.
estate of the said George D. Snow is liable for the claim or debt owing to the said George Y. Chapman, executor.
6th. The court erred in holding that if the estate of the said George D. Snow should not be sufficient to respond to the full amount of said claim or debt, the deficiency should be pai4 by the said Harriet Cecilia Snow. * The ftist error assigned is that the court erred in deciding that George D. Snow was chargeable as executor of Gordon's will. It is too late to raise that question in this cause. It was, one of the matters in issue in the action brought by Chapman, executor, against Snow, executor, in the Circuit Court of the. United States for the District of XMinnesota, wherein it was expressly held and adjudged that George D. Snow was executor of John Gordon, deceased. The judgment in that case was reversed upon the application of Snow's personal representatives on the express ground that it was made payable out of the personal effects of Snow, when it ought to have been de bonis testatoris. That judgment concludes the question in this cause.
It is next contended, however, that that judgment is of itself void as having been rendered on the 18th of December, 1878, against Snow, as executor, who was then dead, although the entry was made to take effect as of July 10, 1871. The law on the subject of entries nuncpro tune was fully considered and stated by this court in the case of Xfitcheli v. Overrwnn, 103 U. S.62, 64. It was there stated, ".that, where the delay in rendering a judgment or a decree arises from the act of the court, that is, where the delay has been for its convenience or has been caused by the multiplicity or press of business, or the intricacy of the questions involved, or for any other cause not attributable to the laches of the parties, but within the control of the'court, the judgment or the decree may be entered retrospectively as of a time when it should or might have been entered up. In such cases, upon the maxim 11ctus curicv 'e/ tinel grvabit,which has been well said to be founded in' right and good sense, and to afford a safe and certain guide for the administration of justice, it is the duty of the court to * see that the parties shall not suffer by the delay. A nuna pro

"BORER V. CHAPMAN.
Opinion of the Court.
tune order should be granted or refused, as justice may require, in view of the circumstances 6f the particular case." 1
This rule was applied in the case.of Coughlin v. District oJ Colunbia,106 U. S. 7, 11. In that case, a judgment rendered upon a verdict in favir of the plaintiff had been erroneously set aside in the same court. A new trial was had, and a judgment for the defendant was reversed by this court, which affirmed the original judgment for the plaintiff as of the date when it was rendered, in order to prevent the action .from being abated by the intervening death of the plaintiff.
In the present instance, upon the findings as originally made, by the Circuit Court, judgment should have beei, rendered against Snow de boni&testatoris;the error of the court was in .making it payable de bonis proqjris. For this errrc-it was reversed on the application of Smith, executor of SnQoa .whohad, procured himself to be substituted as plaintiff in orror for that purpose. The mandate of this court was sent -to the Circuit Court in form, reversing the original judgnient, but, in substance, simply requiring its correction in the one particular in which the error had been committed. The manner in which this duty, of the Circuit Court was performed, under the mandate of this court, was to enter the judgment nune pro tine, as of the time when it should have been entered in proper form. The reversal of the judgment in the Circuit Court, by the operation of the mandate of this court, and the execution of that mandate by the Circuit Court in entering the new judgment, was one continuous judicial act, and to that Smith, as executor of Snow, was a party, for he was a party to the record as plaintiff in error in this court. It cannot, therefore, be said that the action of the Circuit Court was ex parte, or that it was void, because it was directed against a deceased person not represented. This objection, if valid, would prevent, in all cases of the death of one of the parties, the entry of a judgment nunepro tunc. It is the fact of suchintervening' death that creates the necessity, by which the power is justi-
I ote by the Court. This passage is incorrectly printed in the vol-
ume og reports.

OCTOBER TERM, 1886.
Opinion of the Court.
fied,.in order to prevent a failure of justice, for which the other party is not responsible, and by which, therefore, he shoud not suffer. The action of the court in making the entry'in the form in which it was made was also, we think, a proper exercise of its discretion upon the circumstances of the case, as the object of the proceeding was to fix the liability of the estate of Gordon, as represented by his executor, Snow, in order that the judgment of Chapman might, furnish ground' for a creditor's bill, seeking to apply the assets of Gordon's estate to its payment. We hold, therefore, that the entry of the judgment against Snow, as executor of Gordon, was a -valid and effectual exercise of the power and discretion of the court, and that the validity of the judgment itself cannot be impeached.
It is insisted, however, that the relief prayed for by the bill and awarded by the court, was barred by the proceedings of the probate court for the city and county of San Francisco: The statutes of California, Hittell, Gen. Laws California, 18501864, provide, that if a claim against the estate of a decedent,' in course of distribution in the probate court, shall not be presented within ten months after the first publication of the notice to creditors, it shall be barred foreker; unless when it shall be made to appear by the affidavit of the claimant, to the satisfaction of the executor and administrator and the probate judge, that the claimant had no notice, as provided by the act, by reason of being out of the State, in which case it may be presented at any time before a decree of distribution is entered. 5828, § 130. It is also provided, 5944, § 246, that, when the accounts of the administrator or executor have been settled, and an order made for the-payment of debts and distribution of the estate, no creditor, whose claim was not included in the order of payment, shall have any right to call upon the creditors who have been paid, or upon the heirs, devisees, or legatees to contribute to the payment of his claim.; but,.if the executor or administrator shall have failed to give the notice to the creditors, as prescribed by the act, such creditor may recover on the bond of the executor or administrator the amount of his claim, or such part thereof as he would have

BORER ' . CHAPMAN.
Opinion of 'the Court.
been entitled to had it been allowed. It is further provided, 5977, § 279, that, when an dstate has been fully administered, and it is shown by the executor or administrator, by the production of satisfactory vouchers, that he has paid all sums of money due from him, and delivered up, 'under the order of the court, all the property of the estate to the parties entitled, and performed all the acts lawfully required of him, the court shall make a decree discharging him from all liability thereafter.
It is argued that Chapman, as a creditor of Gordon's ezate, was bound to make himself a party to the proceedings in the probate court of San Francisco, for the purpose of obtaining payment and satisfaction of his claim; that, failing to do this, he is barred from any right to recover, either from the executor of that estate or from any legatee; that the defendants. in this bill, as legatees of Gordon, received what was due them under his will under the sanction and by the order and judgment of the probate court of San Fratcisco, which vested them with an indefeasible title which must be respected'in every. other forum, if full faith and credit, according to the Constitu-' tion of, the -United States, is to be given in other §tates to the public acts and judicial proceedings of the courts of California.
But these positions are not tenable. The administration of the- estate of Gordon, in California, under the orders of the probate court of San Francisco, was merely ancillary; the primary adnministration was that of the testator's domicil,, Minnesota. Chapman was not a citizen of California, nor resident there; he was no party to the administration proceedings; he was not bound to make himself such. If he had chosen he could have proved his claim there and obtained payment, but he had the right to await the result of the settlement of that administration, and look to such assets of Gordon as he could subsequently find in Alimnesota, whether originally found there or brought there from California by the executors or legatees of Gordon's estate. The assets in California finally distributed there, and brought into Minnesota by the executor or by any legatee, remained assets in Minnesota for the payment of any unpaid creditors choosing that forum. Such assets were impressed with a trust which such creditor had a right to%have

OCTOBER TERM, "1886.
Opinion of the Codrt.
administered for his benefit. Aspden v. .ea, 4 How. 467; Stay v. Thcrashier, 6 How. 44; Hill v. Tucker, 13 How. 458 ; 3fa7key v. Coxe, 18 How. 100. It is upon the ground of such a trust that the jurisdiction of courts of equity primarily rests in administration suits, and in creditors' bills brought against executors or administrators, or after distribution against legatees, for the purpose of charging them with a liability to apply the assets of the decedent to the payments of his debts. As a part of the ancient and original jurisdiction of courts of equity, it is vested, by the Constitution of the United States and the laws of Congress in pursuance thereof, in the Federal courts, to be administered by the circuit courts in controversies arising between citizens of different states. It is the familiar anLd well settled doctrine of this court that this jurisdiction is independent of that conferred by the states upon their own courts, and cannot be affected by any legislation except that of the United States. Suydam v. Broadnax,14 Pet. 67; Hagan' v. Walker, 14 How. 28; Union Bank v. Jolly, 18 Row. 503; Hyde v. Stone, 20 Row. 170; Green. v. Creighton, 23 How. 90; Payne v. Hook, 7 Wall. 425, 430.
In Payne v. Hook, ubi supra,the rule was declared in these words:. "We have repeatedly held that the jurisdiction of the c6urts of the United States over controversies between citizens of different states cannot be impaired by the laws of the states which prescribe the modes of redress in their courts, or which regulate the distribution of their judicial poyer If legal remedies are sometimes-modified to suit the changes in the laws of the states and the practice-of their courts, it is not so with equitable. The equity jurisdiction conferred on the Federal courts is the same that the High Court of Chancery in England possesses; is subject to neither limitation nor restraint by state 'legislation, and is uniform throughout the different states of the Union."
The only qualification in the application of this principle is, that the courts of the United States, in the exercise of their jurisdiction over the parties, cannot seize or control property while in the custody of a court of the state. Williams v. Benedict, 8 Row. 107; Yonley v. Lavender, 21 Wall. 276; Freeman v. Howe, 24 How. 450.

BORtR v. CHAPMAN.
Opinion of the Court.
This exception does not apply in the present case, for the assets sought by this bill to be marshalled in favor of the complainant are not in the possession of any other court; they are in the hands of the defendants, impressed with a trust in favor of the complainant, a creditor of Gordon, and subject to the control of this court by reason of its jurisdiction over their persons.
'It is further contended, however, on the part of the appellants, that, if the relief sought in this bill is not barred by the administration proceedings in California, it is, nevertheless, defeated by the application of the statute of limitations of the state of Minnesota. The statute of Minnesota, Gen. Stat. 1883, 826, c. 't77, gives to unpaid creditors of the testator an action against the legatees, in which the plaintiff, in order to recover, is required to show that no assets were delivered by the executor. or administrator of the deceased to his heirs or next of kin; or that the value of such assets has been recovered by some other creditor; or that such assets are not sufficient to satisfy the demands of the plaintiff. In the last case he can recover only the deficiency. The whole amount of the recovery shall be apportioned among all the legatees of the testator in proportion to the amount of their legacies respectively; his proportion only being recoverable against each legatee. In respect to this stat-, utory right of action, however, it is provided in the same act, § 16, that no such action shall be maintained unless commenced within one year from the time the claim is allowed or established. It is maintained that, according to the judicial decisions of Minnesota, the creditor is required, first, to establish his claim by a separate judicial proceeding, and in a subsequent suit obtain the recovery provided for against the legatees. Bryantv. Liver'more,20 Minn. 313. It is admitted that the suit brought by Chapman in the Circuit Court of the United States against Snow, for the purpose of' establishing his claim against Gordon's estate, answers the first of these conditions, but that, in order to fulfil the second, the present bill should have been filed within one year from the date of th6 final judgment in that action. The date of the judgment as originally rendered against Snow was April 19, 1872; the present bill was filed

OCTOBER TERAI, 1886.
Opinion of the Court.
August 20, 1879 ; and we axe asked to hold that the right to sue was at that time barred by the statute of limitations. But the judgment rendered April 19, 1872, was not the end of the litigation; Snow himself sued out his writ of error to reverse it, and upon his death, in 1873, his executor, Smith, became a party, as plaintiff in error, and prosecuted the writ until the reversal of the judgment at the October term, 1876. The mandate of this coint was filed in the Circuit Court June 7, 1877, and on December 18, 1878, the final judgment was en'tered against Snow as executor, to be paid and enforced out of the effects of the testator, John Gordon, deceased, as'of July 10,1871. The present bill was fied within twelve months after the date of that entry. If, for the purpos6 of determining the application of the statute of limitations, this judgment may be considered as dating from December 18, 1878, the bar, was not complete. It is contended, however, that, as the entry of the judgment was made on that date nune pro tuc as of July 10, 1871, the latter must be considered as the effective date of the judgment for all purposes. 'We are not, however, of that opinion. The date of that entry is by a fiction of law made and considered to be the true date of the judgment~for one purpose only, and that is to bind the defendant by the obligation of the -judgment entered as of a date when he was ,in full life; but the right of the complainant in this' bill to enforce that judgment by the present proceeding certainly did not begin until hfter the judgment in that form was actually ,entered. Until that time the right was in abeyance; the litigation had, until then ended, been continuously in progress. It canot be that the statute of limitations will be allowed to commence to run against a right until that right has accrued in a shape to be effectually- enforced.
In Tiapley v. GoodseNl, 122 Mlass. 176, it was held that a judgment entered nuno pro tune was the final judgment in the action, so as to charge sureties on an attachment bond, on whose behalf it was urged that they aould not be considered in default by reason of not paying for thirty days after its date, the amount of a judgment which had no actual existence until long after the thirty days had expired. And it was

BORER v. CHAPTAN.
Opinion of the Court.
there pointed out that a judgment may have effect from one date for one purpose and from another date for another purpose. As in the case of judgments at common law, which had relation to the first day of the term, so as to bind the lands of the debtor of which he was then seised, even though, he had aliened them bona ,Ade before judgment actually signed and
execution issued; and the statute, 29 Car. II, c. 3, §§ 13-15,
providing that, as against bona#fide purchasers, they should be deemed judgments only from the time when they were actually signed, did not restrict their validity or effect, in law or equity, by relation to the first day of the term, as against the debtor or other persons. Odes v. Tfoodward, 2 Ld. Raym. 766; .C'. 1 Salk. 87; Robizsmor v. Tonge, 3. P. Wins. 398:
It follows, therefore, that, if this were a suit brought in a state court of Minnesota under the statute in question, it would hot be barred by the limitation sough6 to be applied. Whether that statute has any application to this bill in equity, filed in. the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Minnesota, by a citizen of another state, is a question which" need not be considered or decided. It is enough to say that the right of the complainant is not barred by force of tire state statute, and that, according to the principles of equity, there has been no such voluntary delay as would make his claim stale. On the contrary, the complainant has shown himself to be diligent, active, and eager in the prosecution of his claim and the pursuit of his remedy. He has been guilty, of no laches; the delay has been caused by the action of his adversaries, or by the necessary delays of litigation. He is an unpaid creditor of Gordon's estate, who has sought by every means in his power, both at law and in equity, to obtain satisfaction of a just claim. The defendants are shown to be in possession of the assets of Gordon's estate, which ought to have been applied in its satisfaction; they should be held as trustees for that purpose.. Such was the decree of the Circuit Court, which is hereby
-AffiZmed.

OCTOBER TERM, 1886.

Syllabus.

The objection that the officer's certificate does not state

that she was informed of the contents of the deed - if it 'have

any force whatever under the statute of 1847, permitting the

non.-resident Jeme covert to acknowledge her deeds as if she

weie unmarried- is not well taken. The certificate shows

that she executed the deed freely and without force or compul-

sioi from the husband or from any one 'else, "fully under-

standing the contents" thereof. Besides, this defect, if it be

one, is of the kind that was cured by the act of 1853, which

only required it to appear, in substance, as it does 'here, that

the deed was executed freely and voluntarily, and, in the case

of "a married woman, that she knew its contents and was

examined separately and apart from her husband. She must

have known, if, as certified, she fully understood the contents

of ihe deed.

The judgment below was right, and is

A ffrmed.

GIIMER v. STONE.

APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE VTITED THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS.

STATES

FOR

Submitted December 20, 1886.-Decided March 7, 188T.

A, a resident in Irish Grove, Illinois, died there, leaving a will by which, after bequeathing his library to the Presbyterian church of Irish Grove, and $500 for, the erection of another Presbyterian church in Illinois, and 50 to be paid on the minister's salary of the Presbyterian church of Irish Grove for 1884, and some other bequests, he bequeathed and devised the remaindeeS'of his estate "to be equally divided between the board of foreign and tlhe board of home missions." The Presbyterian Church in the United States of America has a corporate "Board of Foreign "Missions" and a corporate "Board of Home Missions;" but it was agreed by counsel that several other religious bodies in the United States have similar organizations, for the same purposes. Held, that there was a latent ambiguity in the will respecting the object of the residuary gift, which ambiguity could be removed by extrinsic evidence; and that the evidence introduced on that Ipoint, taken in connection with the other bequests in the will for the benefit of Presbyterian churches, showed that the testator,

GILMER v. STONE.
Argument for Appellee.
in making the residuary gift, had in his mind the Board of Foreign Missions and the Board of Home Missions of the Presbyterian Church. of the United States of America, of which he was a member and an officer. The restriction upon the right of a congregation, formed for religious .purposes, to receive "land not exceeding in quantity . . . ten acres," which is imposed by § 42 of the act of the legislature of Illinois of April 18, 1872, applies to congregations incorporated for the object named in § 35 of that act, viz.: "the purpose of religious worship;" and does not affect foreigu benevolent or missionary societies incorporated either with the objects named in the i1corporation of the Board of Foreign Missions of the Presbyterian Church in the United States, or with the objects named in the incorporation of the Board of Home Missions of that church, although both organizations are important agencies in the general religious work of that church Christian Union v. Yount, 101 U. S. 352, commented upon; explained, and affirmed.
BILL in equity to set aside a will and its probate for uncertainty so far as they related to the residuary devise and bequest. Decree, dismissing the bill, from which plaintiff appealed. The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
-Yr. 1). T. Littler, Mr,. 1. A. Wtim, and Mlrk1.?. E. lewis for appellant cited: 1 Jarman on Wills, Randolph & Talcott
ed. 403 n. 3, 404 n.; Story Eq. Jur. §§ 1158, 1183; Perry on
Trusts, § 116, 713; Bridges v. Pleasants,4 iredell Eq. 26 ;1 Fontain v. Ravenel, 17 How. 369; W7 eeler v. Smith, 9 How. 55, 79; Taylor v. - ), 2 Bradwell, 368; Allen's Executors v. Allen, 18 How. 385 ; 2unyan v. .Coster,14 Pet. 122; Lathrop v. Commercial Bank, 8 Dana, 114; Laws of Illinois, 1859, p. 20, Gross. Rev. 124; Rev. Stat. Ill. 1845, c. 35, § 44; St. Peter's Boman Catholl Congregationv. Germain, 104 Ill. 440; Laws Illinois, 1872, c. 32, § 42; Stevens v. P-att,101 Ill. 206.
X'. darhes JfeCartney for appellee cited: 2 Phill. Ev. 145756; Wigram Extrane6us Ev. 118, 138; 1 Jarman on Wills, c. 13 and note; Ziig v. Ackerman, 2 Black, 408; Bradley v. Bees, 113 Ill. 327; Hoeuser v. Harris,42 Ill. 425; Rinckley v. Thatcher, 139 Mass. 477; Allen's Executors v. Allen, 18 How. 385; ChristianUnionv. Yount, 101 U. S. 352; St. Peter's_oman Catholic Congregation v. Germain, 104 Ill. 440; Vidal v.
I S. C. 44 Am. Dec. 94.

OCTOBER TERU, 1886.
Opinion of the Court.
Girard, 2 How. 121; .Hayward.v. Da'idson,41 Ind. 212; -De Camp v. Dobbins, 29 N. J. Eq. (9 Stewart) .36; -aker v. iVef, 73Ind. 68; Alexander v. Tolleston Club, 110 Ill. 65.
MA. JusTIcE HI.ALAN delivered the opinion of the court.
Robert Gilmer, late of Irish Grove, Menard County, Illinois, died December 31, 1883, having made a last will by which he disposed of his entire estate, consisting of about four thousand dollars in personal property, and from three to. four hundred acres of land in that state. The eleventh clause of the will is in these Words: "' I also, after paying all debts and claims against my estate, b6queath and devise the remainder of my estate to be equally divided between the board of foreign and the board of home missions." The object,of the present suit is to obtain a decree declaring that clause to be void, and directing the estate of the testator, after meeting the debts and the bequests contained in other clauses to be paid to the complainant; the uncle and only heir-at-law of the decedent.
The "Board of Foreign Missions of the Presbyterian' Church in the United 'States of America" and the "Board of Home kissions of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America" - corporations created under the laws of New York - severally appeared, were made defendants, and filed answers, each claiming the right to share in the devis'e ii the eleventh clause of the will. The executors admit the justice of these claims, but ask the direction of the court in the premises. To these answers a general replication was filed; and, the cause having been heard upon the pleadings and proofs, the bill was dismissed with costs.
It is agreed in the case that the Baptist, Methodist, Episcopal and other churches, like the Presbyterian Church in the United States, of America, have boards of home and foreign missions; *consequently, it is contended, the eleventh clause of the will is void for uncertainty as to the donee and the purposes of the gift. In this view we do not concur. It is undoubtedly the rule, in respect to the testamentary disposition of property, real and personal, that uncertainty either as to the subject or object of a devise will be fatal to its validity. But that rule lias

GILMER v., . STONE.

589"

Opinion of the Court.

no application here; for, if there were no other facts in the case than that there are numerous boards which may be generally described by the words, the "board of foreign missions," and "the board of home missions," the devise in the eleventh clause would not fail. With respect to charities, gifts may be good which, with respect to individuals, would be void; "and where there are two charities of the same name the legacy will be divided between them, if it cannot be ascertained which was the intended object." 1 Jarman on Wills, 376. Can it be ascertained by competent evidence which of these various boards were the objects of the testator's bounty?
In the fourth clause of the will, the testator bequeathed his library to the Presbyterian church of Irish Grove; in the ninth, five hundred dollars toward the -erection of a Prsbyterian church in Greenview, Illinois, provided the same was built within two years from the date of the will; otherwise, the money should revert to his estate; and in the tenth, he bequeathed fifty dollars to be paid on the minister's salary of the Presbyterian church of Irish Grove for the year 1S84.
And ther was extrinsic evidence to the.following effect.: That the testator had been for many. years a member and ruling elder of the Irish Grove Presbyterian Church, one of the local congregations of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America; that collections were annually taken ,upin that congregation for the various boards of that church, including its Boards of Foreign and Home Missions;, that while. it was announced from the pulpit that collections
would be taken for the Board of Foreign Missions or the Board of Home Missions, without, in words, naming the Presbyterian Church, all such collectlons, with the knowledge and asseni of the church session, of which the testator was an active
and zealous member, were, witholt exception, sent to the officers of the Presbyterian Boards of Foreign .andHomb Missions in New York City, and regular reports thereof made to the. session; that the testator took especial interest in the work of those particular boards and uniformly contributed thereto; and that he did not, so far as his pastor or associates in the church
session lnew, make contributions to the societies of any-other

OCTOBER TERM, 1886.
Opinion of the Court
church, except to the Bible Society, which was sustaied by several religious organizations.
Of the competency of this evidence there can be no doubt. The purpose of it was to place the court, as far as possible, in the situation in which the testator stood, and thus bring the words employed by him into contact with the circumstances attending the execution of the will. Such proof does not con-tra'dict the terms of that instrument, nor tend to wrest the words of the testator from their natural opeiation. It serves only to identify ,the institutions described by him as "the board of foreign and the board of home missions;" and thus the court is enabled to avail itself of the light which the circuinstances, in which the testator was placed at the time he made the will, would throw upon his intention. "The law is not so unrgasonable," says Mr. Wigram, "as to deny to the reader, of an instrument the s-ame light which the writer enjoyed." Wigram on Wills, 2d Amer. ed. 161. The proof made a case of latent ambiguity. Such, an.ambiguity may arise, "either when it names a person as the object of a gift or a thing.as the subject of it, and there are two persons or things that answer such name or description; or, secondly, it may arise when the will contains a misdescription of the object or subject." Patchv. White, 117 U..S.-210, 217. In the same case it was observed that, "as a latent ambiguity is only disclosed by extrinsic evidence, it may be removed by extrinsic. evidence." See, also, All~e's Executors v. Allen, 1S How. 385, 393; Hinckley v. Thatcher, 139 Mass. 477; Breckenr'idge v. .Duncan, 2 A. K. Maxsh. (Ky.) 50, 51;1 .torgan v. Burrows,45 Wis. 211, 217; Brewster v. . Yc Call, 15 Conn. 273; Tilton v. Society, 61 I. ]H. 377, 382; 1 Jarman on Wills, 423, 431; 1 Greenl. Ev. § 290.
Construing, then, the will with reference to the extrinsic evidence of the uniform relations of the, testator to the subject of foreign and home missions, and to certain societies engaged inthat kind of work, it is not to be doubted that, in the eleventh clause, he had in mind the Boards of Foreign and Home Missions
1 S. C. 12 Am. Dec. 859.

GrL ER v. STONE.
Opinion of the Court.
of the general religious society or organization of which he was a member and officer. The words of the will very well apply to such an object, and, therefore, in so interpreting its provisions,.no violence is done to the language employed by the testator.
It is, also, contended that the Boards of Foreign and Home Missions of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America are foreign religious societies, of foreign societies organized for religious purposes, and, as such, 6annot, under the laws of Illinois, tak6 exceeding ten acres of land each, and that the devise in the eleventh cause, being of more than three hundred acres'of land jointly, is void and must fail.
In the- case of Christian Union v. Yount, 101 U. S. 352, 360, decided in 1879,' we considerd the 4uestion whether a conveyance made in 1870, by a citizen of Illinois, of real estate there situated, of the value of $10,006, to the American and Foreign Christian tUnion, a New York corporation, was void under the laws ot Illinois -the object of that corporation being, "by missions, colportage, the press, and other appropriate agencies, to diffuse and promote the principles of religious liberty and a pure evangelical Christianity, both at home and abroad, wherever a corrupt Christianity exists." The validity of the conveyance was sustained upon the ground that the law of Illinois, as it existed in 1870, did not preclude a benevolent or missionary corporation of another state, being thereunto authorized by its own charter, from taking title to real estate within her limits, by purchase, gift, devise, or in aiiy other manne'r.
It is, however, insisted that the force'of that decisioni is, weakened, if not destroyed, by the failure of the. court to refer to § 44 of c. 24 of the ReVised Statutes of '1845, making it lawful for "the members of any society or -congregation," theretofore formed or thereafter to be formed, "for purposes of religious worship," to "receive by gift, devise or purchase, a quantity of land not exceeding ten acres, and to erect or build thereon such houses and building as they may deem necessary for the purposes aforesaid, and to make such other use of the land and make such other improvements thereon as

OCTOBER TERM, 1886.
Opinion of the Court.
may be deemed necessary for the comfort and convenience of such society or congregation." Rev. Stat. ill. 1845, p. 120. Counsel overlook the fact that the court, in Chiristian Union v. Foant, referred incidentally, and as indicating the general course of legislation in Illinois, to the like provision in -the,act of 1872. No comment was made upon that provision, for the reason that it had no application to the case; there being no claim, as there could not well have been, that the American and F.6reign Christian Union was, within the meaning of the statute, a society or congregation "for purposes of religious worship."
In St. Peter's Roman CathoZlic Congregation v. Germain, 104 Ill..440, the Supreme Court of the state held that the fore'going section of the act of 18K5 was niot repealed by the act of March 8, 1869, providing "for the holding of Roman Catholic' churches, cemeteries and other property," but was displaced by the 42d section of the act of April 18, 1872, (c. 32 of the Revision of 1874,) which last section, however, the court said, was substantially the same as the 44th section of the act of 1845, and to be regarded as, in effect, merely continuing the latter in force.
We have, therefore, to inquire whether the devise in question is void under the act of April 18, 1872. That act makes provision for the formation of corporations for any lawful purpose, except, banking, insurance, real estate brokerage, the business df loaning money, and the operation of railroads other than horse and dummy railroads. It also makes provision for the incorporation of societies, cprporations, and associations for any lawful purpose, not for pecuniary profit, "capable of taking, purchasing, holding and disposing of real and personal estate for purposes of their organization." Secs. 29, 31:
The act proceeds: "SEc. 35. Theforegoing provisions shall not apply to any religious corporition; but any church, congregation or so(iety formed for the purpose of religious worship, may become incorporated in the manner following, to wit: . . . "SEc. 41.*'Up'on the incorporation of any congregation, church or society, all real and personal Property held by any

GILMER v. STONE.
Opinion of the Court.
person or trustees for the use of the members thereof, shall immediately vest in such corporation and be subject to its control, and may be used, mortgaged, sold and conveyed the same as if it had been conveyed to such corporation by deed; but no such conveyance or mortgage shall be made so as to hffect or. destroy the intent or effect of any grant, devise or donation that may be made to such person or trustee for the use of such congregation, church or society.
"SEC. 42. Any corporation that may be formed for religious purposes under this act or under any law of thisstate for the incorporation of religious societies, may receive by,gift, devise or purchase, land not exceeding in quantity (including that already held -by such corporation) ten acres, and. may erect or build thereon such houses, buildings or other improvements as it may deem necessary for the convenience and comfort of such congregation, church or society, and may lay out and maintain thereon a burying ground; but no such property. shall be used except in the manner expressed in the gift, grant or devise, or, if no use or trust is so expressed, except for the benefit of the congregation, church or society for which it was intended."
The 45th section permits any congregation, church, or society incorporated under the act, to receive by grant, devise or bequest, real estate, not exceeding forty acres, for the purpose of holding camp-meetings. Rev. Stat. 1874, pp. 292, 29.3:'
Assuming for the purposes of this case only, that a churcb, congregation, or society formed under the laws of another state, for purposes of religious worship in that state, could not lawfully receive by gift, devise or purchase, land in Illinois,. in excess of the quantity which "may be received in either of those modes by a similar corporation formed under the laws of']llinois, we are satisfied that the sections last quoted from the act of 1872 do not embrace corporationsof the class to which these Boards of Foreign and, Home Missions belong. The Board of Foreign Missions of the Presbyterian Ohurch in the United States of America was formed "for the purpose of establishing and conducting Christian missions among the unevangelized or pagan nations and the general diffusion
vol.. cxx-38

OCTOBER TERM, 1886.
Opinion of the Court.
of Christianity." Its power to hold real or personal estate in New York is,restricted to such quantity as will produce an annual income not exceeding $20,000. 'The object of the Board of Home Missions of that church is "to assist in sustaining the preaching of the Gospel'in feeble churches and congregations in connection with the Presbyterian Church in the United States, and generally to superintend the whole of home missions in the behalf of such church as the General Assembly shall, froni tim6 to time, direct; and also to receive,. take charge 6f, and disburse all property and funds which, at any time, and from time to time, may be intrusted to said church 'or said board for home missionary purposes." It cannot take and hold real or personal property, the annual income of which shall exceed $200,000.
While these boards. are importaht agencies in aid of the general religious work of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America, neither of them is, in any proper sense, or in the meaning of the 35th section of the act of 1872, a church, congregation, or society formed for the purpose of religious worshi.p. The counsel for the plaintiff in error seem to lay stress upon the more general words, 'formed for religious purposes," in the 42d section of the act; but manifestly 'he other parts of the same section, and previous sections, show that the only corporations intended to be restricted in the ownership of land to ten acres, were those formed for the purpose of "religio u s worship," and not to organizations commonly called benevolent or missionary societies. The reasons of public policy which restrict societies, formed for the purpose of religious worship, in their ownership of real estate, do 'not apply at all, or, if at all, only with diminished force, to corporations which have no ecclesiastical control of those engaged in religious worship, and cannot prescribe the forms of such worship, nor subject to ecclesiastical discipline those who fail to conform to the rules, usages, or orders of the religious society of which they are members.
This conclusion does not, in the slightest degree, conflict with the decision in St. etfe'r's Roman Catholic Congregationv. Germain. That was the case of a conveyance of about eighty

MARSH v. SHEPARD.
Statement of Facts.
acres of land directly to a congregation or society "formed for the purpose of religious worship," as distinguished from a benevolent br missionary organization. The court held that, under the legislation of Illinois, "a religious corporation is aubhorized to receive or acquire lands to the extent of ten acres and no more. Any amount in excess of that is expressly forbidden by statute, and it follows that all conveyances, deeds, or other contracts made in violation of this prohibition, are absolutely void."
As the eleventh clause was intended to pass, and was valid for the purpose of passing, to ,the Boards of Foreign and Home Missions of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America the estate thereby devised, the decree must be affirmned; and it is so ordered.

MARSH v. SHfEPARD.

APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF mNCHIGAN.

STATES FOR

Submitted March 7,1887.-Decided March 14,1887.
If the other ippellants oppose a motion, made by one of several appellants, to dismiss an appeal on the ground that since it was taken the Supreme Court of a state has enjoined all the appellants from enforcing the claims which form the subject matter of the appeal, it will be denied.
Tuis was a motion to dismiss an appeal from a decree of the Circuit Court dismissing a bill in equity brought to procure a perpetual injunction against alleged infringements of letters-patent. The moticn was made by James Scott, one of the appellants. The following affidavit and appearance were filed in support of the motion.
"STATE OF MIoHIGAN, Cailtoum County, ss. "James Scott, being first duly sworn, doth on oath depose
and say: I am one of the appellants named in the above entitled cause; that said appeal was taken without my knowledge and consent, and that I gave no authority to R. A.

OCTOBER' TERM, 1886.

Syllabus.

rate and distinct, and, according to all the decisions, he is in

such case entitled to recover the two compensations. In the

forimer casa, he performs the added duties unrder his appoint

,ment to a single place, and the statute has provided that he

shall receive no additional compensation for that class of duties

unless it is so provided by special legislation. The case of

United States v. Brindle, 110 U. S. 688, in which an Indian

agent received large additional compensation for services con-

nected With the sale of lands belonging to the Indians of his

agency, which was affirmed in this court, was upon the ground

that these additional services were performed for the benefit of

the Indians, and the statute implied the payment of a rea-

sonable compansation for such services. See also Converse v.

T]ie United

,$2t&f "Hs,ow. 463.

These views require the affirmance of the judgment of the

Court of Claims; and it is so ordered.

Affirmed.

KIRBY v. LAKE SHORE & MIICHIGAN SOUTHERN RAILROAD.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UKITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
Argued 'November 15, 16, 18S.-Decided January 10, 1897.
When relief is asked in equity in courts of the United States on the ground of fraud, time will not run in favor of defendant until discovery of the fraud, or until, with reasonable diligence, it might have been discovered; and this rule is not affected in the State of New York by the provisions of § 382 of the Code of that sthte as amended in 1877 in so far as they may be construed to modify it.
A statute of a state which provides that "the iime which shall have elapsed between the death of any person and the granting of letters testamentary or of administration on his estate, not exceeding six months, and the period of six months after the granting of such letters shall not be deemed any part of the time limited by any law for the commencement of actions by executors or administrators," does not give the party claiming the benefit of its proiisions both periods of six months therein mentioned, but only such time, not exceeding six months, as elapsed after

KIRBY v. LAKE SHORE, &c., RAILROAD.
Statement of Facts.
the death of the testator or intestate, before the granting of letters, and the additional time of six months after the granting of letters. In a state where the statutes authorize ancillary letters to be issued on a will proved in another state, on depositing in the office of the probating court a certified copy of the will and its probate, the executor cannot prevent the statute of limitations of the State from running against him in a court of the United States, sitting in the State, by an unreasonable delay in taking out ancillary letters. -
Tmis case was heard in the court below upon demurrers to an amended bill and to an amended bill in the natuw.of a supplemental bill. The demurrers were sustained and the bill dismissed upon the ground that the. suit was barred by the statute of limitations of the State of New York.
The material facts admitted by the demurrer were as follows: The appellant, the plaintiff below, was the executor of John T. Alexander, who died, at his domicil in the State of Illinois, on the 21st of August, 1876. He received his letters testamentary from the proper court in that state on the 6th of September of the same year. On the 7th of April, 1880; ancillary letters were issued to him by the Surrogate of the county of New York, in the State of New York. 2 Rev. Stat. N. Y. (2 ed.), marginal page 67, § 68. (Albany, 1836.)
This suit was brought April 9, 1880. Its object was to obtain a decree setting aside sundry'settlements of accounts had by the firm of J. T. & G. D. Alexander & Co. (composed of John T. Alexander, G. D. Alexander, and William Fitch, and to be hereafter called Alexander & Co.) with certain railroad corporations, defendants below, in reference to various business transactions between the parties. Those transactions arose under an agreemen, partly written and partly verbal, entered into May 28, 1870, between those corporations and Alexander & Co., relating to the shipment of horned cattle and hogs- by the latter over the roads of the former between designated points, and at specified rates of freight. The agTeement took effect June 10, 1870, and was to continue in force one year, during which period Alexander & Co. were-not .toship horned cattle or hogs over any rival road between the points named. In the event there was a reduction of iates, Alexander & Co. were to have the benefit of the lowest rates between those

OCTOBER TERM, 1886.
Statement of Facts.
points charged by either of the defendant corporations or by any other rival corporation. The agreement contemplated settlements between the parties from tinte. to time and the payment by .Alexander & Co., on each shipment, of the rates specified in the agreement. But thee aw-ounts so paid, when in excess of the lowest rates charged by.the defendant corpo-rations, or either .of them, or by other rival corporations, were to be-held by the defendants in trust for the shippers and repaid to the latter, by way of "drawbacks," on each occasion when the accounts between the parties were stated and settled.
These settlements were had monthly-or oftener. At each of them Vanderbilt, the testator of the individual defendants, in behalf of the railroad corporations, claimed to have peculiar facilities for obtaining information in reference to rates, and promised to keep Alexander & Co. (who had no means of obtaining such information) fully advised in the premises. In reply to specific inquiries addressed to him on the occasion of each'of such settlements, he represented that the rates charged by his companies to that firm were not higher than those charged by rival corporations. Relying upon such representations, Alexander & Co. consummated the various settlements upon the basis suggested by Vaiderbilt. They, however, subsequently ascertained that the rates charged by the defendant corporations, as well as by rival corporations, to shippers between the points named, and during the same period, were much lower than those charged Alexander & Co., and that the representations to the contrary by the defendant corporations were knowingly false, and made with the intent to cheat and defraud said firm. The bill alleges that the truth, as to what were the current rates for the period covered by the settlements, was fraudulently concealed by the defendant corporations from Alexander & Co., and that said frauds were not, and could nct have been, discovered by the latter until on or about April 16, 1873.
The settlements between the parties, it may be stated, covered more than two hundred shipments of cattle and hogs, the freights upon which aggregated nearly $350,000, or about $9000 per week, from June 10, 1870, to March 14, 1871, when

KIRBY v. LAKE SHORE, &c., RAILR AD.
Statement of Facts.
the contract was cancelled by mutual consent. Immediately thereafter the partnership of Alexander & Co. was dissolved and its affairs adjusted.
G. D. Alexander was adjudged to be a lunatic by the proper court in Illinois on the 3d day of April, 1872, and.is still of unsound mind. A conservator of his estate was shortly thereafter selected, but in reference to that appointment the bill charged that it was a nullity, and that no valid appointment was made until uly 3, 1880. As to Fitch, the remaining' partner, he, on April 12, 1879, brought an action in one of the courts of New York for the purpose of enforcing the liability to him, individually, of the defendant corporations and Vanderbilt, on account of the nmatters in this suit set forth, but, by proceedings had after the commencement of this litigation, his interest in the claim preferred in his own suit was sold, one Taylor becoming the purbhaser thereof, and subse: quently Fitch's suit was dismissed, by the procurement of the defendants, for want of -prosecution. The plaintiff stated that, at the time of Taylor's purchase, Fitch, by his laches, had lost any individual rights he might theretofore have had in said claim; and that Taylor had not succeeded to any substantial interest capable of being enforced herein. -He also averred that both Fitch and the present conservator of the estate of G. D. Alexander declined, upon request, to unite as coplaintiffs in this suit.
It was further alleged by the plaintiff, that the receipted freight bills having been surrendered to the defendant corporations at the time of the settlements ith them, he had no means of ascertaining the amount justly due to said fimn, by way of drawbacks, except from the freight bills, checks, and vouchers.in the possession or under the control of said corporations.
The prayer of the bill was, that the before-mentioned settlements be opened and set aside, that a reaccounting be had in respect of all of said transabtions, and that, upon final hearing, the plaintiff have a decree for the difference between the amount of "drawbacks" repaid to Alexander & Co. at the time of the settlements and the amounts which that firm were

OCTOBER TERM, 1886.
Opinion of the Court.
entitled to receive upon each settlement, with interest thereon from the time they were respectively payable.
.M>. John C. Fay and A&r. George Norris for appellant. -r. Joseph . )l&cDonald was with them on the brief.
2fr. John E.Burrill for appellees.
AIR. JusTioE HARLAN, after stating the case as above reported, delivered the opinion of the court.
The case made by the plaintiff is clearly one of which a court of equity may take cognizance. The complicated nature of the accounts between the parties constitutes itself a sufficient ground for going into equity. It would have been difficult, if not impossible, for a jury to unravel the numerous transactions involved in the settlements between the parties, and reach a, satisfactory conclusion as to the amount of drawbacks to which Alexander & Co. were entitled on each settlement. 1 Story Eq. Juris. § 451. Justice could not be done 'except by employing the methods of investigation peculiar t6 courts of equity. When to these considerations is added the charge against the defendants of actual concealed fraud, the right of the plaintiff to invoke the jurisdiction of equity cannot well be doubted.
Did the Circuit Court err in adjudging that the suit was barred by the statute of limitations?
By the Code of Civil Procedure of New York in force prior to September 1, 1871, the period o'f six years was prescribed as the limitation for -
"1. An action upon a contract, obligation, or liability, express or implied," except a judgment or sealed instrument.
"6. An action of relief, on the ground of fraud, in cases which heretofore were solely cognizable by the court of chancery; the cause of action in such case not to be deemed to have accrued until the discovery by the aggrieved party of

KIRBY v. LAKE SHORE, &c., RAILROAD.
Opinion of the Court.
-the facts constituting the fraud." Voorhees' Code, § 91 ; 4th ed. 86; 5th ed. 69-70.
The Code which went into operation September 1, 1877, prescribed the like limitation for actions upon contracts, obligations, or liabilities, exTress or implied, other than judgments
or sealed instruments; but, in place of subdivision 6 of § 91
of the old Code, was substituted the following: "5. An action to procure a judgment, other than for a sum
of money, on the ground of fraud, in a case which, on the thirty-first day of December, 1846, was cognizablo by the court of chancery. The cause of action in such it case is not deemed to have accrued until the discovery, by the plaintiff or the person under whom he claims, of the facts constituting the fraud." N. Y. Code, as amended in 1877, § 382.
The Circuit Court, deeming the jurisdiction in equity and at law to be concurrent in cases like this, was of opinion that the question of limitation is controlled by the local statute, and, upon the authority of C4a2'r v. Tiompson,. 87 N. Y. 160, adjudged that this action was not, within the meaning of § 382 of the Code, one "to procbre a judgment, other than for a sum of money, on the ground of fraud ;" and that, consequently, the causa of action accrued upon the commission of the alleged frauds (which was in 1871), and not at the date of their discovery, on the 16th 6f April, 1873. As this view is controverted by the appellant, and is the main ground upon which appellees rely for an affirmance of the judgment below, it must be exapained.
It is not clear that the decision in Carrv. Tkcmpson goes as far as the cirwit judge supposed: That was an action against an agent to'recover moneys obtained from his principals and converted to his own use, by means of false and fictitious accounts, rendered from time to time, and -Which he represented to be correct and just. Fraud although charged, was not regarded by the state court as the basis of the action. It was not deemed a suit to recdver damages for the fraud practised, but one merely to recover damages for the violation of the agent's contract or obligation to account justly and honestly to his principals. The sole question, the state court said,

OCTOBER TERM,- 1886.
Ophiion of the Court.
presented by the complaint and answer, was whether the agent properly performed his duty. It also was careful to say: "It is to be observed that the complaint is not framed for the purpose of opening an account stated; it does not allege the existence of such an account as an obstacle to a recovery, which requires the aid of equity. to remove; nor, indeed, does the answer set uP any such defence." These, remarks, in connection with the further declaration, that the words "an action to procure a judgment, other than for a sum of money, on the ground of fraud," sufficiently describe "a case in which judgment for an accounting is sought in addition to, and as a means of reaching, a judgment for money," lead us to doubt whether that court would hold, in a case like the present, that the time for commencing the action begins to run from the commission, not from the discovery, of the fraud.
*Be. that as it may, it is an established rule of equity, as administered in the courts of the United States, that, where relief is asked on the ground of actual fraud, especially if such fraud has been concealed, time will not run in favor of the defendant until the discovery of the fraud, or until, with reasonable diligence, it might have been discovered. iYeader v. lYorton, 11 Wall. 442, 458; Prevostv. Gratz,6 Wheat. 481; .Mickoud -v. Girod,4 How. 503, 561; VFeazie v. Filliams, How. 134, 14:9, 158; Browmb v. Bueaa Vita, 95 U. S. 157; JRosentkal v. Walker, 111 U. S. 185, 190; 2 Story Eq. § 1521a; Angell on Limitations. In Bailey v. Glover, 21 Wall. 342, 3417, it was said, that, "in suits in equity, where relief is sought on the ground of fraud, the authorities are without conflict in support of the doctrine that, where the ignoranca of the fraud has been produced by affirmative acts of the guilny party in coifcealing the facts from the other, the statute will not bar relief, provided suit is brought within proper time after the discovery of the fraud. We also think that in suits in equity the decided weight of authority is in favor of the proposition that, where the party injured by the-fraud remains in ignorance of it without any fault or wa4t of diligence or care on his part, the bar of the -tatute does not begin to run until the fraud is discovered, though 'there be no special cir-

KIRBY v. LAKE SHOR, &c., RAILROAD.
Opinion of the Court.
cumstances or efforts on.the part of the party bommitting the fraud to conceal it from the 'knowledge of the other party." In the same case it was said: "To hold that by concealing. a fraud, or by committing a fraud in a manner that it concealed itself, uitil such time.as the party committing the fraud could. plead the statute of limitations to protect it, is to make the law, which was designed to prevent fraud, the means by which it is made successful and secure." See, also, Traer v. Clews, 115 U. S. 528, 538. These observations were made with reference to an act of Congress prescribing a fixed time within which a suit between an assignee in bankruptcy and persons asserting adverse rights in property conveyed to such assignee should be brought. (They are peculiarly applicable to a local statute, which, if followed, would impair the power of the courts of the United States to enforce the settled principles of equity in suits of which they have, by the Constitution and the. laws of the United States, full jurisdiction. While the courts of -the Union are required by the statutes creating them tb accept, as rules of decision, in trials at common law, the laws of the several states, except where the Constitution, laws, treaties, and statutes of the United States otherwise provide, their jurisdiction in equity cannot be impaired by the local statutes of the different gtates. in which they sit. In' Uiled States v. Howlazd, 4 Wheat. 108, -115, Chief Justice Marshall, speaking for the court, said, that, as the courts of the Union have a chancery jurisdiction in every state, and the judiciai'y act confers&.the same chancery powers on all, and gives the same rule of decision, its jurisdiction must be the same in all the states. The same view was expressed by Mr. Justice Curtis in his work -on the jurisdiction of the courts in the United States (p. 13), when he observed that "the equity practice of the courts of the United States is the same everywhere in the United States, and they administer the same system of equity rules and equity jurisdiction throughout the whole of the United States without regard to state laws." So, in Payne v.- Z ,,'*Wall. 425, 430, it war said: "We' have repeatedly held ('that the jurisdiction of, the courts of the United States over controversies between citizens of differ-

OCTOBER TERM, 1886.
Opinion of the Court.
ent states cannot be impaired by the laws of the states, which prescribe the modes of redress in their courts, or which regulate the distribution of their judicial power.' If legal remedies are sometimes modified to suit the changes in the laws of the states, and the practice of their courts, it is not so with equitable. The equity jurisdiction of the courts of the Unit6d States is the same that the High Court of Chancery in England possesses, is subject to neither limitation or restraint bystate legislation, and is uniform throughout the different states of the Union." See, also, Robinson v. Campbell, 3 Wheat. 212, 221, 222; Royle v. Zackarie,6 Pet. 632, 648, 658;
ivingston v. Story, 9 Pet. 632, .656; Stearns v. Page,7 How. 819; Russell v. Southard,12 How. 139, 147; 2Peves v. Scott, 13 How. 267, 272; Barber v. Barber,21. How. 582, 592; Green v. Creighton, 23 How. 90, 105. In view of these authorities, it is clear that the statute of New York upon the subject of limitation does" not affect the power and duty of the court below - following the settled rules of equity--to adjudge that time did not run in favor of defendants, charged with 'actual concealed fraud, iantil, after such fraud was or should, with due diligence, have been discovered. Upon any other theory the equity jurisdiction of the .courts of the United States could not be exercised accotding to rules and principles applicable, alike in every state. It is undoubtedly true, as announced in adjudged cases, that courts of equity feel themselves bound, in cases of concurrent jurisdiction, by the statutes of )imitation that govern courts of law in similar circumstances, and that sometimes they act upon the analogy of the like limitation at law. But these general rules must be taken subject to the qualification that the equity jurisdiction of the courts of the United States cannot be impaired by the laws of the respective states in which they sit. It is an inflexible rule in those courts; when applying the general limitation prescribed in cases like this, to regard the cause of action as having accrued at the time the fraud was or should have been discovered, and thus withhold from the defefndant the benefit, in the computation of time, of the period during which he concealed the fraud.

KIRBY v. LAKE SHORE, &c., RAILROAD.
Opinion of the Court.
It results that even if this be not an action "to procure a judgment, other than for a sum of money, on the ground of fraud," within the meaning of the New York Code of Proce(lure, the limitation of six years, being applied here, does not, s adjudged below, commence from the commission of the alleged frauds.
Can the suit be maintained if the cause- of action is to be deened to have accrued from the discovery of the fraud ? In DNrke v. Smith, 16 Wall. 390, 401, where the local statute prescribed six years for the commencement of actions for fraud, the court, after observing that equity acts or refuses to act in analogy to the statute, said: "We think a court of equity willnot be moved to set aside a fraudulent transaction at the suit of one who has been quiescent during a period longer than that fixed by the statute of limitations, after he had knowledge of the fraud or after he was put upon.inquiry with the means of knowledge accessible to him." Without inquiring whether the plaintiff was not gujlty of such gross laches, in applying for relief, as deprived him of all right to the aid of equity, and giving him -t.he benefit of the limitation of six years, to be computed from the.discovery of -the fraud, there seems to be even then no escape from the conclusion that the suit was not brought in time. Seven years, lacking only seven days, elapsed after the discovery of the frauds by the plaintiff's testitor before suit was brought..
The plaintiff, however, contends that he had seven years within which to sue. This position is supposed to be justified by the New York statute, which declares that "the time which shall have elapsed between the death of any person and the granting of letters testaaentary or of administration on his estate, not exceeding six months, and the period of six months after the granting of such letters, shall not be deemed any part of the time limited by any law for the comnnencement of actions by executors or administrators." Rev. Stat. N. Y. pt. iii, c. 8, tit. 3, art. 1, § 9, 1st ed. vol. 2, p. 448. [Repealed. See Sess. Laws, 1877, vol. 1, p. 468, c. 417.]
If this statute has any application to a case where the cause of action accrued in the lifetime of the testator or intestate, it

140

OCTOBER TERM, 1886.

Opiniou of the Court.

cannot avail the plaintiff. It does not give the party claiming the. benefit of its provisions both of the two periods of six months therein mentioned, but only such time, not exceeding six months, as elapsed after the death of the testator or intestate before the granting of letters, and the additional time of six months after the graning of letters. Here only sixteen days intervened -between the death and the granting of letterm testamentary. In computing the time for suing there must be .excluded only these sixteen days and the six mopths immediately succeeding that period. In other words - applying that statute to the case in hand - the plaintiff had only six years six months and sixteen.days, after the discovery on April 16, 1873, of,the alleged frauds, within which to sue; whereas, this action was not brought until seven years, lacking only seven days, after the alleged frauds were discovered.
We do not conceive that the time of granting the'ancillary letters testamentary -in New York can affect the question. The will having been proved in Illinois, the place of domidil, there was nothing to prevent the immediate issue of letters upon it in New York. By the laws of that state, no further probate was necessary; a certified copy deposited in the office of the surrogate was all that was required. As this was in the executor's power to have done at any time, he can hardly claim that his own,voluntary delay should extend the period which equity considers reasonable for the institution of a suit. 2 N. Y. Rev. Stat. (2d ed.), marg. paging 67, § 82; Civil Code,
§ 269A.
The decree i8 ffirmed.

