SHIELDS i. SCHItF.'

351

Syllabus.

omitting the wQrd "closely" in speaking\of the fitting of the shell to the lining,) as well as the testimony of,the patentee, proves that there was no defect or insufficiency in the original specification, and no error, inadvertence ormistake in framing it.
If the omission, in the claim of the reissue, after the men-, tion of the outer cylinder and the ends, Qf the words "soldered
,tothe latter," before the words "in the manner substantially as described," still leaves the claim to be construed and limited by the previous description in the specification, the patentee is no better off than if he had not tgken out a reissue.
But if the' effect of omitting the words in question is to extend the claim to a fountain, the outer cylinder and ends of which are fastened together in any other manner than by a. solder of pure tin, the claim is enlarged by omitting an essential element of the patentee's invention, and the reissue is invalid, by the settled law of this court. .Wlrhler v. Brass Co., 10-4 U. S. 350; -Mahn v. Harwood, 112 U. S. 354; Parker & W-hpple Co. v. YFale Clock Co., 123 U. S. 87.
-Decreeaflrmed.

SHIELDS v. SMIFF.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THEl,TATE OF LOUISIANA.
Argued November 9, 1887. - Declded January23,1888.
The confiscation act of July 17, 1862, 12 Stat. 589, c. 195, construed in connection with :the joint resolution of the same ddy explanatory of it, 12 Stat. 627, makes no disposition of the confiscated property after the death of th" owner, but leaves it to devolve to his heirs according to the lez rei sitz, and those heird lake qua heirs, and not 'by donation from .the government.
A mortgagee, in Louisiana, under an act containing the pact de non alienanao, can proceed against the mortgagor after the latter's expropriation through confiscation proceedings, as though he had never been divested of 'his title.
The holder of a mortgage upon real estate in Louisiana ordered to be sold under a decree of confiscation may acquire the life interest of the mortgagor at the sale, and may possess and enjoy that title during the life-

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
. Opinion of the Court.
time of the mortgagor without extinguishing either the debt or the security, by reason of confusion as provided by the code of that State. The heirs of a person, whose property in Louisiana was sold under a decree of confiscation, succeed after his death by inheritance from him, and, being in privity with him, are bound equally with him by proceedings against him on a ihortgage containing the pact de non alienando. If a mortgage debtor in Louisiana, in a suit to foreclose a mortgage containing the pact de non alienahdo, waives the benefit of prescri,,ti3., those who take from him are estopped from pressing it as effectually as he is estopped.
TnE cAsE, and the federal question, are stated in the opinion of the court.
-r. G. A. Brea/u for plaintiffs in error.
.3. John A. Canmpbell for defendant in error.
MviR. Tus'rfoE BRAnEY delivered the opinion of the court.
Catherine Shields, a sister of Eustace Surget, deceased, and the children of two other sisters of his, claiming to be his nearest relatives and only heirs at law, (he having left neither ascendants nor descendants,) filed a petition in the Civil District Court for the parish of Orleans against Arthur Schiff, in March, 1883, alleging that said Eustace, in 1860 and thereafter, owned certain property in New Orleans, consisting of certain lots of ground and buildings, particularly described, acquired by purchase. from R. P. Hunt by act passed AprI 18thb, 1860; that, by proceedings in the United States Dist,ict Court said property was condemned "grid confiscated as property of said Surget, under the act of Congress bf July 17th, 1862, and sold at marshal's sale ofi the 30th of May, 1865, to Arthur Schiff; that Surget died on the 1st of February, 1882; and that Schiff had continued in possession since that time, receiving the rents and revenues. The petitioners prayed to be declared owners of the property and entitled to the possessibn thereof since the death of Surget, and for a judgment against Schiff for the rent and damages.
Schiff, by his answer, claimed to be the owner and possessor of the property by lawful title acquired at public sale made by the civil sheriff of Orleans on the 3d day of August, 1880,

SHIELDS v. SCHIFF.
Opinion of the Court.
under and by virtue of a writ of seizure and sale for the foreclosure of a mortgage given upon said property on the 8th of January, 1860, by the former owner, R. P. Hunt, to one Edward Schiff, to secure $24,000, payable in notes which matured in January, 1862; which mortgage the said Eustace Surget, in his act of purchase from Hunt, assumed to pay as part of the price; and that the defendant, Arthur Schiff, was holder of the notes secured by said mortgage.
U. ler these pleadings the parties went to proof, and the statements of both petition and answer were verified. The act of mortgage given by Hunt to Schiff, January 28th, 1860; the act of sale by Hunt to Surget, April 18th, 1860; the confiscation proceedings and sale; the foreclosure proceedings and sale; and testimony of witnesses as to the family of Surget, were given in evidence. The mortgage from Hunt to Schiff contained the clause agreeing not to alienate, called the pact de non alienando. The act of sale by Hunt to Surget con-, tained a statement that the,amount of the notes secured by the mortgage was part of the purchase price, and an assumption by Surget to pay the same, and a p~omise to fulfil and comply with all the conditions and clauses therein contained.
It appears that Arthur Schiff intervened in the confiscation proceedings for the protection of his mortgage upon the property, and at the sale became the purchaser for the sum of $22,000, the residue of which, after payment of costs and expenses, was duly credited on his notes. From the time of said sale (May 17th, 1865) Schiff had possession of the property.
There remained a large sum due to Schiff on the notes, amounting, on the 22d bf June, 1880, to over $30,000. On that day, he instituted proceedings to foreclose his mortgage, by seizure and sale, making Eustace Surget, the debtor, party to the proceedings. Surget, being then in France, could not be personally served with the notice of demand of payment, and it was served upon a cu'atorad hoc appointed by the court; and a writ of seizure and sale was issued, and, on the 3d of July, 1880, the property was sold, and Schiff became the purchaser for the sum of $19,000. Monition proceedings were afterwards had, homologating the sale.
VOL. CXXIV-23

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
It appears by a certificate of the authorities 'of the city of Bordeaux, France, that Surget died in that place on the 1st of February, 1882. He left a will, dated July 11th, 1872, with a codieil thereto, dated November 12th, 1879. By the will he gave all his property to his wife, M[ary Atwell Surget, (who survived him,) and made her his sole executrix; and the codi-" oil was in these words, to wit:
"I hereby forcibly enjoin upon my dear wife, or, should she not be living at thetime of my own demise, upon my natural heirs, to make immediately unto Arthur Schiff, of the city of. New Orleans, Louisiana, a -clear and valid title to certain property situated on Rampart Street, in that city, and conveyed to him by me by notarial act executed by me before T. 0. Starke, notary public, in the city of New Orleans, on the 18th of July, 1866, the confiscation laws of the United States Government having deprived Mr. Schiff up to thepresent time of the full enjoyment and possession of said property, which is justly his, it having been my fixed and honest intention to make him a good and valid title to the said property."
It is understood that the property referred to is the same property now in question in this suit.
The Civil District Court of New Orleans, in accordance with the decisions of this court in Bigelow v. Forrest,9 Wall. 339; Daay v. -Micou, 18 Wall. 156; The Con 'ecation Cases, 20 Wall. 92; and Va~pes v. Thays, 108 U. S. 6; and also in accordance with the decision of the Supreme Court of Louisiana in Aveegno v. Schmidt, (which has since been affirmed by this court, 113 U. S. 293,) held that the confiscation of Surget's estate did not affect the mortgage 'vhich his grantor, Hunt, had given to Schiff, and that a sale of the property under that mortgage in 1880 was perfectly valid; and that it made nodifference that Schiff, the purchaser of Surget's life estate under the confiscation proceedings, became also the purchaser under the mortgage.
It was objected by the plaintiffs against Schiff's title under the foreclosure proceedings, that the notes, to secure which the mortgage had been given, had been long prescribed, and that the mortgage had lapsed for want of re-inscription. But

SHIELDS 9. SCHIFF.
Opinion of the Court.
the Civil District Court overruled this objection and said: "Like the mortgage in the case of Avegno v. Schmidt, Schiff's mortgage contained the pact de non aliencando. As we have seen above, the confiscation proceedings did not disturb the contractual relations existing between Surget and Schiff. And as long as the debt was not prescribed, or, if prescribed, and the debtor did not plead it, the foreclosure was in time.". The court also held (though this was not necessary to the decision) that Surget's instituted heir, and not his natural heirs, was entitled to succeed to the estate upon his death. Judgment was given in favor of the defendant. This judgment was appealed' to the Supreme Court of Louisiana, and was affirmed. 36 La. Ann. 645. The judgment of the Supreme Court is now before us for revision; and substantially the same questions are raised here which were made in the courts of Louisiana.
The opinions of the Justices of the Supreme Coifrt of Louisiana are presented to us in the record, and seem to us satisfactorily to dispose of every question which is necessarily involved. The leading-opinion states the point to be decided, and the propositions on which the decision should rest, as follows:
"Under our views of the controversy, in the light of the established jurisprudence on the true and correct meaning of the confiscation act, the pivotal issue in the case hinges upon the validity of the sale effected under the executory process instituted against Surget by the defendant Schiff in June, 1880. A proper solution of that issue involves a consideration of the question of the effect of the confiscation on the perpetual ownership or fee of the confiscated property.
"In the recent case of Avegno et a7. v. Schmidt & Ziegler, 35 La. Ann. 585, we had occasion to consider some of the effects of proceedings instituted under that legislation.
"Under the guidance of numerous decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States we established in that case the following propositions, which are to some extent involved in the present controversy, and which we shall therefore abstain from discussing in this opinion:
"1st. The act of Congress of July 17, 1862, generally

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
known as the ' Confiscation Act,' and the joint resolution of the same day explanatory thereto, must be construed together.
"2d. In a sale of property confiscated thereunder, all that could be sold was a right to the property seized, terminating with the life of the person for whose offence it had been seized.
"3d. Such proceedings and sale do not affect the rights of mortgage existing in favor of third persons on the property, which goes to the Government or to the purchaser cum onere.
"4th. A mortgagee under an act containing thb pact de non alienando, can proceed against the mortgagor, after the latter's expropriation through confiscation proceedings, as though the latter had never been divested of his -title. Bigelow v. Forrest,9 Wall. 339; .Dayv. A1Tieou, 18 Wall. 160; Taples v. Hays, 108 U. S. 6.
"Under the principles thus laid down, resting on the high authority of the first tribunal of the land, and which we do not understand to be contested by either party in the case at bar, we conclude that the following propositions can be considered as fully established in the present controversy:
"1st. That the title which Schiff acquired at the confiscation sale in May, 1865, expired with Surget at his death, in 1882.
"2d. That the mortgage rights of Schiff on the fee of the confiscated property for the security of the unpaid balance of his notes were not affected by that sale, but remained in full force notwithstanding his acquisition of a life estate in the property, and his possession and enjoymeni of the same under his title, and that in this case there was no extinction of either the debt or the security by reason of confusion, as providedin our code." pp. 64:7, 648.
There seems to have been some difference of opinion between the judges on the question whether, after the confiscation proceedings and sale, the fee was in albayance, or in the United States, or in Surget divested of the power of disposition; but all agreed that, however it was, the heirs succeeded by inheritance from Surget, and not by donation from the generosity of the Government; and, hence, being in privity with their ,ancestor, they were bound, equally with him, by the proceed-

SHIELDS v. SCUIFF.
Opinion of the Court.
ings on the mortgage, which contained the pact de non alienando.
Chief Justice Bermudez says: "It is true that the proceeding is in rem,but the law of the sitU requires it to be conducted contradictorily with the owner, in order that the judicial sale may operate a valid divestiture of the title or fee, even if the defendant were not the owner of the fee at the date of the proceeding and sale following. "But even assuming and conceding that the offender, Surget, was actually divested of his entire-ownership, perfect and imperfect, and that the fee vested in the Uited States, the divestiture would not be entitled to more effect than it would have if Surge had, himself, in the absence of any condemnation and sale, voluntarily parted with his ownership of the property. "In such,a Oise, under the terms of the contract of sale on which Schiff -bai-e.his claim, the alienation of the property by Surget could not have prejudiced him, as it contains the clause d- non alienando, which, under the laws of this State, authorizes'him to proceed in the enforcement of his debt against the original ddbtor and mortgagor, regardless of the transfer and ignori ig it -the property passing to the transferee or purchaser curn onere, or subject to that clause. . "From that standpoint it is therefore immaterial whether the fee remained in Surget or passed to the Government. It was divested by the proceedings of 1880 and vested in Schiff. "Prescription is a means of defence created by the law for the necessity of things to which the individuals, in whose favor it exists, may have recourse or not as they may deem better. They are under no obligation to set it up. When, therefore, they are sued in a case in which they could urge it, and do not do so, they are deemed ta have waived the benefit of it. Under such circumstances, those who take from them, their heirs or assigns, are as equally estopped from pressing it as effectually as the debtor himself. "As Surget did not set up prescription or preemption prior to the sale of the property, but, on the contrary, waived it,

OCTOBER .TEP.M, 1887.
Opinion of the' Court.
and recognized title in Schiff, as is shown by his silence and his will, the claim of Schiff continued in existence, was legal and valid, and the expropriation became complete in his favor, as' creditor, purchasing as ift.here never was any prescription law.
"Those and any other defences which could have been and were not set up by Surget before the sale, the plaintiffs, who are Surget's heirs and successors, and who have acquired no rights which he did not possess, and could not have exercised, cannot Iv permitted to assert and urge after his death.' pp. 657, 658.
IMr. Justice Fenner says: "For the purposes of this controversy, it matters not where the fee resided. Wherever it was, the Supreme Court has unequivocally settled the doctrine that it remained subject to prior mortgages and privileges in favor of third persons, which were entirely unaffected by the confiscation proceedings. "Neither did those proceedings affect the debt due by Surget to Schiff, which was secured by mortgage. "The object and effect of the pact de non alienando under our law is to secure to the mortgage creditor the right to 'foreclose his mortgage by executory process directed solely against the original debtor, and to seize and sel the mortgaged property, regardless of any subsequent alienations. "We make a long step towards eliminating irrelevant questions and exposing the real and, pivotal' question in this case when we announce as an indisputable proposition, that if the executory.proceedings against Surget were regular; if,, at the date thereof, the debt subsisted; if the mortgage securing the same were valid, and had been preserved by proper inscription and re-inscription, the purchaser at the sale under these proceedings would have" acquired a valid title Against all the world, regardless of who owned the fee at the date thereof. "Indeed, I do not understand that the karned counsel of plaintiffs would dispute this propositioh. They blain that the title is invalid, as against plaintiffs, on two grounds, viz.: "1 That at the date of the foreclosure proceeding, the debt of Schiff had been extinguished, by prescription.

SHIELDS v. SCHIFF.
Opinion of the Court.
"2. That his mortgage had lapsed as to them by the failure. to re-inscribe it within the term prescribed by law.
"At this point we encounter other elementary propositions, too plain for dispute, establishing that, whatever force the above objections might have if urged by third pers6ns, they have none in favor of the mortgagor or *his heirs. As to prescription, the mortgagor having failed to plead it, its effect is forever lost as to him and his heirs. As to the want of re-inscription, neither inscription or re-inscription is necessary to preserve the mortgage as against the mortgagor and his heirs.
"By this process of elimination we reduce this controversy to a single question, viz.: Are the plaintiffs, heirs of Surget, claiming title by virtue of inheritance through him, or are they third persons as to him, deriving title from the bounty of the United States conferred upon them under the merely descriptive quality of heirs of Surget? They have their right upon the latter hypothesis. If we confine ourselves to the plain language of the acts of Congress, it is difficult to discern any foundation for such a theory." . The learned justice then proceeds to demonstrate from the words of the act of Congress of-July 17, 1862, and the explanatory resolution, that they make no disposition of the property confiscated, after the death of the owner, but leave it to devolve to his heirs according to the lex Pei sitce, and that those heirs take qua heirs and not by donation from the government.
These opinions express precisely our own views with regard to the effect of the confiscation act upon the devolution of title at the death of tle owner in whose hands the property was confiscated. Indeed, we expressed our concurrence in the judgment of the Supreme Court of Louisiana in this case in the opinion delivered by Mr. Justice Woods in Avegno v. Schmidt, 113 U. S. 293, 300. As this is the only federal question in the case, and as we concur in the opinion of the Supreme Court of Louisiana -thereon, we accept the views of the state court as to the validity of the proceeding for foreclosure under the local laws of that State. In fact, nearly -every point raised in the present case was decided in the case of 4vegno v. Schmidt, above cited.
udment aflrmed

.BRAZEE v. SCHOFIELD.
Syllabus.
BRAZEE v. SOHOFIELD.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE TERRITORY OF WASH-
INGT6N.
A.gued ana .uomtted December 16, 1887.-Decided January 30, 1888.
In March, 1848, A S and E S,his.wife, settled upon a tract of .public land in what was then the Territory of Oregon, and is now Washington Territory, and from thenceforward continued to reside upon it, and cultivated it for four years as required by the act of September 27, 1850, 9 Stat. 496, c. 76. After completing the required term of cultivation, A S died intestate in January, 1853. In October, 1853, E 5, assuming to ict under the amendatory act of February 14, 1853, filed with the Surveyor General of the Territory, proof of the required residence and cultivation by her deceased husband. In 1855 or 1856 the heirs and the widow agreed upon a partition, she taking the east half and they the west half. In 1866 the'Probate Court made partition of the west half among the heirs, and, one of them being a minor, appointed a guardian to represent him, and directed the guardian to sell, by public auction, the tract allotted to his ward in the partition. 'In accordance therewith the guardian made such sale, and executed and delivered a deed of the property to N S, the purchaser, who entered into possession of the tract, and made valuable improvements on it, and from that time on paid the taxes upon it. In May, 1860, the map of the public survey, showing this donation claim, was approved, and in June, 1860, final proof of the settlement and cultivation by A S was made. In June, 1862, E S died. In July, 1874, the donation certificate was issued, assigning the west half to A S,and the east half to E S, and in 1877, under the provisions of Rev. Stat. § 2448 a patent was issued accordingly, notwithstanding the deaths of the parties. Some years afterwards the heirs of A S and B S sold and conveyed to J B their interest in the land so sold to N S. J B thereupon brought this action against N S for possession of it. Hyeld: (1) That before the act of February 14, 1853, the settler not being required to give notice in advance of the public survey, A S was not in fault for not having given such notice during his lifetime; (2) That, as the law contemplated that *hen a joint settlement had been made by two, the benefit of the donation, in case of the death of either, should be secured to the heirs, the notice given by the widow in October, 1853, was sufficient to secure the donation claim in its entirety; (3) That the heirs of-A S and their privies in estate were estopped, as against N S,to deny that A S resided on the tract and cultivated it, and that his widow and children were at the date of his death entitled, under the statute, to the donation land claim;

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
(4) That the widow and the heirs having agreed to a division among themselves, other persons could not complain of the arrangement if the Surveyor General afterwards conformed to their wishes 'in this respect;
(5) That the proceedings in the Probate Court were warranted by the laws of Oregon in force at that time;
(6) That the minor having made no objection to those proceedings for eleven years after coming of age, and not having indicated an intention to disavow the sale until the property had greatly increased in value, his course was equivalent to an express affirmance of the proceedings, even if they were affected with such irregularities as, upon his prompt application after coming of age, would have justified the court in setting them aside.
Hall v. Russell, 101 U. S. 503, distinguished.
Trs was an action for the possession of real estate. Judgment for defendant. Plaintiff appealed. The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
Ar. Leander ffolmes for appellant.
M'. Rufus 31fallory and 21r. B. F. Dennison submitted on their brief.
M] . JusTicn FIELD delivered the opinion of the court.
This case comes before us on appeal from the Supreme Court of the Territory of Washington. The action was brought by the plaintiff below, who is appellant here, for the possession of a tract of land in Clarke County, in that Territory, containing about thirty-five acres, more or less, of which he alleges that he is the owner and entitled to the possession, but which the defendants wrongfully withhold from him, and have done so fork the last six years, and of which they have during that time appropriated the rents and.profits.
. The plaintiff, in support of his alleged title to the premises, relies upon cdnveyances thereof from the heirs of Amos M. Short, in whose name and that of Esther Short, his wife, a pa.cenit of the United States was issued on the 13th of October, 187-7, for a tract of land 'embracing the premises, in supposed compliance with the pct of Congress of September 27, 1850, for the protectfon of settlers in the Territory of Oregon.

BRAZEE v. SCHOFIELD.
Opinion of the Court.
The defendants assert title to the premises through a conveyance thereof of an earlier date by the guardian of one of the said heirs, made under the direction of the probate court of the county after partition had been had between the heirs of their respective interests.
It appears-that on the 8th of March, 1848, Amos M. Short, and Esther Short his wife, settled upon a tract of land in the present county of Clarke and Territory of Washington, then constituting part of the Territory of Oregon, claiming the same under the laws of the provisional government of the country, which the inhabitants had established as early as 1845. By those laivs each settler was entitled to 640 acres, upon complying with certain conditions as to their improvement. On the 14th of August, 1848, Congress passed an act establishing a government for the Territory. 9 Stat. 323, c. 177. The 14th section recognized and continued in force the laws of the provisional government so far as the same were not incompatible with the Constitution 9f the United States and the principles and provisions of the act, but all laws making grants of land, or otherwise affecting or encumbering the title to lands, were declared to be void. Afterwards, on September 27, 1850, Congress passed an act commonly called the Donation Act of Oregon, by which the substantial benefits of the laws of the provisional government in the acquisition of titles to lands were secured to settlers. It is entitled "An act to create the office of Surveyor General of the Public Lands in Oregon, and to provide for the Survey and to make Donations to Settlers of the said Public Lands." 9 Stat. 496, c. 'T6. By the 4th section of this act, a grant of land -was made to every white settler or occupant of the public lands in Oregon above the age of eighteen years, who was a citizen of the United States, or had made a declaration according to law of his intention to become a citizen, or who should make such declaration on or before the first day of December, 1851, and who was at the time a resident of the Territory, or might become a resident before December 1st, 1850, and who should reside upon and cultivate the same for four consecutive years, and otherwise conform to the provisions of the act. The grant
VOL. cxx v-32

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
was of 320 acres of land if the settler was a single man; but if. a married man, or if he should become married within one year from the first day of December, 1850, then it was of 640 acres.; one half to himself and -the other half to his wife, to be held by her in her own right, the Surveyor General to designate the part inuring to the husband and that to the wife., and enter the same on the records of his office.
The section furither provided that in all cases where such married persons had complied with the provisions of the act, so as to entitle them to the grant, whether under the late provisional government of Oregon or since, and either should die before the patent was issued, the survivor, and children or heirs of the deceased, should be -entitled to his share or interest in equal proportions, except where he should otherwise dis-pose of it by will.
By the 6th section the settler was, within three months after survey of the land, or where the survey had been made before the settlement commenced, then within three months from its commencement, to notify the Surveyor General of the United States for the Territory of the precise tract claimed jy him under the act. By the 7th section he was. within twelve months after the survey, or where the survey had been made before the settlement, within that period after its commencement, to prove to the satisfaction of the Surveyor General, or of such other officer as might be appointed for that purpose, that the settlement and cultivation required had been commenced, specifying the time of the commencement; and after the expiration of four years from the date of such settlement, whether made under the laws of the provisional government or not, to prove in like manner by two disinterested witnesses the continued residence and cultivation required b the 4th section. Such proof being made, the Surveyor General, or other officer appointed for that purpose, was to issue a certificate, setting forth the facts and specifying the land to which the party was entitled, and to return the proof thus taken to the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and if he found no valid objection thereto, a patent was to issue for 'the land according to the certificate, upon its surrender.

BRAZEE v. SCHOFIELD.

499'

Opinion of the Court.

By an act passed on the 14th of February, 1853, 10 Stat.. c. 69, 158, the donation act was amended, extending the provisions of the original act to the first of December, 1855, and requiring any person entitled to the benefit of the 4th section of that act, who was a resident in the Territory on or prior to December 1st, 1850, to file with the Surveyor General of the Territory, in advance of the time when the public surveys should be extended over the particular land claimed by him, if such surveys had not been previously made, a notice settinIg forth his claim to the benefits of that section.
The four years' residence and cultivation required of Amos M. Short by the donation act Were completed on the 8th of :March, 1852. On the 9th of January, 1853, he died intestate, leaving his widow and ten children surviving him. Letters of administration on his estate were issued to her by the Probate Court of Clarke County; and she was appointed guardian of the minor children. Subsequently she surrendered her letters of administration, and one S. Burlingame was appointed administrator in her place, she continuing guardian of the minor children, with the exception of one of them, Alfred D. Short, of *hom another was appointed guardian. On the 4th of October, 1853, assuming to follow the amendatory act of February 14, 1853, she filed with the Surveyor General of the Territory the notice in writing required by that act, showing that her deceased husband, by his residence up6n and cultivation of the land, had complied with the provisions of the donation act, and as such wds entitled to its benefit. On the 26th of May, 1860, the map of the survey of public lands, including the donation land claim, was approved by the Surveyor General, and on the 19th of June following the final proof of settlement, residence upon, and cultivation of the land was made, and on the 31st of July, 1874, the donation certificate was issued, by which the west half of the claim was assigned to Amos M. Short, and the east half to his wife Esthef, who had died on the 28th of June, 1862. A patent for the donation claim was issued to them and their heirs, bearing date October 13, 1877, by which the west half of the claim was allotted and granted to Amos M. Short and his

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
heirs, and the east half was allotted and granted to Esther Short and her heirs. The patent was issued in this form, notwithstanding the death of Amos and Esther Short, pursuant to § 2448 of the Revised Statutes, re6nacting the provisions of the act of May 20, 1836, 5 Stat. 31, c. 76, which declares that "where patents for public lands have been or may be issued, in pursuance of any law of the United States, to a person who had died, or who hereafter dies, before the date of such patent, the title to the land designated therein shall inure to and become vested in the heirs, devisees, or assignees of such deceased patentee, as if the patent had issued to the deceased person during life."
Some years after the issue of this patent the heirs of Amos and Esther Short conveyed their interest in the land in controversy to the grantors of the plaintiff.
It would seem that some time in the year 1855, or in 1856, the heirs of Amos M. Short and his widow agreed among themselve§ upon a division of the donation claim. The widow took the east half and the children the west half. in July, 1856, the part thus by agreement assigned to the children was, by ordefr of the probate court, upon their application, partitioned among them. It was divided into ten parts, oie of which was allotted to each child. The value of the different allotments was appraised and, where necessary to equalize their valuation, owelty was allowed. Of one of the heirs,. Grant H. Short, a minor, a guardian was appointed, who subsequently, by order of the probate court, sold the property of his ward for the purpose of raising money with which to pay his just debts, and to 'furnish him the necessary means of living. The sale was made at auction to the highest bidder, and the defendant Nicholas Schofield became the purchaser, and a (teed was executed to him bearing date April 29, 1865. He went at once into possession and put improvements upon the property to the value of $2000, and ever afterwards paid the annual taxes thereon.
The title thus obtained by the defendant is assailed by the plaintiff upon the alleged ground that no right to the donation claim was acquired by the residence and cultivation of Amos

BRAZEE v. SCHOFIELD.
Opinion of the Court.
Mdi. Short, he not having notified the Surveyor General of his claim; and that the notice by Esther Short, in October, 1853, being given after his death, was of no efficacy; and that therefore no interest in any part of the land passed to his heirs to be partitioned or sold.
It is undoubtedly true that the donation act requires for the completion of the settler's right,to a patent not only that he should reside upon the land and cultivate it for four years, but that he should notify the Surveyor General of the precise land he claims. The object of the law was to give title 1o the party who had resided upon and cultivated the land, and who was, therefore, in equity and justice better entitled to the property than others who had neither resided upon nor cultivated it. But it was also of importance to the government to know the precise extent and location of the land thus resided upon and cultivated. It yas necessary to enable the government to ascertain what lands were free from claims of settlers, and thus subject to sale or other disposition. There was nothing, however, in the information to be communicated which rendered it necessary that it should proceed from the husband alone. So long as he remained the head of the family settlement there was a manifest propriety in its proceeding from him, but in case of his death it is not perceived why it might not come with equal efficacy from his widow, who then took his place as the head of the family. The law contemplates in all 'its provisions that where a settlement has been joint, by the two together, the benefit of the donation intended for both should be secured, in case of the death of either, to his or her heirs. It is tru, the notice to the Surveyor General wai the first proceeding which informed the public authorities of the intention of the occupant to avail himself of the benefits of tile a~t, and of his acceptance of the proffered grant. Butwithout the residence and cultivation required, the notice would be of no efficacy. By the original act they might precede the notice, if the public surveys had not been extended over the land. Until such survey was made no notice to the Surveyor'General was x.equired, and yet the occupant was not for the want'of it to lose the grant which the act contemplated

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.

Opinion of the Court.

as a, reward for his continued residence and cultivation. It

was the amendatory act of 1853 which required notice to be .given to the Surveyor General in advance of the public-sur-

veys; and such notice could only be given by the widow,

the husband being then dead. The event calling upon him to

give the notice had not occurred during his life, that is, the

survey of the land had not been made. He was not therefore

in fault for not giving it. Under these circumstances it is not

perceived why the widow might not give it, she and her chil-

dren being directly interested in the matter.' To hold other-

wise, and thus impose a great loss upon them, would seem to be contrary to the general purpose of the act, which was to

extend its protection to them as well as to the father and hus-

band whenever his residence and cultivation had continued for

the required period. Indeed, by the 8th section of the act of

1850 it was provided that upon the dbath of any settler before

the expiration of the four years' continued possession required,

the rights of the deceased should descend to the heirs at law

of such settler, including his widow, where one was left, in

equal parts, and that proof of compliance with the conditions

of the act up to the time of his death should be sufficient to

entitle them to a patent. Much more would it seem should

the widow and children be secured in the donation, where the

residence and cultivation: had continued for the whole period

required, and be permitted to perform any future act to estab-

lish their rights, required by reason of subsequent legislation.

Besides, the act of 1864, amending the donation act, declares

that a failure to file the notice within the time fixed should

not work a forfeiture. 13 Stat. 184, c. 154. We are of opin-

ion, therefore, that the notice given by the widow in October,

1853, was sufficient to preserve the donation claim in its en-

tirety.

I

The ca-,e of Hall v. Russell, 101 U. S.503, does not conflict

with these views. There the husband died after residence of

less than a year, and it was. held that he had acquired no

devisable interest in the property; the interest which the

widow and heirs might take under the 8th section upon such

limited residence and cultivation by the deceased husband was

as donees of the government and not by descent.

BRAZEE v. SCHOFIELD.
Opinion of the Court.
There is another view of this case which would seem to conclude the appellant as to the sufficiency and legality of this notification by the widow. The patent of the United States was issued upon the supposed compliance of the patentees with the requirements of the donation act. That instrument is not in the record, but we must presume that it follows the usual form of such instruments, and recites the compliance of the patentees with the requirements of the act, and the production to the proper officers of satisfactory proof on that point. The appellant derives all the title he asserts through conveyances of the heirs of the deceased settler under the patent. As well observed by the Supreme Court of the Territory, under these/circumstances these heirs and their grantees are estopped from "saying to the prejudice of any grantee of theirs, but that the husband and ancestor, Amos Short, deceased, duly resided upon and cultivated for the prescribed period the donation land claim known as his, or that, by virtue of a full compliance with the essential requirements ot the donation act, his widow and children were, at the date of his death, in January, 1853,. entitled under the act to that land claim."
The conditions for the acquisition of the title to the entire donation tract having been complied with, upon the notice given by his widow in October, 1853, followed by proof of the continued residence and cultivation required by the act, what remained to be done by the offlceis of the government was, to divide the land between the widow and heirs, assigning to her one half part, and to the heirs the other half. They having agreed to a division between themselves, it is not for any others to complain of the arrangement, if the Surveyor General afterwards conformed to their wishes in that respect.
As to the objections taken to the want of jurisdiction in the Probate Court of Clarke County to make the partition between the heirs, or to authorize the guardian of Grant H. Short to sell his interest, only a few words need be said. That the probate court was at that time vested with jurisdiction over proceedings for thc. partition of real property among

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
joint owners, and over proceedings for the sale, of the property of minors, upon proper application and showing, appears from the statutes of the Territory then in force. (See act. touching the relation of guardian and ward of 1855 ; and act respecting executors, administrators, and the distribution of real and personal property of 1854; Laws of Territory, "of 1854-, p. 300, and of 1855, p. 14.) Whatever objections, therefore, there may be to the action of the probate court, they cannot arise from want of jurisdiction over the subjects considered, but must exist, if having any foundation, in defective proceedings or insufficient averments. And of objections of this character we can only say, that the facts touching the partition and sale are not sufficiently disclosed by the transcript to enable us to pass upon the objections. The records of the application for the partition, and of the guardian to sell, and of the proceedings taken in either matter, are not before us. It appears, however, that for many years after they came of age no objection was made by the heirs, who were minors at the time, to any of the proceedings in partition. On the contrary, they proceeded at once, after the partition, to exercise control by -themselves or guardians appointed by the probate court, over the several parts allotted to them; and some of the heirs sold and conveyed to others their respective portions. The court below expressly finds that the heirs, who were minors in 1856, after becoming of f ll age adopted the partition as made and assented to by their guardians in that year. The minor Grant H. Short, whose property was sold to one of the defendants, received the benefit of the moneys obtained upon the sale; they were used to pay some just debts incurred for him, and to furnish him the necessaries of life. For eleven years after he became of age he made no objection to the proceedings, or by any act indicated his intention to disaffirm the sale or deed made by his guardian; and then, in 1878, he gave to the grantors of the appellant a deed of his interest in the donation claim. In the meantime the property had greatly increased in value by the improvements put upon it by the purchaser and his grantee, Mkary Schofield.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA v. GALLAHER.
Opinion of the Court.
Under these circumstances, we think the Supreme Court of the Territory was correct in its conclusion that the long acquiescence of the minor, after he became of age, in the proceedings had for the sale of his property, was equivalent to an express affirmance of them, even were they affected with such irregularities as, upon his prompt application after becoming of age, would have justified the court in setting them aside.
Judgment aJflrmed.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA v. GALLAHER.
APPEAL FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Argued January 23, 1888.lDecided February G,1888.
When, in the performance of a written contract, both parties put a practical construction upon it which is at variance with its literal meaning, that construction will prevail over the language of the contract.
In this case the defendant in error having under a written contract with the agents of the plaintiff in error constructed a sewer which in the course of construction was, by mutual consent, and for reasons assented to by both parties, made to vary in some respects from the plans which formed part of the contract, but without any agreement a, to a change in the contract price; Held, for the reasons given by the Court of Claims, that the judgment of that court awarding the contract price for the work is affirmed.
THE case is stated in the opinion of the court.
Ar. AssistantAttorney General HToward for appellant. Xr. Attorney General was with him on the brief.
.Mr. Thomas Hughes and Xr. Woodbury Blair for appellee.
MR. JUsTICE MATTHEWS delivered the opinion of the court.
This suit was brought against the District of Columbia for the recovery of the sum of $138,459.55; of this $35,433.49 were alleged to be payable as the balance due upon a contract for building and completing the brick arch upon stone abutments of Tiber Creek sewer, as set out and described in the

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
KNIGHT v. PAXTON.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCOIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS.
Submitted January 4, 1888.-Decided February 6,1888.
An ante-nuptial settlement was excuted prior to 1867, by which J.M. conveyed to his brother T. M., land in Illinois, in trust for his intended wife, for her life, and in case of her death leaving a child or children, to such child or children, and in case of her death without a child, then to S. I. and O. L. for life, withremainder to J.M. and his heirs, In~lay, 1867, J.M., S. M., and 0. L. joined in conveying the premises to thewife for the purpose of determining the trust and vesting their respective rights under the settlement in her absolutely. In 1872 J.31. and the wife joined in a trust deed of the premises, in the nature of a mortgage, to secure the payment of a debt of the husband. The trust deed purported to be acknowledged by the husband and wife; but after foreclosure and sale, the husband and wife, being in possession of the premises, set up as against the purchaser, that the wife had never acknowledged it, and that by reason thereof she had never parted with the homestead right in the premises secured to her by the law of Illinois. The purchaser filed this bill in equity, to have the wife's homestead right set ol to her on a division, or, if the property was incapable of division, to have it discharged of it on the payment into court of $1000. Held: (1) That, without deciding the effect of the birth of a child, after the deed of May, 1867, as a restraint upon the alienation of the fee, the trust deed of 1872, under the Illinois statute of March 27, 1869, respecting deeds of femes covert, operated to convey the life estate of the wife to the grantee, and that no acknowledgment was necessary to its validity. (2) That, the master having reported that the property could not be divided, the complainant was entitled to the possession of the whole premises, under the laws of Illinois, upon payment into court of $1000.
BILL in EQUITY. The case is stated in the opinion of the
court.
Xr1. George L. Paddockfor appellant.
Al. 1. H. Boutell for appellee.
19R. JUSTICE FIELD delivered the opinion of the court.
This suit was brought by James W. Paxton, the complainant below, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the

KNIGHT v. PAXTON.
Opinion of the Court.
Northern District of Illinois, to obtain a decree that so much of certain described real property, situated in Chicago, as was of the value of one thousand dollars, be set off to the defendants for their homestead, and that the possession of the residue be delivered to him; or, if the premises could not be divided, that the possession of the whole be delivered to him on his paying into court for the use of the defendants the sum of one thousand dollars. The facts, as set forth in the bill, are in substance as follows: On the 13th of February, 187,2, James M. Marshall, of Chicago, being indebted to the complainant in the sum of $10,000, executed and. delivered to one Francis Bradley his bond of that date, in the penal sum of $20,000, conditioned to pay the amount of that indebtedness on.the 13th of February, 1877, with semiannual interest;, and also ten coupon notes, each for $450, payable to the order of the said Francis Bradley. The bond and coupon notes were on the same day assigned to the complainant, and Marshall and his wife at once executed a deed of the real property mentioned to one Lyman Baird, in trust for the security of the principal and interest of the bond and the coupon notes, and subject to a condition of defeasance on their payment according -to their terms, and the performance of the covenants mentioned therein. This deed purported to be acknowledged by Marshall and his wife, and was on the following day recorded in the recorder's office of the county. Default having been made in the payment of the principal sum, the trustee, Baird, at the request of the complainant, and by virtue of the pover contained in the trust deed, on the 8th of March, 1879, sold the premises and the title and equity of redemption of the grantors therein, for the sum of $10,000, to the complainant, he being the highest bidder therefor. A deed thereof was executed to him by the trustee. Immediately afterwards he demanded possession of the premises from Marshall and his wife, who were, when the trust deed was executed, in the occupation of the premises as a residence. But they refused to surrender them, and about a year afterwards set up that Susan Marshall, the wife, had never acknowledged the deed of trust, and by reason of this fact her homestead right in the

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
premises had never been released. The bill alleged that this was the first knowledge the complainant ever had of any such claim, and that he always believed the trust deed was properly acknowledged by both Marshall and his wife, and that thereby they had released all their right in the premises under the homestead laws of Illinois.
The bill also alleged that the value of the premises .was greatly in excess of the value of the homestead rights therein, and that the complainant was entitled to the possession of so much thereof as might not be set off to the defendants for t homestead, or, in case the premises were incapable of division, he was-entitled-to the whole of them on payment into court of the sum of one thousand dollars for the use of the defendants, which payment he offered to make. The bill concluded with a prayer for a decree ip accordance with these averments, as stated above, and for such other and further relief as the nature of the case might require.
Soon after the bill was filed, James M. M[arshall died, and his widow filed a separate answer, setting up four defences: frst, that the premises in question were conveyed on the 21st of November, 1860, by James M. Marshall, prior to her marriage with him, and in consideration thereof, to his brother, Thomas E. Marshall; in trust, as an ante-i .I4ial settlement, and therefore she was incapable of executing the trust deed of February 13, 1872; second, that at the time this latter deed was signed she was confined to her bed by sickness, and by reason thereof, an(I the effect of narcotics prescribed by her physician to relieve her pain, she had not sufficient mental capacity to read and understand it; third, that when she signed it, her husband falsely stated to her that it related to other property which was situated in a different part of the city of Chicago; and, fourth, that after the bond secured by that deed became due, The time for payment was extended by the complainant in consideration of a rate of interest greater than that originally stipulated.,
Of these objections, the first is the only one which requires consideration by this court. The other three are not sustained by the evidence in the case. That which bears upon them is

KNIGHT v. 'PAXTON.

555

Opinion of the Court.

vague and conflicting, seldom engendering a doubt, and never producing conviction.
The deed of trust constituting the ante-nuptial settlement was executed by James M. Marshall to his brother, Thomas E. Marshall, in trust for 'the appellant, Susan 0. Larmon, whom he was about-to marry, for her life, and in case of her death, leaving any child or -children of the intended marriage,-for such child or children, and in case she died without child or children, then for Susan 0. M-arshall and Ophelia K. Larmon for life, with remainder to James M. Marshall and'his heirs.
On the 18th of May, 1867, Thomas E. Marshall, the trustee named in the deed of marriage settlement, and the said Susan 0. Marshall and Ophelia K. Larmon, conveyed the premises to the wife,.for the purpose, as stated in the deed, of determining the trust, and vesting in her absolutely all rights, legal or equitable, which they might have under the deed of marriage settlement. James M. Marshall, the husband, witnessed this deed, and at the time there were no children born to her. This deed was properly acknowledged by all the grantors, and recorded soon afterwards in the recorder's office of the county. In it all parties then living, interested in the properfy, or who could by any possibility become interested, united, except James M. Marshall, the husband, who was a witness to its execution. Whether there could afterwards be any restraint upon her alienation of the fee of the property by reason of the subsequent birth of a child or children of the Mnarriage, it is unnebessary to decide. There was none upon the alienation of the life estate when the trust deed in the nature of a mortgage was executed to the complainant in February, 1872. Was she bound by that deed, assuming, as found by the court, that she never acknowledged its execution before the officer whose certificate of acknowledgment it bore ? This question, we think, is answered by the statutes of Illinois. Previous to March 27,1869, an acknowledgment by a married woman before a qualified officer was essential to the valid execution of her conveyance of real property. But on that date an act was passed, the first section of which is as follows: Ill. Sess. Laws of 1869, 359.

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
".Any feme covert being above the age of eighteen years, joining with her husbtnd in the execution of any deed, mortgage, conveyance, poieyr 6f attorney, or other writing of oi relating to the sale, conveyance, or other disposition of lands or real estate as aforesaid, shall be bound and concluded by the same, in respect to her right, title, claim, interest, or dower in such estate, as if she were sole and of full age as aforesaid; and the acknowledgment or proof of such deed, mortgage, conveyance, power of attorney, or other writing may be the same, as if she were sole."
After the passage of this act the execution of a conveyance of real property by a married woman joining with her husband was sufficiently authenticated by her signature. It wiould seem that her, acknowledgment of its execution before an officer authorized to take acknowledgments was only required to render it admissible as evidence without further proof, or to release her homestead right in the property. For its validity as a transfer of the grantor's interest, except as to the homestead rights therein, the acknowledgment was unnecessary.
In HMogan v. Hogan, 89 Illinois, 427, the Supreme Court of Illinois had occasion to speak both of the statute contained in the revision of 18415 and of that of 1869. Of the statute in the revision of 18415 it said:
"tUnder said statute it was only in the precise mode prescribed thereby, by the husband joining in the execution of the deed, and by a certificate showing an acknowledgment in substantial compliance witl the statutory requirements, that the wife could convey her real estate. It was the acknowledgment of the ferme covert which was the operative act to pass the title, and not the delivery of the, deed."
And of the statute of 1869 it said: "This latter statutory enactment worked a marked change in the law. Thereafter the acknowledgment ceased to be the effective means to work' the transfer of title. The certificate of her acknowledgment might thenceforth have been the same as that required in the case of a feme sole; and without any acknowledgment whatever, proof of her execution of a con·veyance might have been made as at common law.' So also,

KNIGHT v. -PAXTON.

557

Opinion of the Court.

from- that time forth, her contract in writing, made jointly with her husband, for the disposition of her lands, became
binding upon her, and might have been enforced in a court of chanceiy, and she compelled to a specific performance of the same. One only distinction between her condition and that of an unmarried woman, in reference to the alienation or disposition of real property, was still retained. The law still required, before she could convey or make any valid contract for the disposition of her lands, her husband should join with her in the deed or other writing," See, also, B "adshaw v. Atki?4, 110 Illinois, 323, 329; Edwards v. Shoeneman, 104 Illinois,
278. It follows that by the trust deed of 1872 in the natureof a
mortgage to. the complainant, in which .her husband u~ited,' her estate in the mortgaged premises passed as completely as if she had been a feme 8ole, subject .to any homestead right therein which they possessed under the laws of Illinois. An, act of the State, passed in 1851, provided for exemption from levy and forced sale, under judicial process or order, for debts contracted after its date, of the lot of ground and buildings thereon, occupied as a residence and bwned by the debtor, being a householder and having a family, to thz value of one thousands-dollars. And the amendatory act of 1857 provided that no r6lease or waiver of such exemption should be valid unless the same should be in writing, subscribed by the holder and his wife if he had' one, "and acknowledged in the same manner as conveyances of real property are requied to be acknowledged;" the act declaring that its object was "to require in all cases the signature and acknowledgment of the wife as conditions to the alienation of the homestead." An act passed in 1871 provided that in the enforcement of a lien upon premises including the homestead, if the homestead right was, not waived or released in the manner required, the court might set off the homestead and decree the sale of the balance of the premises, or, if the value thereof exceeded the. exemption, and they could not be divided, might order the sale of the whole and the payment of the amount of the exemption to the party entitled. 1 Starr & Curtis's Annotated"Statutes of Illinois, c.

OCTOBER -TERM, 1887.

Statement of the Case.

52. The payment by the holder of the lien, seeking its enforce-

ment by sale of the premises, of the amount of the homestead

exemption, would of course obviate the necessity of the sale

in the case mentioned, where the property was incapable of

division, and authorize a decree for the delivery of the entire

property to the party otherwise entitled to it. The master,

to whom it was referred to ascertain whether the premises

could be divided so as to set off to the widow a portion

equivalent to the sum of $1000, having reported that they

could not be divided, the complainant was entitled to the pos-

session of the whole premises upon paying the required amount

into court for her benefit. The decree of the Circuit Court is,

therefore,

Aflrmed.

THE STRATH.,IRLY
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOIR THE DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA.
Argued February 1, 1888.-Decided February 13, 1888.
The fine imposed upon the master of a vessel, by Rev. Stat. § 4253, for a violation of that and the preceding section, is, by § 4270, made a lien upon the vessel itself, which may be recovered by a proceeding in rem; but it is the same penalty which is to be adjudged against the master himself, in the criminal prosecution for misdemeanor, and payment by either is satisfaction of the whole liability.
Section 4264 of the Revised Statutes, as amended by the act of February 27, 1877, 19 Stat. 240, 250, subjects vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam, and navigating from and to, and betiveen the ports therein named, to the provisions, requisitions, penalties and liens included within Rev. Stat. § 4255, as one of the several sections of the chapter relating to the space in vessels appropriated to the use of passengers.
A penalty imposed upon a master of a vessel arriving at a port of the United States, for a violation of the provisions of Ret. Stat. § 4266, is not
- charged as a lien upon the vessel by the operation of Rev. Stat. § 4264, as'amefided by the act of February 27, 1877, 19 Stat. 240, 250.
Ti case, as stated by the court, was as follows:
This was a libel of information in rem, filed in the District 'Co urt of the United States for'the District of California, July

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Statement of the Case.
WALL v. BISSELL.
APPEAL I-OM TIM OIROUlT COURT OF TIM UNITED STATES FOR
THE DISTRICT OF IIqDIAA.
No. 22. Argued April12, 23,1887.-Decided -March19, 1888.
It seems, that under the statutes 6f Indiana an executor named in a will, who has never quilified, or been appointed by the Court of Probate, or taken out letters testamentary, has no power to redeem a mortgage of
real estate, either as an executor, or as trustee under the will. In equity, a mortgage of real estate, made to one of two creditors to secure
the payment of a debt, due to them. jointly, is incident to the debt, and may be released, after the death of the mortgagee, by the surviving creditor; and a release, made in good faith by the survivor, of part of the land from any and all lien by reason of the mortgage, is valid against himself and the representatives of the deceased, although he is in fact executor of the latter, and describes himself as such in the last clause and the signature of the release, and has by law no authority to enter the release as executor, for want of letters testamentary.
Tmis was a bill m equity by George P. Bissell against Abraham G. Barnett, his wife, Byroi H. Barnett and James W. Barnett his minor sons, his sisters Susan B. Shoaff and :Mary Ann Wall and their husbands, Henry J. Rudisill, Oscar A. Simons and John H. Bass, Henry Burgess, Charles A&Z. ollinger, and the representatives of John J. Kamm, to foreclose mortgages of real estate in Indiana. Answers and cross bills were filed by the various parties, setting up their different interests, and a final decree was rendered for the plaintiff, from which Mr. and Nfrs. Wall, Mfr. and :Mrs. Shoaff, and the two minor sons of Abraham G. Barnett, appealed to this court. The case appeared by the pleadings and proofs to be as follows-
In 1869 Abraham G. Barnett, his brother John. H. Barett, and lNewton B. Freeman, were partners m a paper mill, and desired to raise money for the use of the partnership and to pay up Freeman's share of the capital. At the request of the two Barnetts, and of Rudisill (who appears to have been promised an interest in the partnership), Bissell lent to ti

WALL v. BISSELL.
Statement of the Case.
two Barnetts the sum of $8000, the whole of winch was put into the firm and $5000 of which was credited to Freeman. Pursuant to an agreement then made by the three partners and :Rudisill and Bissell, the following instruments were executed:
On Xuly 15, 1869, the two Barnetts executed to Bissell eight bonds for $1000 each, payable in ten years, with interest semiannually, secured by mortgage from John'H. Barnett to Bissell of land in the city of Fort Wayne.
On the same day, Tudisill executed to John R. Barnett a bond, reciting that "said Henry J. Rudisill has received from said Barnett the sum of $5000, part of a loan made by J. H. Barnett and Abraham G. Barnett for the sum of $8000 of George P. Bissell, secured by" the bonds and'mortgage aforesaid, and conditioned to "pay said sum of $5000 of said bonds, with interest the.reon, as it becomes due."
On December 23, 1871, as security for the payment of this bond, Radisill executed to John H?. Barnett a mortgage of land, upon all of which, except a small piece, there existed a prior mortgage, made by Rudisill to his mother to-secure the payment of an annuity to her, and now held by Shons and Bass.
On January 23, 1812, John H. Barnett died, leaving a will containing the following provisions:
First. A devise of part of the land, mortgaged by him to Bissell as aforesaid, to Mrs. Wall, with successive remainders to Byron H. Barnett, to his children, and to Abraham G. Barnett.
Second. A devise of the rest of that land to Mrs. Shoaff, with successive remainders to Xames W. Barnett, to his children, and to Abraham G. Barnett.
Third and Fourth. Devises of other lands to Mrs. Shoaff and to Abraham G. Barnett and his children.
"1Fifth. Now, as to my interest in the paper mill and business carried on at the city of Fort Wayne under the name of Freeman & Barnett, which is regarded as one-third in extent of said business effects, real and personal, &c., &c., stock, assets, machinery, dividends, dues, &c., I devise and bequeath,

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Statement of the Case.
subject to the conditions and-agreements, performed or unper. formed, which were named at the time I became a party in interest in said paper business so carried on by and m Freeman & Barnett's name, and which conditions and agreements are known to my brother, A. G. Barnett, I give and bequeath unto my said brother, A. G. Barnett, and to my nephews, James Barnett Wall and Charles W. Wall, sons of my sister, Mary A. Wall, all my interest m the paper mill and business aforesaid, real and personal, or otherwise, so carried on and owned by said Freeman & Barnett: To have and to hold to each of said devisees or legatees, three in number, so named, one full third of my said interest in said paper business, mill, &c. The sole control of the respective interests of said James B. and Charles W. Wall shall be under the control of my brother,.A. G. Barnett, until said James B. shall reach the age of twenty-five years. The profits atising out of said interest so bequeathed to said Charles and James B. respectively shall be at reasonable periods each year paid'said legatees respectively by said Barnett, or by any other person who may be auth6rized to control said interest in the progress of said business, by law or otherwise. And I hereby give the said A. G. Barnett the right to sell said interests of said Charles and James B., if he shall deem such sale expedient for .the best interests of said Charles and James, he, the said A- G. Barnett, first giving said Charles and James security for faithfully accounting to them for the proceeds of said sale; or if he shall desire to buy said interests, or either of them, before either shall be of age, then some third party shall qualify as guardian, and proceed to sell the same to said A. G. Barnett under order and authority of law.
"Sixth. I name my brother, A. G. Barnett, my executor, to act himself, or jointly with one he may choose; if acting alone, then he shall and may do so without bond as such executor, but if acting with another, both shall give bond and take out letters testamentary and proceed according to law; but if he
shall act alone, then, as executor, he shall have authority under this will to proceed as if he had letters testamentary to execute the trusts devolved on- him as executor, as also those

WALL v. BISSELL.
Statement of the Case.
which may incidentally ansQ in the execution, of this trust as executor, but not any others arising out of a different relation, such- as trustee or guardian of some of the parties named herem or of some of the trust funds named hereinbefore. He shall have power to proceed to collect all debts, judgments, or choses in action, due me at my death, all rents due me at my death, of any and all my real estate, except the homestead, and to have control of and dispose of all my personal property, moneys and effects, reducing them to availability, and to, collect all rents on the lots devised respectively, located in the city of Fort Wayne, until such rents and the reasonable use of the whole homestead place, including that .devised to Mfrs. Susan Shoaff and to himself, until such funds so arising from rents, us6 of homestead, moneys, personal property, &c., shall be enough to pay my debts, funeral expenses, debts of last illness, and to purchase a lot in Lindenwood cemetery, properly and fairly improve it, pay for exhuming the remains of my father and mother, their interment, and the erection of a monument suitable to their condition in life in said lot, and this shall be done speedily as the nature of the business shall allow, after which the devisees respectively herein lastly named, and incidentally referred to, shall control said property as the same is intended in the respective clauses wherein said property is devised."
On February 7,1872, the will was duly admitted to probate, on the testimony of the subscribing witnesses, in a court of the State of Indiana.
Abraham G. Barnett never qualified or gave bond as executor, as required by the statutes of Indiana, and the court of probate never made any order appointing him executor, or directing letters testamentary to issue, and no such letters were ever issued. But he assumed to act as executor, and as such took control of the real and personal property, collected the rents of the real estate for some months, (after which he turned it over to the devisees,) paid the testator's debts and funeral expenses, purchased a burial lot, removed the remains of the testator's father and mother to it, and erected a monument upon it. The other devisees knew of all these acts, and
TOL. CXV--25

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Statement of the Case.
made no objection, sdpposing him to be authorized by the will to do them.
On January 23,1875, Rudisill sold and conveyed by warranty deed to Burgess, Zollinger and Kamin part of the land included in the mortgage from him to John HE.Barnett, and in the annuity mortgage to his mother; she released from her mortgage this part of the-land; and Abraham G. Barnett executed, on the margin of the record from Budisi to John H. Barnett, a release of the same part, in the following words:
"I hereby release from any and all lien by reason of this mortgage the following of the premises herein described: All that part of S. E. - of sec. 35, t'p 31, R. 12 East, this day conveyed by Henry J. Rudisill to H. Burgess, Charles A. Zollinger, and J. J. Kamm. Witness my hand and seal as such executor, January 23, 18M.
"ABPAHI G. BAFuirr, [srAL.] "Executor of the Estate of John H. Barnett, deceased."
On the same day, and as part of the same transaction, Rudisill executed to "Abraham G. Barnett, as executor of the estate of John H. Barnett, deceased," a mortgage of other lands, partly included also in the annuity mortgage. All the parties to this transaction acted in good faith. But the transaction was not shown to have been known to the devisees until about the time of the beginning of this suit, or to have ever been assented to by them.
The bill prayed for a foreclosure of the mortgages from John H. Barnett to the plaintiff, and from Budisill to John H. Barnett, or, if the court should hold the release of the latter good, then for a foreclosure of the mortgage from Rudisill to Abraham G. Barnett.
The Circuit Court djecreed that the release was valid, and that.the title in the land so released be quieted in the present holders as against all other parties to this suit, and that the various parcels of land be sold and applied to the payment of the debts secured by the several mortgages in an order not objected to by the appellants, supposing the release to be valid, which they denied.

WALL w. BISSELL.
Opinion-of the Court.
XP. .X. 2inde for appellants.
Mr. 1?. S. Tayr for appellees Simons, Bass, Hoffmeister, McCurdy, and Hattersley
.fA. B1.Aem. for appellees Burgess and Kammns.
Y_. Jusri. GRA&, after stating the case as above reported, delivered the opinion of the cour.
The principal question in this case is the validity of the release, executed by Abraham G. Barnett, of the mortgage from Henry J. Rudisill to John H. Barnett. By the law of Indiana, a mortgage creates only a lien to secure the mortgage debt, leaving the legal title of the land m the mortgagor. Fetc7wr v. Rolme, 32 Indiana, 497.
It was argued for the appellees that this release was valid, considering Abraham- G. Barnett in any one of three capaci-ties: 1st. As executor of the will of John H. Barnett. 2d. As trustee under that will. 3d. As surviving joint owner, in equity, of the bond and mortgage executed by Budisill to John H. Barnettto secure the payment of a debt due to Join H. Barnett and Abraham G. Barnett jointly.
1. The title of an executor in the personal property of his testator, being derived from the will, doubtless vests in him from the moment of the testator's death. Dixon v. Rarmay, 3 Cranch, 319, 323; -il v. Tuckwr, 13 How. 458, 466. At common law, he might, before proving the will in the Probate Court, not only take possession of the property, but sell or dispose of it, pay debts of the estate, receive or release debts owing to it, bring actions for property which was in the testator's aetual possession, and do almost any other acts incident to his office, except that he could not maintain any other actions without producing a copy of the probate and letters testamentary at the trial. 1 Williams on Executors (7th ed.) 293, 302, 303, 629.
But the statn.tes of Indiana provide that whenever any will shall have been admitted to probate, letters testamentary shall be issued to the persons named therein as executors (being

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
competent by law to serve as such) who shall qualify; and further provide as follows
"Sue. 8. Every person named in the will as executor, who shall qualify and give bond, shall be named in such letters, and every person not thus named shall be deemed superseded.
"1SEc. 4. Any person who is appointed executor, who shall renounce his trust m writing filed with the clerk, or who shall fail to qualify and give bond within twenty days after probate of such will, shall be deemed to have renounced'such appointment, and such letters shall issue to any other person named m the will, capable and willing to accept such trust.
"SEC. 5. No executor named in the will shall interfere with the estate intrusted to him,.further-than to preserve the same, until the issuing of letters; but for that purpose he -may prosecute any suit to -preventthe loss of any paxt thereof."
"SEC. 19. Every person appointed executor, administrator with the will annexed, or administrator, before receiving letters, shall execute a separate bond," with sureties, "in a penalty payable to the State of Indiana, of not less than double the value of the personal estate to be adminuistered, conditioned that he will faithfully discharge his duties as such executor or administrato., and shall take and subscribe an oath or affirmation that he will faithfully discharge the duties of his trust according to law;" and the bond, as well as the oath or affirmation, is required to be recorded. 2 Gavin & Heords Stat.
484, 489, 490, 491, Indiana Rev. Stat. 1881, § 2222-2225,
2242, 2243. These statutes clearly manifest the intent of the legislature
that, although the personal property shall vest from the death of the testator in.the executor named in his will, yet, m order to secure the interests of creditors and of legatees, every executor shall give bond and take out letters testamentary before he can do any act as executor, except such as may be necessary to preserve the property and prevent the loss of any part of it. The prohibition is absolute that, except for that purpose, "no executor shall interfere with the estate"' until the issuing of letters testamentary.
The direction in the will of John H. Barnett that Abraham

WALL v. BISSELL.
Opinion of the Court.
G. Barnett may act as executor, without giving bond or taking out letters testamentary, as the statutes require, is of no legal effect.
The current of decision in other states, so far as we are informed, is to the effect that under similar statutes (some of them less peremptory in their terms) any acts done by an executor by way of disposing of the property are invalid, unless lie takes out letters testamentary, or is appointed executor by an order of the court of probate, equivalent to the issue of such letters. Monroe v. ,Tame, I.funford, 194; Xartin v. Peck, 2 Yerger, 298; 07eveland v. Cundkr, 3 Stew. (Ala.) 489; Carpenter v. Going, 20 Alabama, 581; -parte Aaxwel, 37 Alabama, 362, 864:;. Rittredge v. _Fo/som, 8 N. H. 98, 111; Rand v. Hubard,4 MNet. 252, 257; Gay v. Minot, 3 Cush. 352; Carter v. Carter,10 B. Monroe, 327; Staggv. Green, 417 Missouri, 500; Hartnettv. Tf'and, 60 N. Y7. 346, 350; XcDeanron v. .A'axfr , 38 Arkansas, 631.
We have been referred to no decision of the Supreme Court of Indiana. that directly bears upon this case. The only one that approaches it is 1-ays v. Wc7eery 41 Indiana, 583. In that case, an heir, named in the will as executor, had, without qualifying as such, or taking out letters testamentary, but with
the consent of all the other heirs, devisees and legatees, acted as executor, and made distribution of the property. A subsequent order of the probate court, made without notice to him, upon the application of one of those heirs, appointing another person administrator with the will annexed, was reversed on appeal, and letters testamentary directed to be issued to the executor upon his qualifying and givmg bond according to law. The ol inion proceeded upon the ground that the delay in taking out letters testamentary had been waived .by the mutual arrangement of all parties interested; and it contained no intimation that. the acts of an executor, who never took out letters testamentary, .could affect the rights of any person interested.in the estate who had not assented to them.
In the present case, whatever effect the facts that the other devisees knew that the executor was acting as such, and made
no objection, might have against those of full age, the minor devisees could not ba thereby estopped to assert their rights.

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
ILetters testamentary issued to an executor, upoti his qualifying according to lkw, may relate back and legalize his previous tortious acts. 1 Williams on Executors, 269; APiemt v. W'atkin,, 2 Hill (i. Y.) 225. Or an order of the court of probate, appointing an executor, may not be subject to be impeached collaterally by showing that he did not in fact qualify; and may of itself be sufficient evidence of his authority, without the production of letters testamentary. VTogeP8 Succe8son, 20 La. Ann. 81; Piattv. .AfoCuloug'7&, 1 McLean, 69, 4.
But where, as in this case, the executor has never qualified, nor been appointed by the courtj and no letters testamentary have been issiled, we have found no decision, under statutes like those of Indiana, that any disposition of -the property by the executor is valid as against persons interested who are not estopped by having consented to it.
In the absence of any decision upon the point by the Supreme Court of Indiana, we are therefore not prepared to hold that the release in question 'has any validity as an act done by Abraham .G.Barnett as executor.
2. The difficulties are quite as great in the way of holding the release valid, considered as executed by Abraham G. Barnett in the capacity of trustee under the willidistinct from his office as executr.
In the first place, the will, after naming Abraham G. Barnett executor, -and directing that he may act as such without. giving bond or taking out letters testamentary, provid that "as executor he shall have authority under this will to proceed, as if he -had letters testamentary, to execute the trusts devolved on him as executor, as also those which may incidentally arise in the execution of this trust as executor." -By this iteration -of the words- "as executor,)' the testator clearly shows that he did not intend that in performing the usual duties of an executor he should act in any other capacity.
In the next place, it was not within the power of the testator to defeat the provisions and the policy of the testamentary law of the State, by bequeathing personal property to a trustee, without the intervention of an executor. As was

WALL v. BISSELL.
Opmon of the Court.
said by Chief Justice Shaw, delivering the opinion of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts, "It is an established rule of law, that all the personal property of the testator vests in the executors for some purposes, before probate of the will; but to all intents and purposes, upon its probate. This they take not merveolsy as donees, by force of the gift, as inter but by., operation of the rules of law controlling, regulating and giving effect to wills. A trustee, therefore, who is but a legatee,-can take only through the executors. If a testator were to appoint no executor, or direct that the estate should go immediately into the hands of legatees or of o'ne or more trustees for particular purposes, such direction would be nugatory and void." 2Vewcom v. WiZTirns, 9 Met. 525, 533. So, in the earlier case of Huntr v. Bryson, the Court of Appeals of M:aryland said: "But suppose Bryson not to be created executor by the clause in the will which has been referred to, and that the testator's design was that the persons dppointed should act literally as trustees, without taling out any letters testamentary .or of administration. The appointment is a nullity, as far as the personal estate is concerned, being an attempt to evade the provisions of our testamentary system, in a way which the law does not tolerate." 5 Gill & Johns. 483,)88.
3. We are then brought to a consideration of the question whether the release can be upheld, because of the authority -vested in Abraham G. Barnett as surviving creditor, -under the settled rule that one of two joint creditors or mortgagees, or the survivor of them, 'may release the joint debt. Penn v. .RutZer, 4 Dali. 351; Peop e v. ieyser, 28 N. Y. 926. The case, so far as affects this question, stands thus:
John H. Barnett and Abraham G. Barnett borrowed $8000 of Bissell, and lent $5000 of it to Freeman, and thereby became, at law as well as in equity, joint debtors to Bissell in the sum of $8000, and joint' creditors of Freeman in the sum of $5000. Rudisill executed to John H. Barnett a bond, secured by mortgage, conditioned to pay to him the sum of $5000, describing it in the bond as part of the sum of $8000 borrowed by the two Barnetts of Bissell, thus clearly identi-

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.

Opinion of the Court.

fyimg the debt, which Rudisill's bond and mortgage were

intended to secure, as the $5000 which the two Barnetts had

lent -to Freeman, and which Freeman owed to them jointly.

Rudisil's bond and mortgage, therefore, although they ran

to John H. Barnett alone, and could have been enforced at

law in his name only, yet in equity, having been made with

the sole object of securing the payment of the debt which

Freeman owed to both Barnetts jointly, belonged to them as

joint creditors. Batswile Ittut

v..zufmau, 18 Wall 151.

Upon the death of John H. Barnett, the debt of .Freeman

was due to Abraham G. Barnett personally as surviving

creditor, with authority as such to sue for and recover it,

although he would of course be bound to account to John H.

Barnett's representatives for half of anything that he might

recover; and Xudisill's bond and mortgage continued to stand

as security for that debt, and, while the legal title in this

bond and mortgage vested in Abraham G. Barnett as executor,

yet the equitable interest in them belonged half to him as

executor and half to him personally. If he had received from

the mortgagor payment of the sum secured by the mortgage,

whether as executor or as surviving creditor; in either case

he would hold half of that sum to his own use and half as

executor. So a valid release of the whole or part of the land

mortgaged, made by hin, whether as executor or as an indi-

vidual, would bar hn both in Is official and in his private

capacity; and any substituted security, received by him as a

consideration for the release, would, ultimately enure to the

benefit of the same persons, that is to say, one half tb his own

benefit, and the other half to the benefit of those entitled

under the will. In short, neither the parties to whom, nor

the amount in which, he would be liable to account for any-

thing received upon a payment or release would be affected

by the capacity in which he assumed to act. If. he had never

been named as executor, a release of the debt by him, being

surviving creditor, would have been valid at law, and his

release of the mortgage, which was security for that debt,

would have been good in equity There is no reason, there-

fore, which can influence a court of equity, why he might not

WALL v. BISSELL.
Opimnon of the Court.
as surviving creditor release part of the mortgaged land from
the mortgage. The two characters of executor and of surviving creditor
being united in.the person of Abraham G. Barnett, the court, if he had executed the release in his own name merely, without describing himself as acting in either capacity, would presume that he acted in the character which would make the release valid and effectual. Yeaton v. Zynn, 5 Pet. 224, 229.
The form in winch the release was drawn up and executed does not affect the equities of the case.
It begins with the absolute and comprehensive words, "I hereby release from any and all lien by reason of this mort. gage." Then follow a description of the land released, by range, township, section and quarter section, and as that day conveyed by udisill to Burgess, Zollinger and Kamm; and the final clause, "Witness my. hand and seal as such executor, January 23, 1875." No executor had been previously named in the release, or in the mortgage, on the margin of the record of which. the release was made. The release is signed "Abraham G. Barnett, executor of the estate of Sohn H. Barnett, deceased."
When a person having title in property in different capacities, executes a deed in one capacity only, and holds the consideration received for the benefit of those entitled to it, a court of equity, at least, will be slow to hold the deed invalid for want of a more complete and formal execution.
In Caomser v. Cartwright, L. R. 7 H. L. 731, a man who was one of two executors of his father, and also the residuary devisee of his lands, charged with the payment of his debts, / made a mortgage of the lands, reciting that he was entitled to them in fee, and not describing himself as executor. Lord Romilly, X. R., held that this mortgage was not an exercise of the power vested in the executors for paying the testator's debts, but was only a mortgage of the beneficial interest of the devisee, and therefore ineffectual against the testator's general creditors. But his decree was reversed by the Lords Justices in Chancery, and their decree was affirmed by the

OCTOBER TERMI, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
House of Lords upon the motion of Lord Chancellor Cairns, who said: "What I find is this, that the estates with which your lordships have to deal are clearly devised to, and .the legal estate vested in, the residuary devisee, who was also one of the.executors. I find him selling or mortgaging, and I find him, beyond all doubt, able to-sell and able to give to a mortgagee a good title to the legal estate. I find that that legal estate is in his hands, and therefore any money that is
.produced by the sale or mortgage of that legal estate, is subject to and'chargeable with the paymQnt of debts and legacies; and that therefore the money coming into his hands must be money which ought to be applied to the payment of debts and legacies. But then Ifind that he himself is an executor of the testator; that he himself is the person who ought to hold assets impressed with the liability to satisfy debts and lFgacies. I find, therefore, that assets which ought to be applied to the payment of debts have come into the hands of an executor, and that -hehas given a receipt for them. Therefore, on the one hand, the mortgagees have got the legal estate; and on the other hand, they tave got a receipt from the proper person for money which ought to be applied to the payment of debts and legacies. That being so, it appears to me that their title- is entire and complete." L. R. 7 H. L. .740.
In West of EnffaZw Bank v. tuarch, 23 Oh. D. 138, that decision was followed, and applied to this state of facts" One of two brotherd, partners in business, died, leaving a will, by which he directed his debts to be paid, and devised his real eatate in trust with power of sale, and appointed his widow executrix and trustee. The widow and the surviving brother sold and conveyed real estate of which the two brothers had been tenants in common, and which was in fact partnership property, by deeds reciting that the brother in his own right, and the widow as trustee under the will, were seised of it in fee as tenants in common, but not stating that she was .executrix, or that the property was partnership property. This conveyance was held to be valid, Lord Justice Fry saying"It is plain that. as executrix she could sell the whole of the

WALL v. BISSELL.
Opinion of the Court.
partnership property" "Then it i.said that if she had power so to do, yet, by omitting to .state in the deeds by which she conveyed the freehold property that she was acting as executrix, she precluded herself from asserting that she was acting in that character. In my judgment, she did not. Itaniust be borne in mind that, as executrix, hers cJdarly was the hand to receive the purchase moneys, and therefore those moneys came to the right hand, the hand of the person whose duty it was duly to apply the assets in satisfaction of the creditors of the dedeased as well as of the beneficiaries under his will. ,Moreover, whether she was acting as trustee or as executiix, she was under an obligation to do the best she could for the estate. Her fiduciary character was substantially the same, whether she was acting as executrix or as trustee. I think, therefore, that I should be straining at-a gnat, if I were to hold that the mere fact, that she spoke of herself in the instruments as trustee and not as executrix, was enough to prevent the validity of a. transaction which, in her character of executrix, I hold that she had the power of carrying into effect." "The legal estate passed from her, bec6use she held it as trustee, and the money reached the hands of the person who was bound to distribute it among the persons entitled to it. I therefore overrule this objection." 23 Ch.D. 151-153.
In the present case, the legal title, indeed, in the bond and moitgage of Budisill was in Abraham G. Barnett as executor, and could not, at law, be released by him in any other capac.ity. But the legal title in the debt, for which the bond and mortgage stood as security, and to which in equity they were incident, was in him as surviving creditor. In equity, therefore, he had the right, as surviving creditor, to release the mortgage, in whole or in part; and any consideration for such a release, whether received by him as executor or as surviving creditor, would enure to the benefit of himself, and of the estate of his testator, in equal moieties.
If he had received payment of the debt,, and given a receipt for it as executor, he would have held the money, half as executor, and half to his own use, just as hd would have held it if he had receipted for it in his own name only; and it cannot

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
be doubted that the addition "as executor" In the receipt would not have prevented the payment from extinguishing the debt, and consequently the mortgage by which it was secured.
The release which Abraham (G.Barnett did execute was of part of the land mortgaged, and in consideration of receiving a mortgage of other land, the parties to the release and to the new mortgage acting in good faith, and with no intent to defraud devisees or other persons interested. The body of the release contains apt words of release by him (without stating in what capacity) of the land described "from any and all lien by reason of this mortgage;" and he is described as executor in the tetimonium clause and the signature only. Although he is described as executor in the new mortgage also, a court of equity certainly could not hold that, mortgage to convey any interest to him, as executor or otherwise, if the release for whidh it was the consideration was void.
Abraham G. Barnett was the person authorized to make the release, and the consideration for the release came into his hands, for the benefit of the persons entitled to it. The interests of no one were affected by the question in which of his two charaeters he executed the release, and received the new mortgage. Whether he acted as executor or as surviving creditor, the fruits of the transaction belonged, in equ'ty, one half to himself and one half to the estate of John H. Barnett.
If the whole debt had belonged to him alone, the description of hunsef -as executor in the release could not have prevented its operating upon his interest m the debt, and in the mortgage by which that debt was secured. As the survivor of two jomnt creditors, he had the same power (independently of any authority as executor) to release the debt and the mortgage, as if he had been the sole creditor. The release, therefore, notwithstanding the superfluous description of the releasor as executor, was, by reason of his being surviving creditor, binding upon the interests of the representatives of the deceased creditor, as well as upon his own; and upon this. ground the
Decree is am d.

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Syllabus.
sums and interest to that date added for the purposes of the sale and distribution, and the decree of January 5, 1884, directing the calculation of interest for purposes of distribution upon the aggregate amount of the principal and interest as of October 15, 1875, was only a proper explanation of the decree of April 28, 187G, confirming the master's report. The date of the confirmation of that report was a suitable period in the progress of the cause, where the creditors were so numerous and the calculations so complicated, for the court to fix, for the information and guidance of all concerned, the amount severally due to each creditor with the order of priority in which he was entitled to be paid. The amounts to be found due necessarily embraced the principal sum with the accrued interest up to a fixed date, and from that period the aggregate became the sum of the debt, the whole of which thenceforth properly carried interest. INo exception was taken to the report; it was confirmed by the court; and, in our opinion, it cannot reasonably bear any other construction than that which the court subsequently -placed upon it.
Upon the whole case, no injustice has been done the appellant; and the decree of the District Court of West Virginia is
Ajflbned.

EASTON v. GERMAN-AM1ERICAN BAN{K.

APPERA

FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF T UNITED STATES FOR
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.

No. 291. Argued May 4,1888. -Decided May 14, 1888.

A creditor whose debt is secured by a deed of trust of real estate to a third party as trustee, may purchase the property at a sale by the trustee under the terms of the trust; and if he credits the debtor on the mortgage debt with the amount of the purchase money, it is in fact and in law a money payment to the use and benefit of the debtor.
The plaintiff in error acquired by the purchase from the assignee in bankruptcy no interest either in the debt of the bankrupt to the defendant in error, or in the real estate conveyed in trust to secure it.

EASTON v. GERMDAN-AMERICAN BANK.

533

Statement of the Case.

THE court stated the case as follows:

On April 14, 1875, the firm of Bowen Brothers, of Chicago, borrowed of the German-American Bank of New York the sum of $27,500, for which they gave their promissory notes, payable, respectively, in two, three, and four months from date. As collateral security for the payment of the loan they deposited with the bank forty bonds executed by themselves, payable to bearer five years from date, with interest semiannually, of the denomination of $1000 each, dated April 1, 1873, the payment of which was secured by a deed of trust made by the individual members of the firm to George W. Smith, conveying to him certain real estate therein described, situated in Cook County, Illinois. By the terms of the written agreement, under which the collateral security was deposited, the bank was authorized, on non-payment of the notes at maturity, to sell the bonds either at the board of brokers, at public auction, or at private sale, and without notice, and to apply the proceeds of the sale to the payment thereof. These collateral bonds thus deposited were part of a series of one hundred of like tenor and amount, all secured by the deed of trust to Smith. That deed of trust provided that, in case of default in the payment of the bonds or interest, it should be lawful for the trustee, on the application of the holder of any of the bonds, to sell the real estate or any part thereof, and all the right and equity of redemption of the grantors therein, at public vendue, to the highest bidder, for cash, and, upon making such sale, to execute and deliver a deed of conveyance in fee of the premises sold. In January, 1877, the trustee in the trust deed, upon the application of the State Savings Institution of Chicago, the holder of thirty-two of the bonds upon which there had been a default for non-payment of interest, sold the real estate in strict conformity with the terms of the power in the trust deed, after due notice, at public auction, to Wirt Dexter, for the sum of $50,000, and conveyed the premises to the purchaser in pursuance of the same. Dexter, in making the bid and purchase of the premises at public auction, acted as agent for the holders of all the bonds,

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Statement of the Case.
including the German-American Bank,. he having been anthorized by them to bid for and purchase the property for them jointly. Thereafter he conveyed hn undivided forty one-hundredths of the property purchased by him, and in a partition suit that interest in the real estate was set off, to the GermanAmerican Bank in severalty. Dexter paid no money in bidding in the property except the actual costs of the sale, but the trustee credited upon the bonds held by the German.American Bank forty one-hundredths of the amount of the bid, being $472 upon each bond; and the whole sum, amounting to $18,880, was indorsed as a payment on the three notes. The German-American Bank continued to hold title to the real estate conveyed to it by Dexter until February 8, 1881, when, in consideration of $56,000, the bank conveyed the same in fee to John C. Dore, and thereafter, in February, 1882, also delivered to Dore the forty bonds then in its possession with the credits indorsed thereon. These bonds were delivered to Dore in accordance with an agreement dated February 19, 1881, which recited that Dore "desires to obtain possession and ownership of said forty bonds in connection with the purchase of said property from said bank."
In the meantime, the members of the firm of Bowen Brothers, on November 10, 1877, were adjudged bankrupts on a petition filed on June 2 of that year; and during 1878 they severally received their final discharges in bankruptcy. On April 21, 1880, IRobert E. Jenkins, assignee in bankruptcy of the Bowen Brothers, by an order of the court, sold all his right, title, interest, and claim as assignee, and all right, title, interest, and claim of the bankrupts in and to the land described in the trust deed, to Carl F. Hermann for the sum of $840, and afterwards conveyed the same to him by deed dated and acknowledged May 13, 1880. The assignee also on April 21, 1880, sold to the appellant, Charles L. Easton, for the sum of $5, the claim against the German-American Bank of New York "for interest in all collaterals pledged with said bank by said bankrupts or either of them;" and by a deed dated May 15, 1880, assigned the same by the same description to him.

EASTON v. GERMAN-AMERICAN BANK.
Statement of the Case.
It was not denied that John C. Dore purchased the land from the German-American Bank with knowledge of the previous conveyances by the assignee in bankruptcy, to Hermann and to Charles L. Easton.
On February 24, 1881, James H. Easton, a brother of the appellant, having succeeded to the title of Hermann to the land in question, filed a bill in equity in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois, against the German-American Bank, to which, by an amended and supplemental bill, John C. Dore was also made a defendant, in which were set forth substantially the facts stated in the present bill of complaint, and praying for an account against the German-American Bank, and that the complainant might be permitted to redeem the land on payment of what might be found due on the original loan to Bowen Brothers. It is admitted that this suit was brought in the name of James H. Easton, for the benefit of Josiah H. Helmer, the latter having previously acquired the title of Hermann and conveyed it to James H. Easton in order to enable the suit to be brought in the Circuit Court of the United States. Helmer himself had previously brought an action of ejectment to recover possession of the land. The ejectment suit was abandoned when the bill in equity was filed; and pending the bill, in September, 1883, before the commencement of the present suit, a settlement Was made between Helmer and Dore, whereby, in consideration of a certain sum paid by Dore, both Helmer and James H. Easton, the latter at Helmer's request, by separate deeds released all their right, title, and interest in and to the lands in question to one Berger for the benefit of Dore.
On January 27, 1884, the present bill in equity was filed, wherein Charles L. Easton, claiming title by virtue of the deed of assignment made to him by Jenkins as assignee in bankruptcy of the Bowen Brothers, seeks to hold the GermanAmerican Bank accountable to him for the sum of $56,000, as the proceeds of the collaterals held by it realized from the sale of the real estate conveyed to the bank by Dexter, and a decree for any sum found due to it by reason thereof after payment from the said proceeds of the original indebtedness of Bowen Brothers to the bank.

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
The case was heard in the Circuit Court upon the pleadings and proofs disclosing the state of facts already recited, when a decree was rendered dismissing the bill for want of equity. From this decree the present appeal has been taken.
r. "arles P. Crosby and -Mr. Charles 1. Easton, in per-
son, for appellant.
.M. EdwardSalomon for appellee.
MR. JusTICE MATTHEws, after stating the case as above reported, delivered the opinion of the court.
'The right of the complainant to the relief prayed for is based upon the contention that the German-American Bank originally held the bonds secured by the deed of trust as a pledge given by way of security for the repayment of the loan to Bowen Brothers; that it has never sold that pledge, in pursuance of the terms of the agreement between the parties, and as required by law; that the land itself, the title to which was conveyed by Bowen Brothers to Smith in trust, was a mere incident to the pledge and a part of it; that notwithstanding the form of a sale under the trust deed by the trustee to Dexter, there was no sale in fact, and in law the conveyance by Dexter to the bank operated only to convey the title to the bank in the same capacity in which it held the bonds as collateral, that is, as trustee for the debtors; that the subsequent sale by the bank to Dore was the first effective conveyance of an absolute title, but was made by the bank in its capacity as trustee for the Bowens; and that as such the complainant, having succeeded to the Bowens' rights, is entitled to require the bank to account for its proceeds.
Where personal property is pledged, the pledgee acquires the legal title and the possession. In some cases, it is true, it may remain in the apparent possession of the pledgor, but, if so, it can be only where the pledgor holds as agent of the* pledgee. By virtue of the pledge, the pledgee has the right by law, on the default of the pledgor, to sell the property pledged in satisfaction of the pledgor's obligation. As in that

EASTON v. GERMAN-A.MERICAN BANK.
Opinion of the Court.
transaction the pledgee is the vendor, he cannot also be the vendee. In reference to the pledge and to the pledgor, he occupies a fiduciary relation, by virtue of which it becomes his duty to exercise his right of sale for the benefit of the pledgor. Ie is in the position of a trustee to sell, and is by a familiar maxim of equity forbidden to purchase for his own use at his own sale.
The same principle applies with a like result where real estate is conveyed by a debtor directly to a creditor as security for the payment of an obligation, with a power to sell in case of default. There the creditor is also a trustee to sell, and cannot purchase the property at his own sale for his own use.
In the present case, the bonds of the Bowen Brothers, secured by the deed of trust, were pledged to the GermanAmerican Bank as security for the repayment of the loan made to the Bowen Brothers, but those bonds have not in fact been sold, unless the transfer of them by the bank to Dore be considered a sale. It was not such, however, in point of fact or of law; nothing was paid for them, and they were delivered to Dore merely as muniments of title in connection with his purchase of the real estate. At that time they were of no value, for they were merely the personal obligations of the Bowen Brothers, from which they had been released by the discharge in bankruptcy. No suit could have been maintained upon them as against the only obligors by whose discharge in bankruptcy they had lost their character as well as their value as property.
The equity of the complainant, therefore, if he have any, must be considered as transferred from the bonds themselves, viewed as instruments and obligations, to the money which had been received on account of them by virtue of the sale of the real estate by the bank to Dore. Whether the complainant can now assert any equitable interest in that money depends in the first place on the nature of the title which the bank acquired by the conveyance to it from Dexter; and whether the principles of a pledge, and of a trust arising thereon, apply to the real estate conveyed by the Bowens to Smith as a trustee to secure the payment of the bonds.

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
It is very plain, we think, that these principles do not apply. The laud in question was conveyed by the debtor, not directly to the creditor, but to a stranger. That stranger, by virtue of the conveyance, held the legal title in trust for the purpose of sale according to the power contained in it. That power he' executed in strict accordance with its terms. A default has been made by the debtor, and at the request of a part of the creditors he was required to sell the property at public auction to the highest bidder, without limit or condition, in order that the proceeds of the sale might be applied to the payment of the debt, to secure which the land had been conveyed in trust. The sale was made under the direction and control of the trustee, but, as the creditors who held the obligations of the debtors were not themselves trustees, there was nothing, either at law or in equity, to prevent their being bidders and becoming buyers at the trustee's sale. In reference to that sale they occupied no position towards the debtor of trust or confidence. They were charged in respect to it with no duty whatever. They had an interest in it that the property should produce enough to satisfy the debts which it had been given -to secure. Beyond that they had neither interest nor duty, and in their own interest the creditors had a right to bid so as to prevent the property from being sacrificed at the sale below its value in order that it might be made to produce the largest amount towards payment of the debt.
The relation of a creditor secured by such a deed of trust to a sale made under a power given to a stranger as trustee does not differ from that of a mortgagee of real estate sold under judicial proceedings for foreclosure by a decree of a court of equity. At such a sale nothing is more common than for the mortgagee to become the purchaser; and it is as beneficial to the debtor as to himself that he should be permitted to enhance the competition at such a sale in order to protect his own interests. In that respect, his own interest coincides with that of his debtor, as it is for their mutual benefit that the property should not be sacrificed so as to leave any part of the debt unpaid.
It is argued, however, that in the present instance the sale

EASTON v GERMAN-AMERICAN BANK.
Opinion of the Court.
to Dexter was a sale only in form, and not in fact, because no money passed. This, however, is an error, because the whole amount bid by Dexter at the sale, which was the consideration for the conveyance to him by the trustee, was at once credited by the principal creditors, for whom he was acting as agent, as a credit of cash upon the overdue obligations of the debtor. In fact and in law it was a payment of money to the use and benefit of the debtors in pursuance of their authority.
In addition to this, there is another ground which equally supports the decree below. As already recited, the assignee in bankruptcy, in pursuance of an order of the court, sold and conveyed to Hermann all the interest which he as assignee and the Bowens as bankrupts had in and to the real estate in question; and by subsequent conveyances whatever title, if any, thereby passed has become vested in Dore for his use. All that was conveyed by the assignee to Charles L. Easton, the complainant in this suit, was the interest of the assignee and of the bankrupts "in all collaterals' pledged with said bank by said bankrupts or either of them." If this can be considered as the conveyance of any interest in the real estate, it was ineffectual and void, because that interest had been previously conveyed by the same grantor to Hermann. If it is limited to the bonds of the Bowen Brothers secured by the deed of trust, it is equally ineffective, because there was nothing to convey. These bonds were the mere personal obligations of the bankrupts themselves, in which neither they nor their assignee had any right of property, and which had. become extinguished as obligations in the hands of any one by the bankrupts' certificate of discharge.
For these reasons the decree of the Circuit Court is
Affirmed.

ALLEN v. GILLETTE.
Syllabus.
cause of action in each instance is the breach of contract, and the mere fact that in one instance the damages are laid at $75,000, while in the other at $100,000, does not change its identity.
The suggestion that the claim was not rejected by the board of audit within the meaning of § 8 of the act of June 16, 1880, sup:va, but was only disallowed, may be dismissed with the remark that the two words when used with reference to the disposition of claims are synonymous.
We think, therefore, that there was no jurisdiction in the Court of Claims to entertain this branch of the case.
We also concur with the court in holding that the judgment of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, in a suit brought on the 6th of January, 1875, by William W. Ballard, Edward L. Marsh, and the claimant, Talmadge E. Brown, against the District of Columbia, to recover damages alleged to have been sustained by them under the said proposition and said Johnson's letter sued on in this case, is a bar to the first count of the petition. Gould v. Evansville &o. Railroad Co., 91 U. S. 526.
In no view that has been presented or that seems capable of presentation, can the alleged contract be considered binding upon the District of Columbia.
f/w judgment of the Cowrt of Claims is cffirmed.
ALLENT v. GILLETTE.
APPEAL FROM THE oIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOr THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS.
No. 277. Argued and Submitted May 3,1888.-Decided May .14,1888.
The principle that a trustee may purchase the trust property at a judicial sale, brought about by a third party, which he had no part in procuring, and over which he could not have had control, is upheld by numerous decisions of this court, and of other courts of this country, and prevails in Texas.

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
IN EQUITY. Decree dismissing the bill. Complainant appealed., The case is stated in the bill.
Mr. J. .Brnady for appellant. _A&. -H. F. Ring was with him on the brief.
.31. . VWauZ for appellee submitted on his brief.
Mr. JUSTIE LAmAR delivered the opinion of the court.
This is a suit in equity in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Texas. The bill sets forth that complainant, Fannie B. Allen, a citizen of Kentucky, is the granddaughter of James Morgan, who died in 1866 seized and possessed of an estate of 70,000 acres of land, and a homestead in Galveston, with some personal property. The land was unproductive and scattered throughout the State. The deceased devised his property to seven grandchildren, of whom complainant was the oldest, and who in 1866 married at the age of seventeen years.
By the terms of the will Henry F. Gillette, George Ball, both of Texas, and W. HI. N. Smith, of North Carolina, were appointed executors. They were authorized, after probating said will and filing inventory and appraisement of the property, to administer the estate without any accountability to any judge or .court. Gillette and. Ball on being duly qualified entered upon the management of the estate.
On the 13th day of June, 1872, complainant and her husband, HT. A. Allen, gave their note for $1200, payable six months from date, with 12 per cent interest, to the Banking and Insurance Company of Galveston, to secure the payment of which note they also executed a deed of trust on all complainant's interest in the various tracts of laud described in said deed belonging to the estate. Complainant and her husband being unable to pay said note when it became due, the deed of trust was foreclosed, her interest in said estate was sold thereunder, and the said defendant, Gillette, became the purchaser of said interest at the foreclosure sale.
The complainant alleges, at length, that, being poor and in

ALLEN v. GILLETTE.
Opinion of the Court.
needy circumstances, arising from the failure and refusal of said defendant to settle up the said estate so as to let her have her portion thereof, or to render it available to relieve her pressing necessities, she was induced by the advice of said defendant to borrow said money from the bank and to execute the said note and deed of trust, which she would not have done but for defendant's promise to make her said interest in the estate available, so as to pay off said note, and thus prevent the sale under the deed of trust. She further alleges that, by withholding from her information as to the condition and value of the estate and making no reports to the court, the defendant obtained an undue advantage over her, and was thereby enabled to bid in her interest for much less than it was worth at the time of the sale. After alleging other circumstances of wrongful conduct and dereliction of duty, she states that, owing to enforced absence from Texas, to her poverty, and to the ignorance in which she was kept as to the real facts relative to her father's estate, it was not until a few months before this suit was commenced that she, by accident, discovered that she had any lawful claim to recover of said defendant her interest in the lands purchased by him.
The bill closes with the prayer that she be allowed to redeem said land from the said defendant, Gillette, by paying said purchase money, and that, in the event of her being unable to redeem it within such reasonable time as the court might direct, then that the land be resold for her benefit, paying the defendant the amount of his advances and interest; that the said defendant be required to answer, under oath, each and every allegation of the bill, and to make a full account of all his actings and doings as executor of Morgan's estate,
The defendant denies the allegation that the note and mortgage were executed by said complainant at his (defendant's) suggestion, by his advice, or with his approval, and alleges, in specific detail, that each and all the statements in the bill as to his (defendant's) conversations, actions, or privity with said complainant and her husband, or said company, in any manner leading to or connected with said loan, note, and trust deed, are wholly untrue and unfounded; and avers that he

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
was entirely ignorant of the borrowing of the said money and of the execution of said note and deed of trust, and of any and all negotiations with reference thereto, or of any purpose of the kind on their part, until long afterwards, when he happened to see in a newspaper an advertisement of the sale to be made under the trust deed by complainant and her husband. The answer proceeds to give a full recital of the circumstances of defendant's purchase of said interest, declaring that having failed in his efforts to prevent said sale or to secure any better price to be paid, and that having ascertained that the property would be inevitably sold, he attended and purchased said interest, bidding the ahount of said debts and expenses of the sale, and that said husband of complainant was present at the sale, repeating his assurance, previously given, of satisfaction at the purchase of defendant in his own personal right and for his own benefit, and without trust or liability to complainant. Defendant further alleges that the price was entirely adequate to the value of the interest at that time, and denies the allegations of complainant to the contrary; alleges that said lands were appraised at twenty-five cents per acre; that the indebtedness of the estate exceeded $20,000; that if settlement had been forced it would not have yielded sufficient to pay the indebtedness; and that the policy of paying off the debts gradually, by inducing creditors to accept lands in settlement and selling in small parcels on time, thus saving all the lands they possibly could for division among the grandchildren of Morgan, was known to, and approved by, the relations and friends of the other six minor children. He denies all concealment of the condition and indebtedness of the estate from complainant and her husband, who was a young man of good business qualifications, fully able, so far as defendant knows and believes, to maintain his family in comfort by economy and industry; and in specific detail shows how he (the defendant) acted in good faith, with all reasonable diligence, in the discharge of his trust to the creditors and devisees of the estate.
The case was set for hearing upon bill and answer, and the exhibits to the bill and answer respectively. Upon the trial, the court held that the complainint was not entitled to the

ALLEN v. GILLETTE.
Opinion of the Court.
relief prayed for in the bill; that no fraud was shown to have been committed, and that the defendant acted in the purchase with good faith; and rendered a decree against complainant, dismissing her bill with costs.
The complainant in this case prayed that the defendant be required to answer upon oath, fully and distinctly, each allegation of the bill. He did answer, and repelled every allegation of suggestion or knowledge on the subject of complainant's transactions with the bank, or of any approval of them after he was informed of them. fHis answer is corroborated by the circumstances and facts developed. There is not in those circumstances the slightest trace of fraud, false representation, or unfair dealing on his part in making the purchase, or of inadequacy of the price paid. It is, perhaps, worthy of remark, that counsel for complainant, both in oral argument and printed brief, was particular to call especial attention of the court to the fact that it is not alleged "that the defendant was guilty of fraud of any kind, either express, implied, or constructive;" nor is it claimed that the facts alleged in the bill show fraud of any kind on the part of the defendant. The theory of his case is, that, on account of the fiduciary Prelation of the defendant, the law conclusively presumes that he made the purchase for the benefit of the complainant as the cestui que trust; and that he thereby acquired only the right of holding the property as a trust mortgagee, and was entitled to realize what he had paid for it in the same manner as a mortgagee realizes from his investment. This is the whole extent of the claim ; - not that the purchase shall be set aside and declared void for fraud of any kind, either express or implied, but that it should be upheld and made to operate as a resulting trust for the benefit of the complainant.
It must be conceded that, as a general rule of equity jurisprudence, a trustee or person acting in a fiduciary character for the benefit of others cannot become a purchaser at his own sale, or acquire any interest therein without the express consent, or under a special permission given by a court of competent jurisdiction. The cases cited by counsel for appellant abundantly support this doctrine. It applies to executors
VOL. cxX-V-38

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
and administrators who are not permitted to derive a personal benefit from the manner in which they transact the business or manage the assets of the estates intrusted to them; but whatever advantage is derived by them from a purchase at an undervalue is for the common benefit of the estate.
In this case the precise nature of the trust, as well as the character and limits of the relations of the executor to the estate, are fixed with precision by the terms of the will, which is as follows:
"I do hereby constitute and declare the children of Son Kosinsko Morgan and his wife Caroline, to wit, Fannie Belle, Chhrles W., P. May, Maria Orphelia, and Nellie Latham, and Ellen Lee, the daughter of my daughter Othelia Lee, my residuary legatees, and to them in equal shares I will, devise, and bequeath all my estate and property, both real and personal, wherever the same may be, after all just debts against my estate and expenses accruing in the settlement thereof shall have been paid and discharged.
"I hereby constitute and appoint George Ball, of Galveston County, and H. F. Gillette, of Harris, both of the State of Texas, and Mr. Wm.H. N. Smith, of Murfreesborough, North Carolina, the executors of this my last will and testament (and to qualify without bond), with power, jointly or either two of them, to do all such acts and things, to sell any property necessary for the liquidation of debts, and to take all such steps and measures as may be necessary or expedient in the discharge or execution of the trust hereby reposed in them, and in payment and discharge of all the provisions and bequests herein contained, and in the administration of the estate and property devised and disposed of by virtue of this testament; and finally, it is my special desire that when this my last will and testament shall have been proven and recorded and an inventory and appraisement of my estate recorded in the probate court, neither such court nor any other shall have anything further to do with the administration of my estate, but my said executors, George Ball, H. F. Gillette, and W. H. N. Smith, or any two of them who shall qualify and act, shall have full control of my estate under the will,

ALLEN v. GILLETTE.
Opinion of the Court.
without accountability to any judge or court further than before expressed by the will."
It is clear, that, with the exception of the exemption of the executors from accountability to the court in the details of administration, the trust created by this will is the same that attaches by operation of law to any executor, to wit, a trust to pay the debts of the estate and then to deliver over the remainder of the lands for partition among the devisees or heirs.
The subject matter of the trust in this case is the whoIe estate in its entirety: (1) for the common benefit of all the creditors; and (2) for the common benefit of all the heirs or devisees. Respecting these creditors or devisees in their separate and individual capacity, he is not the representative or guardian of their person or property, and can exercise no legal control over either. The disposition which a single creditor may make of his debt against the estate, or the sale or other disposition which an individual devisee may make of his individual interest in said estate, cannot interfere with the executor's control of the estate for the payment of the debts of the creditors, on the one hand, or for its ultimate partition among the devisees, on the other; and both are, therefore, matters entirely outside of his trust and his office.
We have already taken it as true that fraud is out of the question in this case, and that the defendant had no agency in the borrowing of the money and incumbering her separate interest as above described, by the complainant. She had, in conjunction with her husband, absolute authority to contract that debt, and to convey her inteiest in the lands of the estate in trust to the bank, with a power, in case of default of payment, to sell said property. Having this right free from any power of interference on the part. of the executor, Gillette, it must follow that the debt was a legal one, the incumbrance a valid one, and the sale under it by the trustee in the deed equally valid and legal. Up to this point the defendant occupies no relation of trust or confidence to the transaction. With no legal power over any of the contracting parties, with no right to interfere with the trustee, to whom full power by

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
the deed is lawfully given to sell the incumbered interest at public auction, he has no trusteeship in regard to it, no duty to perform in respect to it. The debt itself,' incurred by complainant, constitutes no part of the liabilities of the estate which he, as executor, represents. The sale, when made, touched that estate nowhere, did not diminish its assets in the least, nor withdraw from it any lands subject to the debts of creditors, and to the ultimate partition of the devisees and their assigns.
There is nothing in the transaction, from its inception to its final consummation, that imposed upon the defendant any duty incompatible with his right as a purchaser at the sale.
The principle that a trustee may purchase the trust property at a judicial sale brought about by a third party, which he had taken no part in procuring, and over which he could not have had control, is upheld by numerous decisions of this court and of other courts of this country. Prevostv. Gratz, 1 Pet. 0. C. 364-, 378; Twim Lick Oil Co. v. .arbury, 91 U. S. 587; Cworpening'sAppeal, 32 Penn. St. 315; Piq v. &aber, 6 W. & S. 18.
It is true that the rule upon this subject as stated by some text writers is more stringent than that stated in these cases. 1 Perry on Trusts, § 205; Hill on Trustees, 250. We think, however, that the language -employed by them does not present a thorough and perfect generalization of the essential principles pervading the decisions upon this subject. They are in manifest conflict with the uniform current of decisions of the Supreme Court of Texas, which are our guides in this case. Erskine v. .De la Baum, 3 Texas, 406, 417; Howard v. Davis, 6 Texas, 174; Scott v. 2fann, 33 Texas, 725; Goodgame v. Bushing, 35 Texas, 722.
From all of which we are of the opinion that the decree of the court below was correct, and it is accordingly
Apffrmed.

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Syllabus.
This court, therefore, cannot entertain an original action to compel the defendant to pay to the State of Wisconsin a sum of money in satisfaction of the judgment for that fine.
The original jurisdiction of this court is conferred by the Constitution, without limit of the amount in controversy, and Congress has never imposed (if indeed it could impose) any such limit. If this court has original jurisdiction of the present case, it must follow that any action upon a judgment obtained by a State in her own courts against a citizen of another State for the recovery of any sum of money, however small, by way of a fine for any offence, however petty, against her laws, could -be brought in the first instance in the Supreme Court of the United States. That cannot have been the intention of the Convention in framing, or of the people in adopting, the Federal Constitution.
Judgmentfor the defendant on the demurrer
COLTON v. COLTON.
COLTON v. COLTON.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA.
Nos. 228, 229. Argued April 13, 16, 1888.-Decided April 30, 1888.
The intention of a testator, a. expressed in his will, is to prevail when not inconsistent with rules of law.
No technical language is necessary for the creation of a trust in a will, and no general rule can be formulated for determining whether a devise or bequest carries with it the whole beneficial interest, or whether it is to be construed as creating a trust.
If a trust be sufficiently expressed and capable of enforcement, it is not invalidated by being called "precatory."
When property is given by will absolutely and without restriction, a trust is not to be lightly imposed, upon mere words of recommendation and confidence; but if the objects of the supposed trust are definite and the property clearly pointed out, if the relations between the testator and the supposed beneficiary are such as to indicate a motive on the part of the one to provide for the other, and if the precatory clause, expressing a wish, entreaty, or recommendation that the donee shall apply the prop-

COLTON v. COLTON.
Statement of the Case.
erty to the -benefit of the supposed cestui que trust warrants the inference that it is peremptory, then it may be held that an obligatory trust is created, which may be enforced in a court of equity. C, a citizen of California, died there, leaving a will which contained the following provisions: "I give and bequeath to my said wife E. M. C. all of the estate, real and personal, of which I shall die seized, possessed, or entitled to. I recommend to her the care and protection of my mother and sister, and request her to make such gift and provision for them as in her judgment will be best. . . . I hereby appoint my said wife to be the executrix of this my last will and testament, and desire that no bonds be required of her for the performance of any of her duties as such executrix." This will was duly proved in the probate court of San Francisco. Tile widow having failed to make suitable provision for the -mother and sister, each filed a bill in equity against her, setting up that the provision in their favor in the will was a trust. The bills alleged that the property received by the widow under the will amounted to $1,000,000; that the sister was dependent upon the mother for support; that the mother was in feeble health and required constant care, and was without means of support except the sum of .S15,000 loaned at interest, which loan was well known to the testator when he made his will and at the time of his death; that no suitable provision had been made for either mother or sister by the widow, but that they had been left in "very straitened circumstances." The remedy sought in each bill was that the widow should be required to make a suitable provision for the conplainant. 'Io each bill a demurrer was filed on the ground that the will created no trust; that the court had no jurisdiction; that the claim was stale, having accrued more than four years before the commencement of the suit; and that the matter had been adjudicated by the probate court of San Francisco in the probate of the will. Held, (1) That the claim being against the defendant as devisee and legatee,
and not as executrix, and there being no allegation in the pleadings that any jurisdiction was exercised by the probate court in the construction of the -willin this respect, tie adjudications in that court were no bar to the prosecution of this suit; (2) That the complainants took under the will a beneficial interest in the estate given to the wife to the extent of a permanent provision for them during their respective lives, suitable and sufficient for their care and protection, having regard to their condition and necessities, and the amount and value of the fund from which it must come; (3) That it was the duty of the court to ascertain, determine, and declare what provision would be suitable and best under the circumstances, and all particulars and details for securing and paying it.
THESE were two bills in equity, one filed by Martha Colton, and the other by Abigail R. Colton, each of whom was a citi-

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Statenent of the Case.
zen of the State of New York, against Ellen Al. Colton, a citizen of California.
Martha Colton alleged in her bill that she was a sister of David D. Colton, who. died in San Francisco, California, on October 9, 1878, and that the defendant, Ellen M. Colton, was his widow; that on October 8, 1878, the said David D. Colton made and executed in due form his last will and testament, a copy of which was made a part of the bill, and was set out as follows:
"I, David D. Colton, of San Francisco, make this my last will and testament. I declare that all of the estate of which I shall die possessed is community property and was acquired since-ny marriage with my wife. I give and bequeath to -my said wife, Ellen M. Colton, all of the estate, real and personal, of which I shall die seized or possessed or entitled to. I recommend to her the care and protection of my mother and sister, and request her to make such gift and provision for them as in her judgment will be best. I also request my dear wife to make such provision for my daughter Helen, wife of Crittenden Thornton, and Carrie, as she may in her love for them choose to exercise. I hereby appoint my said wife to be the executrix of this my last will and testament, and desire that no bonds be required of her for the performance of any of her duties as such executrix. I authorize and empower her to sell, dispose of, and convey any and all of the estate of which I shall die seized and possessed, without obtaining the order of the-probate court, or of any court, and upon such terms and in such manner, with or without notice, as to her shall seem best. If my said wife shall desire the assistance of any one in the settlement of my estate, I hereby appoint my friend, S. Al. Wilson, of San Francisco, and my secretary, Charles E. Green, to be joined with her in the said executorship, and authorize her to call in either or both of the said gentlemen to be her co-executors; and in case she shall so unite either or both of them with her, the same provisions are hereby made applicable to them as I have before made for her in reference to bonds and duties and powers."
The bill further alleged that on or about October 29, 1878,

COLTON v. COLTON.
Statement of the Case.
"the defendant duly filed the said last will and testament of the said David ID.Colton in the then probate court in and for the city and county of San Francisco, State of California, and thereafter such proceedings were duly had in said probate. court that on or about the 11th day of November, A.D. 1878, an order of said probate court was duly made and entered appointing the defendant executrix of said will and testament, and thereupon the defendant duly qualified as such executrix, and letters testamentary upon the said last will and testament were duly granted and issued to her, the said defendant, and the said defendant thereupon entered upon and thereafter continued to discharge the duties as such executrix until about the 18th day of December, A.D. 1879, when, by an order or decree of said probate court, then and there duly made and entered, the whole estate, real and personal, of the said David D. Colton then remaining was distributed to the said defendant, and she was discharged from any further duties as such executrix."
The bill then alleged that the estate of David ID. Colton thus distributed to the defendant was of the value of about $1,000,000, and that the defendant, though often demanded, has failed, neglected, and refused to make to the plaintiff any gift or provision whatever from the estate of said David D. Colton.
The bill also contained the following allegations: "Your oratrix further shows that she has no estate, property, or income; that for many years she has been, and still is, dependent upon her mother, the said Abigail R. Colton, for her support and maintenance; that ever since your oratrix was a young child her said mother has been in feeble health, and has always required your oratrix' aid and services, and especially during the lengthened illness and last sickness of your oratrix' said father, and ever since the death of your oratrix' said father as aforesaid, her said mother has been an invalid, and has endured much sickness and suffering, and has required much medical attendance, and the almost constant nursing and care of your oratrix. "And your oratrix further shows that about December,

OCTOBER TERMI, 1887.
Statement of the Case.
1869, your oratrix' said father, Isaac W. Colton, then residing in the city of New York, at the request of your oratrix' brother, the said David D. Colton, then residing in San Francisco aforesaid, converted all of his property, consisting of what was then known as five-twenty bonds of the government of the United States, as was well known to the said David D., in gold, amounting to the sum of fifteen thousand dollars, and loaned the same to the said David D.; and thereupon your oratrix' father received therefor the promissory note of the said David D. Colton, dated at San Francisco aforesaid, on or about December 7th, 1869, for the said sum of $15,000, payable in gold, with interest; that afterwards, on or about March 1st, 1873, the said David D. Colton renewed his said note by giving his new note to his father, the said Isaac W. Colton, for the same amount and payable in the same manner, and which said new note was owned and held by your oratrix' said father at the time of his death.
"And your oratrix further shows that her said father died intestate, and that after his death, and on or about March 1st, A.D. 1877, the said David D. Colton, with the consent of your oratrix, took up said last mentioned note by giving his new note therefor, payable to his and your oratrix' mother, the said Abigail R. Colton, for the said sum of fifteen thousand dollars, with interest, and thereby your oratrix surrendered and relinquished all her legal share and interest in the said note so held by her father at the time of his death, as aforesaid, as your oratrix' brother, the said David D. Colton, well knew."
The prayer of the bill is that the "defendant may be compelled to execute the terms and directions of the said last will and testament of the said David D. Colton, and to make your oratrix a suitable provision from the said estate of the said David D. Colton in such amount and in such manner as to your honors shall seen most meet and proper in the premises."
Abigail R. Colton, complainant in the other bill, is the mother of Martha Colton, and also of David D. Colton the testator. Her bill is in substance the same as that of Martha Colton, and prays for similar relief, but contains the following:

COLTON v. COLTON.
Statement of the Case.
"And your oratrix further shows that the said defendant has, although often demanded, utterly failed, neglected, and refused to make to or for your oratrix any gift or provision whatever from the estate of your oratrix' son, the said David D. Colton, except as hereinafter mentioned, that is to say: On or about March 1st, 1880, the defendant sent to your oratrix the sum of fifty dollars; and thereafter, at divers times, and at various intervals between the day last named and about the first day of January, 1881, the defendant sent to your oratrix about five other sums of fifty dollars each, amounting in the whole, as above given to your oratrix, to the sum of about three hundred dollars; and in or about the month of February, 1881, the defendant sent to your oratrix the further sum of six hundred dollars; and in or about November, 1882, she gave to your oratrix the further sum of six hundred dollars; the whole given as aforesaid, since the death of the said David D. Colton, amounting altogether to the sum of about fifteen hundred dollars only.
"Your oratrix further shows that she is now in the seventyfifth year of her age, and that for many years prior to the death of her husband, the said Isaac W. Colton, she was in feeble health, and ever since that event she has been an invalid and endured much sickness and suffering, and has required much medical attendance, and the almost constant nursing and care of her said daughter, Martha Colton, who has always resided with her, until the present time.
"That your oratrix is not the owner of and has no interest in any real estate, or chattels real, except a one-half lot in Greenwood cemetery, near the city of New York, Where her said husband is buried, and that besides her wearing apparel your oratrix has no personal property whatever except the sum of $15,000, which she has bad loaned out upon interest ever since, on or about March 1st, 187, from which time the possession and loaning out of the said sum of $15,000 by your oratrix were well known to the said David D. Colton, down to and at the time of his making his last will and testament.
"And your oratrix further shows, that her entire income
VOL. cxxvrr-20

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Statement of the Case.
ever since the death of her son, the said David D. Colton, has consisted solely of the interest moneys arising from the loan of the aforesaid fifteen thousand dollars, and the aforesaid several sums of money given by the defendant to your oratrix as aforesaid; and ever since in November, 1882, her income has consisted and 'does still consist solely of said interest moneys alone.
"And your oratrix further shows, that at the time of the death of the said David D. Colton, his sister, the said Martha Colton, was not and is not now the owner of any real estate or property, nor has she any income whatever, and your oratrix has, therefore, ever since the death of the said Martha's father provided and still provides her, the said Martha, support and maintenance.
"That by reason of your oratrix' very limited income aforesaid, and notwithstanding great economy in her living and expenses and the denying herself much that would conduce to her health and comfort, your oratrix is in very straitened circumstances."
To each of these bills the defendant demurred, and for causes of demurrer assigned the following:
":First. That the said complainant hath not by her said bill made such a case as entitles the said complainant to any relief in this court. Avouching any of the matters therein complained of, in this, that no estate, trust, or interest exists in favor of said complainant or arises in her favor out of the said last will and testament in her bill set forth or any matter, legacy, or devise therein contained.
"Second. That this court hath no jurisdiction of the matters and things set forth in said complainant's bill, nor hath it jurisdiction to consider the same or to grant the relief prayed for or any relief whatever.
"Third. That neither this court nor any other court whatever bath jurisdiction to hear and determine the matters and things set forth in complainant's said bill or to grant the relief therein prayed, or any other relief whatever.
"Fourth. That it appears on the face of said complainant's bill that if any cause of action whatever exists by reason of

COLTON v. COLTON.
Opinion of the Court.
the matters and things in said bill set forth, that such cause of action is founded upon a stale equity and claim.
"Fifth. That it appears on the face of complainant's said bill that the said cause of action therein set forth, if any such exists, accrued more than four years before the commencement of this action, and that the same is barred upon the principle which courts of equity follow in analogy to the statute of limitation at law.
"Sixth. That it appears upon the face of said complainant's bill that the said pretended cause of action therein set forth accrued more than four years before the filing of her said bill.
"Seventh. That it appears on the face of complainant's said bill that the matters and things therein sought to be inquired of and determined have long since been inquired into and determined against the said complainant by the probate court of the city and county of San Francisco, Stat& of California."
The demurrer to each of the bills was sustained, and they were severally dismissed. Colton v. Colton, 10 Sawyer, 325, 336. From these decrees the present appeals were prosecuted.
.Mr. Sherman, Evarts and Hr. William .M Evarts for appellants.
Mr. George R. B. Hayes for appellee. .Ar. John A. Stanly was with him on the brief.
Mn. JUsTIcE MATmrws, after stating the case as above reported, delivered the opinion of the court.
These appeals bring before us the will of David D. Colton for construction. The question is, whether his widow, Ellen M. Colton, by its provisions, takes the whole estate of which he died seized and possessed absolutely in her own right, or whether she takes it charged with a trust enforceable in equity in favor of the complainants, and, if so, to what extent. The language of the will to be construed is as follows: "I givo and bequeath to my said wife, Ellen M. Colton, all of the estate real and personal, of which I shall die seized, possessed,

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Cofirt.
or entitled to. I recommend to her the care and protection of my mother and sister, and request her to make such gift and provision for them as in her judgment will be best."
Before proceeding, however, to a consideration of the will itself, we are met with the objection, interposed by the counsel for the appellee, that the matter of the present controversy has already been finally adjudicated. The proposition is, that the decree of the probate court of the city and county of San Francisco, distributing the whole of the estate of the testator to the appellee, was a complete and final adjudication as to all parties claiming, as heirs, legatees, or devisees, any interest, legal or equitable, in or to the estate, and is, therefore, a bar to the present suit. It is contended that by the law of California, the probate court, having jurisdiction over matters relating to the settlement of estates of deceased persons, and, among other matters, to distribute the residue of the estate among the persons who by law are entitled thereto, if a trust is attempted to be created by will, that court must determine how far the attempt is successful, rhat is the trust, who is the trustee, and.who are the beneficiaries, and distribute accordingly.
,As there is no plea in bar of the relief sought by the bills, setting up any decree of the probate court to which the appella'nts were parties, and by which they could be bound, denying to them any interest under the will of the testator, we must look to the bills themselves for the only allegations on that subject. All that is said on the subject in them is that the defendant "continued to discharge the duties as such executrix until about the 18th day of December, A.D. 1879, when, by an order or decree of said probate court, then and there duly made and entered, the whole estate, real and personal, of the said David D. Colton then remaining was distributed to the said defendant, and she was discharged from any further duties bas'such executrix."
'The entire effect of this averment is to show that the defendant had come into possession of the estate as devised and legatee, as she was clearly entitled to, as soon as the estate was fully administered by her as executrix. The claims in-

COLTON v. COLTON.
Opinion of the Court.
sisted on by the complainants are not against her as executrix, but as devisee and legatee; and the trusts alleged to be created by the will do not arise until the widow of the testator comes into possession of the estate as devisee and legatee. Whatever jurisdiction by the laws of California its probate court may have been entitled to exercise for the purpose of construing the will as between the widow and the present complainants, there is no averment in the pleadings that it was ever exercised. There is, therefore, no adjudication on the subject by the probate court, which has decided the question raised in these suits so as to operate as a bar to their prosecution.
The fundamental and controlling rules for the construction of wills are familiar and well understood. They were well stated by Chief Justice Marshall in delivering the opinion of this court in Smith v. Bell, 6 Pet. 68, as follows: "The first and great rule in the exposition of wills, to which all other rules must bend, is that the intention of the testator expressed in his will shall prevail, provided it be consistent with the rules of law. 1 Doug. 322; 1 W. B1. 672. This principle is generally asserted in the construction of every testamentary disposition. It is emphatically the will of the person who makes it, and is defined to be 'the legal declaration of a man's intentions which he wills to be performed after his death.' 2 Bl. Com. 499. These intentions are to be collected from his words, and ought to be carried into effect if they be consistent with law. In the construction of ambiguous expressions, the situation of the parties may very properly be taken into view. The ties which connect the testator with his legatees, the affection subsisting between them, the motives which may reasonably be supposed to operate with him, and to influence him in the disposition of his property, are all entitled to consideration in expounding doubtful words and ascertaining the meaning in which the testator used them. . . . No rule is better settled than that the whole will is to .be taken together, and is to be so construed as to give effect, if it be possible, to the whole. . . . Notwithstanding the reasonableness and good sense of this general rule, that the intention shall prevail, it has been sometimes disregarded. If the testator at-

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
tempts to effect that which the law forbids, his will must yield to the rules of law. But courts have sometimes gone farther. The construction put upon the words in one will has been supposed to furnish a rule for construing the same words in other wills; and thereby to furnish some settled and fixed rules of construction which ought to be respected. We cannot say that this principle ought to be totally disregarded; it should never be carried so far as to defeat the plain intent; if that intent may be "carried into execution without violating *the rules of law. It has been said truly (3 Wils. 141) ' that cases on wills may guide us to general rules of construction; but unless a case cited be in every respect directly in point, and agree in every circumstance, it will have little or no weight with the court, who always look upon the intention of the testator as the polar star to direct them in the construction of wills.'" See Olarke v. Boorman's Emecutors, 18 Wall. 493, 502.
The object, therefore, of a judicial interpretation of a will is to ascertain the ifitention of the testator, according to the meaning of the words he has used, deduced from a consideration of the whole instrument and a comparison of its various parts in the light of the situation and circumstances which surrounded the testator when the instrument was framed. These rules of construction, indeed, apply to every written instrument, although in deeds and some other formal documents the long usage of the law has, in certain cases, required the use of technical words and phrases to accomplish particular effects. No technical language, however, is necessary to the creation of a. trust, either by deed or by will. It is not necessary to use the words "upon -trust" or "trustee," if the creation of a trust is otherwise sufficiently evident. If it appear to be the intention of the parties from the whole instrument creating it that the property conveyed is to be held or dealt with for the benefit of another, a court of equity will affix to it the character of a trust, and impose corresponding duties upon the party receiving the title, if it be capable of lawful enforcement. -No general rule can be stated that will determine when a conveyance will carry with it the whole beneficial interest, and when it will be construed to create a

COLTON v. COLTON.
Opinion of the Court.
trust; but the intention is to be gathered in each case from the general purpose and scope of the instrument. Perry on Trusts, §§ 82, 151, 158; Creswell's Administrator v. Jones, 68 Alabama, 420.
The question upon the language of the present will, which constitutes the point in dispute, is whether the testator intended to charge his estate in the hands of his widow with a trust in favor of his mother and sister, or whether he intended his widow to take the estate free from any obligation of that character, at liberty to disregard the recommendation and request, and to make provision for his mother and sister or not out of property absolutely her own, as-she might choose.
It is argued against the establishment of the trust in favor of the complainants that it is of the nature of those called "precatory trusts," founded originally in the earlier decisions of courts of equity in England and in this country, upon strained, artificial, and inappropriate interpretations of the language of testators, whereby their real intentions were perverted and defeated, according to a rule which is no longer favored as an existing doctrine of equity, and which is excluded by the express terms of the Civil Code of California, according to which the will in this case must be construed. That code provides that "a will is to be construed according to the intention of the testator. Where his intention cannot have effect to its full extent, it must have effect as far as possible." Section 1317. "In case of uncertainty arising upon the face of a will as to the application of any of its provisions, the testator's intention is to be ascertained from the words of the will, taking into view the circumstances under which it was made, exclusive of his oral declarations." Section 1318. "All the parts of a will are to be construed in relation to each other, and so as, if possible, to form one consistent whole; but where several parts are absolutely irreconcilable, the latter must prevail." Section 1321. "A clear and distinct devise or bequest cannot be affected by any reasons assigned therefor, or by any other words not equally clear and distinct, or by inference or argument from other parts of the will, or by the inaccurate recital of or reference to its contents in another

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
part of the will." Section 1322. "The words of a will are to be taken in their ordinary and grammatical sense, unless a clear intention to use them in another sense can be collected, and that other can be ascertained." Section 1324. "The words of a will are to receive an interpretation which will give to every expression some effect, rather than one which Will render any of the expressions inoperative." Section 1325. "Technical words are not necessary to give effect to any species of disposition by a will." Section 1328. And by § 1319 it is provided that these rules are to be observed "unless an intention to the contrary clearly appears." In relation to trusts, the code also provides, in respect to real property, that they must be either in writing or created by operation of law (sec. 852); subject to which condition, it is further provided that "a voluntary trust is created as to the trustor and beneficiary by any words or acts of the trustor indicating with reasonable certainty; 1, an intention on the-part of the trustor to create a trust; and 2, the subject, purpose, and beneficiary of the trust." Section 2221. It will be observed, however, that these statutory provisions of the State of California are merely declaratory of preexisting law, and are perfectly consistent, if not identical, with the rules of construction already noticed as of controlling and universal application.
As to the doctrine of precatory trusts, it is quite unnecessary to trace its origin, or review the numerous judicial decisions in England and in this country which record its various applications. If there be a trust sufficiently expressed and capable of enforcement by a court of equity, it does not disparage, much less defeat it, to call it "precatory." The question of its existence, after all, depends upon the intention of the testator as expressed by the words he has used, according to their natural meaning, modified only by the context and the situation and circumstances of the testator when he used them. On the one hand, the words may be merely those of suggestion, counsel, or advice, intended only to influence, and not to take away the discretion of the legatee growing out of his right to use and dispose of the property given as his own. On the other hand, the language employed may be imperative in fact,

COLTON v. COLTON.
Opinion of the Court.
though not in form, conveying the intention of the testator in terms equivalent to a command, and leaving to the legatee no discretion to defeat his wishes, although there may be a discretion to accomplish them by a choice of methods, or even to define and limit the extent of the interest conferred upon his beneficiary.
"All the cases upon a subject like this," said Lord Chancellor Cottenham in Shaw v. lawless,'5 Cl. & Finn. 129, 153, "must proceed on a consideration of what was the intention of the testator." In Williams v. Williams, 1 Simons N. S. 358, 369, Vice Chancellor Cranworth said: "The point really to be decided in all these cases is whether, looking at the whole context of the will, the testator has meant to impose an obligation on his legatee to carry his express wishes into effect, or whether, having expressed his wishes, he has meant to leave it to the legatee to act on them or not at his discretion." And referring to rules for ascertaining this intention sought to be deduced from the numerous decisions on the subject, he adds: "I doubt if there can exist any formula for bringing to a direct test the question whether words of request, or hope, or recommendation are or are not to be construed as obligatory."
In B'iggs v. Penny, 3 Macn. & Gord. 546, 554, Lord Chancellor Truro stated the same rule with a little more particularity. He said: "I conceive the rule of construction to be that words accompanying a gift or bequest expressive of confidence, or belief, or desire, or hope that a particular application will be made of such bequest, will be deemed to import a trust upon these conditions: first, that they are so used as to exclude all option or discretion in the party who is to act as to his acting according to them or not; secondly, the subject must be certain; and, thirdly, the3objects expressed must not be too vague or indefinite to be enforced." The most recent declarations of the English courts of equity do not modify this statement of the law. -Lambe v. Fames, L. R. 6 Ch. 597; In re HMutchinson and Tenant, 8 Ch. Div. 540; In re Adams and the JXensington T7estry, L. R. 27 Ch. Div. 394, 406.
The existing state of the law on this question, as received in

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
England, and generally followed in the courts of the several States of this Union, is well stated by Gray, 0. X., in Hess v. Singer, 114 Mass. 56, 59, as follows: "It is a settled doctrine of courts of chancery that a devise or bequest to one person, accompanied by words expressing a wish, entreaty, or recommendation that he will apply it to the benefit of others, may be held to create a trust, if the subject and the objects are sufficiently certain. Some of the earlier English decisions had a tendency to give to this doctrine the weight of an arbitrary rule of construction. But by the later cases in this, and in all other questions of the interpretation of wills, the intention of the testator, as gathered from the whole will, controls the court; in order to create a trust, it must appear that the words were intended by the testator to be imperative; and when property is given absolutely and without restriction, a trust is not to be lightly imposed, upon mere words of recommendation and confidence."
In the previous case of Warnerv. Bates, 98 Mass. 274, 277, Chief Justice Bigelow vindicated the soundness and the value of this rule in the following commentary. He said: "The criticisms which have been sometimes applied to this rule by text writers and in judicial opinions will be found to rest mainly on its applications in particular cases, and not to involve a doubt of the correctness of the rule itself as a sound principle of construction. Indeed, we cannot understand the force or validity of the objections urged against it if care is taken to keep it in subordination to the primary and cardinal rule that the intent of the testator is to govern, and to apply it only where the creation of a trust will clearly subserve that intent. It may sometimes be difficult to gather that intent, and there is always a tendency to construe words as obligatory in furtherance of a result which accords with a plain moral duty on the part of a devisee or legatee, and with what it may be supposed the testator would do if he could control his action. But difficulties of this nature, which are inherent in the subject matter, can always be readily overcome by bearing in mind and rigidly applying in all such cases the test, that to create a trust it must clearly appear that the

COLTON v. COLTON.
Opinion of the Court.
testator intended to govern and control the conduct of the party to whom the language of the will is addressed, and did not design it as an expression or indication of that which the testator thought would be a reasonable exercise of a discretion which he intended to repose in the legatee or devisee. If the objects of the supposed trust are certain and definite; if the property to which it is to attach is clearly pointed out; if the relations and situation of the testator and the supposed cestuis que t7ts are such as to indicate a strong interest and motive on the part of the testator in making them partakers of his bounty; and, above all, if the recommendatory or precatory clause is so expressed as to warrant the inference that it was designed to be peremptory on the donee, the just and reasonable interpretation is that a trust is created which is obligatory and can be enforced in equity against the trustee by those in whose behalf the beneficial use of the gift was intended."
In the light of this rule, as thus stated and qualified, we proceed to ascertain the intention of the testator in this will as to the point in controversy. In the first place, the language of the bequest to his wife is undoubtedly sufficient to convey to her at his death the whole estate absolutely and without conditions. The will says: "I give and bequeath to my said wife, Ellen Mvi. Colton, all of the estate, real and personal, of which I shall die seized or possessed or entitled to." If this stood alone there could be no controversy as to the nature and extent of her title. But it does not stand alone, and it does not contain any expressions which necessarily anticipate or limit any subsequent provisions affecting it. It does not say expressly that she shall have the absolute right to use, for her own benefit exclusively, or the absolute right to dispose. of, the estate which he gives to her. Her right to use and her power to dispose are merely the legal incidents of the title conveyed by the clause considered as unqualified by its context. But the bequest to the wife is immediately followed by the clause whiQh is the subject of the present contention. In direct connection with this gift to his wife the testator adds: "I recommend to her the care and protection of my

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
mother and sister, and request her to make such gift and provision for them as in her judgment will be best." It may well be admitted that the recommendation of the testator to his wife to care for and protect his mother and sister, when they should be deprived of the care and protection which he could personally secure to them while he lived, -is not sufficient of itself to create a trust and attach it to the estate of his widow, so as to be capable of enforcement. It is certainly the expression of a strong desire on the part of the testator for a continuance of care and protection by his legatee over his mother and sister, but, considered by itself, cannot be construed as creating in them an enforceable right to a beneficial interest in the estate given to his widow. It is rather a personal charge than a property charge. But he did not leave it so. The testator adds: "And request her to make such gift and provision for them as in her judgment will be best." It is immaterial in the construction of this language to determine whether the word "gift" means a donation from the legatee or from the testator, for it is also to be.a "provision." It is this which he requests his widow to make, out of that provision which the testator made directly for her, consisting of the whole of his estate, real and personal. The entire estate bequeathed to his widow is thus affected by this request. Is that request equivalent to a command, or is it a mere solicitation, which after his death she may reject and disregard without violating the terms of his will and the conditions upon which she accepted her estate under it? Is there anything in the language of the clause itself, in its context, or in the circumstances and situation of the testator when he framed it, to indicate an intention on his part to confer upon his widow the authority to accept his property, and at the same time to refuse to use it according to his request? Undoubtedly he gives to her some discretion on the subject; the gift and provision which he requests for his mother and sister is to be such as in her judgment will be best. It is to be such as will be best for them, having regard to all the circumstances, both of their necessities and the amount and sufficiency of the estate; and this proportion, which is to constitute what shall be best, is

COLTON v. COLTON.
Opinion of the Court.
to be determined by the widow in the exercise of her judgment. It is her judgment that is to be called into exercise, and this excludes caprice, whim, and every merely arbitrary award; but whatever the judgment may be, and whatever discretion is involved in its exercise, it operates only upon the nature, form, character, and amount of the gift and provision intended for them. The fact of 'agift and provision is presupposed, and stands on its own ground. Her judgment is not invoked as to that. The only ambiguity, in respect to whether there shall be a gift and provision or not, resides in the single word "request." Does that mean a wish of the testator which he intended to be fulfilled out of the means which he had furnished to make it effectual, or does it mean a posthumous petition which the testator understood himself as addressing to the favor and good will of his sole legatee?
The situation of the testator at the time he framed these provisions is to be considered. He made his will October 8, 1878; he died the next day. It may be assumed that it was made in view of impending dissolution, in the very shadow of approaching death. There is room enough for the supposition that by this necessity the contents of his will were required to be brief ; the conception of the general idea to give everything to his wife was simple and easily expressed, and capable of covering all other intended dispositions. The time and the circumstances, perhaps, disabled him from specifying satisfactory details concerning a provision for his mother and his sister, but he did not forget that he owed them care and protection. That care and protection, therefore, he recommended to his wife as his legatee; but he was not satisfied with that; he wished that care and protection to be embodied in a gift and provision for them out of the estate which he was to leave to her. He therefore requested her to make it, and that request he addressed to his legatee and principal beneficiary as expressive of his will that a gift and provision for his mother and sister should come out of it. His legacy to them was part of his legacy to her. All other particulars, as to its form and amount, he was willing to leave, and did leave, to be determined by his widow in her judgment of

OCTOBER TERIM, 1887. '
Opinion of the Court.
what would be best for his beneficiaries, so as to insure them that care and protection for which he was providing.
The substance of the bequest was his own; the form of it, shaped only. by the declared purpose of his bounty, he was willing to leave to the judgment of his wife. The alternative that such discretion should assume the power to disappoint his dispositions evidently was n6t present in his thoughts, as it is not implied in his words.
The language of the testator immediately succeeding that under consideration throws some light on the meaning of the words in dispute. He says: "I also request my dear wife to make such provision for my daughter Helen, wife of Crittenden Thornton, and Carrie, as she may in her love for them choose to exercise." These were the daughters of the wife as well as of the testator, as it is to be inferred from the fact that he refers the whole subject of any provision for them to her love, and the provision which he requests in their behalf is to be not such "as in her judgment will be best," but only such "as she may in her love for them choose to exercise," leaving the whole question of a provision subject to the exercise of the legatee's choice, which the testator was quite willing to adopt as the dictate of the love of a mother for her children.
It is also to be assumed that the circumstances and situation of his mother and sister were remembered by the testator in the act of making his will; that they were separated from his personal care by a wide distance; that his mother was a widow, and had nearly attained the age of three score years and ten; that even before the death of his father her health was feeble, and that since, she had been an invalid, enduring much sickness and suffering, requiring constant medical attendance, and the nursing and care of her daughter, who had always resided with her; that except the lot in Greenwood cemetery, where her husband was buried, she owned no real estate, and had no income except the interest on '$15,000, which had been advanced to the testator himself by his father as a loan many years previously, and on the income from which the mother and daughter were obliged, with great economy and self-denial, to maintain themselves in very strait-

COLTON v. COLTON.
Opinion of the Court.
ened circumstances. A recollection of their necessities, as well as natural love and affection, must have inspired that sentence of his will by which the testator recommended to his widow the care and protection of his mother and sister, giving commanding weight and solemnity to the accompanying request "to make such gift and provision for them as in her judgment will be best;" for he also well knew that such a provision, sufficient for their comfort and independence, would not sens.ibly diminish the abundance of the legacy to his wife out of which it must issue.
It is an error to suppose that the word "request" necessarily imports an option to refuse, and excludes the idea of obedience as corresponding duty. If a testator requests his executor to pay a given sum to a particular person, the legacy would be complete and recoverable. According to its context and manifest use, an expression of desire or wish will often be equivalent to a positive direction, where that is the evident purpose and meaning of the testator; as where a testator desired that all of his just debts, and those of a firm for which he was not liable, should be paid as soon as convenient after his decease, it was construed to operate as a legacy in favor of the creditors of the latter. Burt v. Helron, 66 Penn. St. (16 P. F. Smith), 400. And in such a case as the present, it would be but natural for the testator to suppose that a request, which, in its terms, implied no alternative, addressed to his widow and principal legatee, would be understood and obeyed as strictly as though it were couched in the language of direction and command. In such a case, according to the phrase of Lord Loughborough in .7alimv. Heigley, 2 Ves. Jr. 333, 529, "the mode is only civility."
But it is also argued that the trust sought to be established under this will in favor of the complainants is incapable of execution by reason of the uncertainty as to the form and extent of the provision intended, and because it involves the exercise of discretionary power on the part of the trustee which a court of equity has no rightful authority to control. We have seen that whatever discretion is given by the will to the testator's widow does not affect the existence of the trust.

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
That discretion does not involve the right to choose whether a provision shall be made or not; nor is there anything personal or arbitrary implied in it. It is to be the exercise of judgment directed to the care and protection of the beneficiaries by making such a provision as will best secure that end. There is nothing in this left so vague and indefinite that it cannot, by the usual processes of the law, be reduced to certainty. Courts of common law constantly determine the reasonable value of property sold, where there is no agreement as to price, and the judge and jury are frequently called upon to adjudge what are necessaries for an infant or reasonable maintenance for a deserted wife. The principles of equity and the machinery of its courts are still better adapted to such inquiries. In the exercise of their discretion over trusts and trustees, it is a fundamental maxim that no trust shall fail for want of a trustee, and where the trustee appointed neglects, refuses, or becomes incapable of executing the trust, the court itself in many cases will act as trustee. In Tho7y v. Owen, 2 Hare, 607, 610, Wigram, V. C., said: "Whatever difficulties might originally have been supposed to exist in the way of a court of equity enforcing a trust, the extent of which was unascertained, the cases appear clearly to decide that a court of equity can measure the extent of interest which an adult, as well as an infant, takes under a trust for his support, maintenance and advancement, provision, or other like indefinite expression, applicable to a fund larger confessedly than the party entitled to the support, maintenance, or advancement can claim, and some interest in which is given to another person." And in Foley v. Pary, 2 Myl. & K. 138, where the words of a will were "and it is my particular wish and request that my dear wife and A. will superintend and take care of the education of D. so as to fit him for any respectable profession or employment," it was held that a charge was created on the interest taken by the testator's widow which could be made effectual by a court of equity.
It is quite true that where the manner of executing a trust is left to the discretion of trustees, and they are willing to act, and there is no maZafldes, the court will not ordinarily control

COLTON v. COLTON.
Opinion of the Court.
their discretion as to the way in which they exercise the power, so that if a fund be applicable to the maintenance of children at the discretion of trustees, the court will not take upon itself, in the first instance, to regulate the maintenance, but will leave it to the trustees. But the court will interfere wherever the exercise of the discretion by the trustees is infected with fraud or misbehavior, or they decline to undertake the duty of exercising the discretion, or generally where the discretion is mischievously and erroneously exercised, as if a trustee be authorized to lay out money upon government, or real, or personal security, and the trust fund is outstanding upon any hazardous security. Lewin on Trusts, c. 20, § 2, 402, 403, 4th Eng. ed.
In the case of (Jostabadie v. Costabadie, 6 Hare, 410, 414, Vice Chancellor Sir James Wigram said: "If the gift be subject to the discretion of another person, so long as that person exercises a sound and honest discretion, I am not aware of any principle or any authority upon which the court should deprive the party of that discretionary power. Where a proper and honest discretion is exercised, the legatee takes all that the testator gave or intended that he should have -that is, so much as in the honest and reasonable exercise of that discretion he is entitled to. That is the measure of the legacy." But it is always for the court eventually to say, when called upon, whether the discretion has been either exercised at all, or exercised honestly, and in good faith. In re IRodge, Davey v. Ward, L. R. 7 Oh. Div. 754. Plainly, if the trustee refuses altogether to exercise the'discretion with which he is invested, the trust must not on that account be defeated, unless by its terms it is made dependent upon the will of the trustee himself.
On the whole, therefore, our conclusion is that each of the complainants in these bills is entitled to take a beneficial interest under the will of David D. Colton, to the extent, out of the estate given by him to his wife, of a permanent provision for them during their respective lives, suitable and sufficient for their care and protection, having regard to their condition and necessities, and the amount and value of the fund from
VOL. cxxviu-21

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Statement of the Case.
which it must come. It will be the duty of the court to ascertain after proper inquiry, and thereupon to determine and declare, what provision will be suitable and best under the circumstances, and all particulars and details for securing and paying it.
The decrees of the Circuit Cburt are accordingly reversed, and the causes remanded with directions to overrule the demurrersto the several bills, and to take furtherproceedings therein not inconsistentwith this opinion; and it is so ordered.

CAMERON v. HTODGES.

APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED TIE WESTERN DISTRIOT OF TENNESSEE.

STATES

FOR

No. 208. Argued April 5, 1888.- Decided April 30, 18M5.

A petition by defendant for removal of a cause from a state court, on the ground of citizenship, which alleges that he is a citizen of another named State of which none of the complainants are citizens, is insufficient unless the record discloses that they are citizens of other named States of which the defendant is not a citizen, or are aliens.
This court of its own motion uniformly takes the objection of want of jurisdiction in the Circuit Court, especially as regards citizenship.
A want of jurisdiction of a Circuit Court arising out of a defect in the allegations of citizenship in a cause removed from a state court, on the ground of citizenship, cannot be cured by affidavits here.
Tis was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Tennessee.
The suit was originally brought in the Chancery Court of Shelby County, held in the city of Memphis in that State, in regard to a controversy which arose concerning the title to certain real estate situated in the State of Arkansas. The principal defendant. Asa Hodges, was a citizen of Arkansas, and upon that ground procured an order in the Chancery Court to remove the case into the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Tennessee. The allegations upon which this removal was made were as follows:

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Statement of the Case.
Congress by the act of December 21, 1871, 17 Stat. 24, and was never chargeable to this fund.
In the language of the court below: "Section five of the act of June 2, 1886, (supra,) fixes the amount of the fund and specifies exactly what shall be deducted from it, and provides that the balance shall be distributed to the judgment creditors. The item thus deducted was not among those thus specified."
We are of the opinion that the claimants are entitled to their share of the amount thus improperly deducted, and the decision of the Court of Claims is therefore
Affirmed.
RoBARDS v. LAMB.
ER OR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF MISSOURI.
No. 1088. Submitted March 20, 1888.-Decided April 16, 1888.
The Statute of Missouri which, as construed by the Supreme Court of that State, authorizes a special administrator, having charge of the estate of a testator pending a contest as to the validity of his will, to have a final settlement of his accounts, conclusive against distributees, without giving notice to them, is not repugnant to the clause of the Constitution of the United States which forbids a State to deprive any person of his property without due process of law.
THIS case was brought before the court on the following motions made by defendant in error's counsel.
The court is moved to dismiss the writ of error or to affirm the judgment herein on the following grounds:
1. This court is without jurisdiction under § '09 of the fRevised Statutes.
2.. If any question cognizable under that section was in fact decided, such decision was not necessary, and the judgment rendered is supported on grounds which this court has no jurisdiction to review.
G. G. VEST, For -Defendaontin Error.

RoBARDS v. LAMB.
Statement of the Case.
The case, as stated by the court, was as follows:
By the statutes of Missouri, relating to the granting of letters testamentary and of administration, it is provided: "If the validity of a will be contested, or the executor be a minor or absent from the State, letters of administration shall be granted, during the time of such contest, minority or absence, to some other person, [other or different from the one charged with the execution of the will, 56 Missouri, 432,] who shall take charge of the property and administer the same, according to law, under the direction of the court, and account for and pay and deliver all the money and property of the estate to the executor or regular administrator, when qualified to act." Gen. Stat. Missouri, 1865, c. 120, § 13; Rev. Stat. Missouri, 1879, c. 1, art 1, § 14.
The present suit was brought in behalf of distributees to falsify a final settlement, made in one of the probate courts of Missouri, of the accounts of a special administrator, who was appointed, under the authority of the above statute, to take charge of and administer the property of a testator pending a contest as to the validity of his will. The plaintiff claims that at that settlement the distributees were not represented, and did not have actual or constructive notice thereof. After the contest as to the will ended, the probate court passed an order stating the balance in the hands of the special administrator, directing him to turn the same over to the executors of the estate, and providing for the discharge of himself and sureties, upon his filing in that court the receipt of the executors for such balance. The executors having given their receipt for all the property held by him, as shown by his final settlement, and the same having been filed, an order was passed by the probate court for the final discharge of the special administrator.
The Supreme Court of Missouri held, in the present case, that while the laws of that State (Gen. Stat. 1865, c. 124, § 16, to 19; Rev. Stat. 1879, § 238 to 241,) required notice by publication of the final settlement of executors and administrators, notice was not required in respect to settlements of special

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Statement of the Case.
administrators in whose hands the property of a testator is placed pending a contest as to the validity of his will. Its language was: · "As was said in Iamb, AdmW'r, v. Helm, Admo'm, 56 Missouri, 433, 'such special administrators occupy more nearly the position of a receiver who acts under the direction of the court than they do the position of a general administrator.' The special administrator is appointed for temporary purposes only, (Hawkins v. Cunningham, 67 IMissouri, 415,) and when the contest as to the will is over and the nominated executor qualified, his functions are at an end, and he must settle his accounts -and turn over the property in his hands to the regular executor or administrator. This accounting is his final accounting, it is true, but it is not a final settlement of the estate contemplated when notice is required to be given. There is no need of any notice, for there is then a regular representative of the estate with whom the settlement is made under the direction of the probate court. The statute which provides for notice on final settlements therefore has no application to settlements made by an administrator pendente lite, and notice is not required.
"As to § 41, c. 120, which provides that if any administrator die, resign, or his letters be revoked, he or his legal representatives shall account to the successor, &c., it is sufficient to say the section has no application to this case, for here the special administrator neither resigned nor were his letters revoked, but his powers ceased by operation of law and the express terms of the appointment. We do not intimate that in these cases notice of the settlement must be given, though when an administrator desires to resign, notice of his intention to make application to that end must be given,
"It follows that the judgment of the probate court discharging the special administrator is final and conclusive even as against the plaintiff, for there is no saving clause as to minors or married women. The petition does not seek relief on the ground of fraud." 1?oBards v. Lam, 89 Missouri, 303, 311, 312.

RoBARDS v. LAMB.
Opinion of the Court.
31r. George G. Vest for the motion cited: Detroit City Railway Co. v. Guthard,114 U. S. 133; Chouteau v. Gibson, 111 U. S. 200; .furdock v. -Memphis, 20 Wall. 590; Brown v. Colorado, 106 U. S. 95; .3fcifanus v. O'Sullivan, 91 U. S. 578 ; Brown v. Atwell, 92 U. S. 327 ; Simmerman v. Nebraska, 116 U. S. 54; Adams County v. Burlington & _Xissouri River Railroad,112 U. S. 123, 126, 127; Chapman v. Goodnow, 123 U. S. 540 ; Brooks v. .Missouri,1241 U. S. 394; -Yew York Zife Insurance Co. v. Hendren, 92 U. S. 286; Dugger v. Bocock, 104 U. S. 596; San Franciscov. Scott, 111 U. S. 768; Grame v. Insurance Co., 112 'U. S. 273 ; Citizens' Bank v. Board of Liquidation,98 U. S. 140.

-Mr.James Carr opposing, on the question of jurisdiction cited: W-ebster v. Reid, 11 How. 437; -Lessee of Walden v. Craig'sHeirs,14 Pet. 145, 154 ; Hollingsworth v. Barbour,4 Pet. 466; Thatcher v. Powell, 6 Wheat. 119; Des Jfoines Navigation &c. Co. v. Iowa Homestead Co., 123 U. S. 552; -agar v. Reclamation District,111 U. S. 701; Chicago Life Ins. Co. v. NYeedles, 113 U. S. 574; Kennard v. .Morgan, 92 U. S. 480; Foster v. Kansas, 112 U. S. 201; Chapman v. Goodnow, 123 U. S. 540; Hall v. Finch, 104: U. S. 261; Railroad v. NSational Bank, 102 U. S. 14: and as to what constitutes "due process of law" ; Hagar v. Reclamation District, 111 U. S. 701; Davidsonv. New Orleans, 96 -U. S. 97; Foster v. Eansas,112 UT. S. 201; -ennard v. Louisiana, 92 U. S. 480; Slaughter House Cases, 16 Wall. 36; Pennoyer v. .ef, 95 U. S. 714; Boswells lessee v. Otis, 9 How. 336; Webster v. Reid, 11 How. 437; .Nations v. Johnson, 24 How. 195; Murray's Lessee v. Hoboken Co., 18 How. 272.

NXh. JUSTICE

IAu", after stating the facts in the above

language, delivered the opinion of the court.

The only question, among those presented, of which this court can take cognizance, is whether the statute of Missouri, which authorizes a special administrator having charge of the estate of a testator pending a contest as to the validity of his

OCTOBER TERMI, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
will, to have a final settlement of his accounts, without giving notice to distributees, and which settlement, in the absence of fraud, is deemed conclusive as against such distribute.es, is repugnant to the clause of the Constitution of the United States forbidding a,State to deprive any person of his property without due process of law. We have no difficulty- in answering this question in the negative. Without stating all the grounds upon which this conclusion might be rested, it is sufficient to say that, in matters involved in the accounts of such special administrator, the executor or administrator with the will annexed represents all claiming under the will. The regular representative of the estate, before passing his receipt to the special administrator, has an opportunity to examine this settlement, and, if it is not satisfactory, to contest its correctness by some appropriate proceeding. When an executor or administrator with the will annexed proposes to make a final settlement of his own accounts, he is required to give notice to creditors and distributees; for there are no other representatives of the estate. But when a special administrator ceases to act as such, that is, when his functions cease by operation of law, he must account for the property and estate in his hands to the executor or administrator with the will annexed, who, in receiving what had been temporarily in the charge of the former, acts for all interested in the distribution of the estate. As, therefore, the regular representative of the estate has an opportunity to contest the final settlement of the special administrator, before giving him an acquittance, it cannot be said that the absence of notice to the distributees of such settlement amounts to a deprivation of their rights of property without due process of law.
TI.ejudgnmnt is afflined.

SEWALL v. HAYTMAKER.
Opinion of the Court.
C.
SEWALL v. RAYMAXER.
ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF OHIO.
No. 244. Argued April 20, 188.-Decided May 14, 1888.
Under the statutes of Virginia, which were in force in September, 1837, and equally under the statutes of Ohio, which were in force at that time, a deed by husband and wife conveying land of the wife, was inoperative to pass her title, unless the husband, she having duly acknowledged the deed, signified his assent to the conveyance in her lifetime by an acknowledgment in the form prescribed by law.
EJECTMENT. Judgment for defendant. Plaintiffs sued out this writ of error. The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
Mr1&. . B. latthews for plaintiffs in error.
No appearance for defendant in error.
Mm. JUSTICE HA].LAx delivered the opinion of the court.
This was an action to recover forty-two undivided one-hundredth parts of a tract of land, in the county of Fayette, State of Ohio. The answer denied that the plaintiffs, or either of them, have any estate, title, or interest in or to this land, or to any part thereof. The defendants, also, pleaded that no cause of action accrued to the plaintiffs or to either of them against him within twenty. years prior to the filing of the petition.
The bill of exceptions shows that the plaintiffs in error, after offering in evidence a patent of the United States covering the land in controversy, made proof tending to establish the following facts: The patentee, William Green 'Munford, died intestate, leaving as his only heirs, Robert Munford, John Munford, Stanhope Munford, William Green Munford, Elizabeth Munford, and Mary Munford. Three of these heirsStanhope, William Green, and Elizabeth - died early in the

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
present century, unmarried, childless, and intestate; the other three inherited the patented lands in equal shares. Margaret Ann Munford, the only heir of Robert Munford, who also died intestate, was born in the year 1800, and in 1819 intermarried with John Sinclair. She died intestate September 13, 1837, having inherited one-third of the property in controversy. Her husband died August 3, 1875. The original plaintiffs are her only heirs, and J. ]airiston Sewall is the grantee of some of the original plaintiffs for whom he was substituted as a party.
This was the case made by the plaintiffs in error who were plaintiffs below.
The defendant, to maintain the issues on his part, offered in evidence a certain deed, purporting to be a conveyance to one Cary S. Jones of the interest of John Sinclair and Margaret Ann Sinclair, his wife, in this land.
That deed is dated September 10, 1837 -three days before the death of Mrs. Sinclair - and purports to be signed by the grantors- Sinclair and wife, of Gloucester County, Virginia -and to have been "signed, sealed and delivered in presence of Wi. Robins, Richard S. Jones, and Pet. R. Nelson." Attached to it are the following certificates:

"GLOUcESTER COUNrr, tO Wit:

"We, William Robins and Peyton R. Nelson, justices of the

peace in the county aforesaid, in the State of Virginia, do

hereby certify that Margaret Ann Sinclair, the wife of John

Sinclair, parties to a certain deed bearing date on the 10th of

September, 1837, and hereunto annexed, personally appeared

before us, in our county aforesaid, and, being examined by us

privily and apart from her husband, and having the deed

aforesaid fully explained to her, she, the said Margaret Ann

Sinclair, acknowledged the same to be her voluntary act and

deed, and declared that she had willingly signed, sealed, and

delivered the same, and that she wished not to retract it.

"Given under our hands and seals this 10th day of Septem.

ber, 1837.

"WM. ROBiNS.

[SEAL.]

"P.T. R. NELSON. [sEAn.]

SEWALL v. HAYMAKER.

Opinion of the Court.

"STATE OF VIRGNTA, Gloucester County, to wit: "We, Win. Robins -Thomas Smith, justices of the peace
in the county and State aforesaid, do hereby certify that John Sinclair, a party to a certain deed bearing date the 10th day of September, 1831, and hereunto annexed, personally appeared before us in our own county aforesaid, and acknowledged the same to be his act and deed, and desired us to certify the said acknowledgment to the clerk of the counties of -, in the State of Ohio, in order that the said deed may be recorded.
"Given under our hands and seals this 14th of May, 1840.
"Wm. Romns. [SEAT.]
"TomAs SmiTH. [sEAL.]

" STATE OF VnrGINIA, Gloucester County, to wit:

"I, John R. Cary, clerk of the court of the county aforesaid,

in the State aforesaid, do hereby certify that Wm.Robins and

Thomas Smith and Peyton R. Nelson, Esquires, whose names

and seals are affixed to the within certificates of acknowledg-

ments, were, at the time of subscribing the same, justices of

the peace in and for the county aforesaid, duly commissioned

and qualified, and that due faith and credit may and ought to

be given to all their acts as such.

"In testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed my name

as clerk aforesaid and affixed the seal of the said county this

14th day of May, 1840, in the 64th year of the Commonwealth.

,,[1.. s.]

JOHN R. CARY, 6. G. .-

"STATE OF VMGINMA, Gloucester County, to wit: "I, Wim. Robins, presiding justice of the court of the county
aforesaid, do hereby certify that John R. Cary, who has given the certificate below, is clerk of the said court, and that his attestation is in due form.
"Given under my hand this 14th day of May, 1840. "WM. ROBiNs, Sen'r. [SEAL]"
The plaintiffs objected to the admission of the conveyance in evidence, upon the ground that, as it was not acknowledged or
VOL. cxxvn-46

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion ot the Court.
proven by John Sinclair until after the death of his wife, it was not sufficient and valid, as a conveyance of the latter's interest, either under the laws of Virginia., where it was executed, or under the laws of Ohio, where the land is situated. This objection was overruled and the deed admitted in evidence, to which the plaintiffs excepted. The defendant offered in evidence deeds conveying to him whatever title Cary S. Jones had, and admitted that he was in possession of the premises in controversy.
No further evidence being offered, the court charged the jury that the deed of September 10, 1837, was a valid conveyance and passed to the grantee Jones all the interest of Margaret Ann Sinclair in the premises; that the defendant, by subsequent conveyances, had become the grantee of that interest; and that he was entitled to a verdict. To this charge the plaintiffs excepted.
The act of the general assembly of Ohio, passed February 21, 1831, entitled "An act to provide for the proof, acknowledgment, and recording of deeds and other instruments of writing," was in force both when Mrs. Sinclair acknowledged the deed to Jones - September 10, 1837- and when it was acknowledged, in 1840, by her husband. Its fifth' section is in these words: "All deeds, mortgages, powers of attorney, and other instruments of writing, for the conveyance or incumbrance of any land, tenements or hereditaments, situate within this [that] State, executed and acknowledged, or proved in any other State, Territory or country, in conformity with the laws of such State, Territory or country, or in conformity with the laws of this State, shall be valid as if executed within this State in conformity with the foregoing provisions of this act." 29 Ohio Statutes, 346; 1 S. & 0.
458, 465. The statute of Virginia applicable to the case was the act
of February 24, 1819 (Revised Code, Va., 1819, p. 361), entitled "An act to reduce into one the several acts for regulating conveyances and concerning wrongful alienations."
Its first section provides: "That no estate of inheritance or freehold, or for a term of

SBWALL v. HAYMAKER.
Opinion of the Court.
more than five years, in lands or tenements, shall be conveyed from one to another unless the conveyance be declared by* writing sealed and delivered; nor shall such conveyance be good against a purchaser for valuable consideration, not having notice thereof, or any creditor, unless the same writing be acknowledged by the party or parties who shall have sealed and delivered it, or be proved by three witnesses to be his, her or their act, before the court of the county, city or corporation in which the land conveyed or some part thereof lieth, or in the manner hereinafter directed, and be lodged with the clerk of such court to be there recorded."
The fourth section provides: "All bargains, sales and other conveyances whatsoever of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, whether they be made for passing any estate of freehold or inheritance, or for a term of years, and all deeds of settlement upon marriage wherein either lands, slaves, money or other personal things shall be settled or covenanted to be left or paid, at the death of the party or otherwise; and all deeds of trust and mortgages whatsoever, which shall hereafter be made and executed, shall be void, as to all creditors and subsequent purchasers 'for valuable consideration without notice,' unless they shall be acknowledged or proved and 'lodged with the clerk to be' recorded, according to the directions of this act; but the same, as between the parties and their heirs, 'and as to all subsequent purchasers, with notice thereof, or without 'valuable consideration,' shall nevertheless be valid and binding." The fifteenth section makes specific provision for the execution and acknowledgment of deeds by husband and wife. It is as follows: "When a husband and his wife have sealed and delivered a writing, purporting to be a conveyance of any estate or interest, if she appear in court, and, being examined privily,.-and apart from her husband, by one of the judges thereof, shall declare to him that she did freely and willingly seal and deliver the said writing, to be then shown and explained to her, and wishes not to retract it, and shall, before the said court, acknowledge the said writing, so again shown to her, to be

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.

Opinion of the Court.

her act, such privy examination, acknowledgment and declara-

tion shall thereupon be entered of record in such court; and

if, before any two justices of the peace, for any county or cor-

-poration, in ' any State' or Territory of the United States ' or

of the District of Columbia,' such married woman, being

examined privily and apart from her husband, and having the

writing aforesaid fully explained to her, shall acknowledge the

same to be her act and deed, and shall declare that she had

willingly signed, sealed and delivered the same, and that she

wished not to retract it, and such privy examination, acknowl-

edgment and declaration shall be certified by such justices,

under their hands and seals, by a certificate annexed to said

writing, and to the following effect, that is to say: County or

Corporation,so: We, A. B. and C. D., justices of the peace in

the county (or corporation)aforesaid,in the State (orTerritory

or -District)of - , do hereby certify that . F., the wife of

G. H-., parties to a certain deed, bearingdate on the- day of

and hereunto annexed, personally affeared before us

in our county (or corporation)aforesaid; and being examined

by us, privily and apartfrom her husband, and having the

deed aforesaidfully explained to her, she, the said E. F, ac-

knowledged the same to be her act and deed, and declared that

she had willingly signed, sealed and delivered the same, and

that she wished not to retract it. Given under our hands and

seals this- day of -

A. . [Seal.] C./.. [Seal.]; and

such certificate shall be offered for record to the clerk of the

court in which such deed ought to be recorded; it shall be the

duty of such clerk to record the said certificate accordingly,

along with the deed to which it is annexed; and when the

privy examination, acknowledgment and declaration of a

married woman shall have been so taken in court and

entered of record, or certified by two magistrates, and de-

livered to the clerk to be recorded, and the deed also shall

have been duly acknowledged or proven, as to the husband,

and delivered to the clerk to be recorded, pursuant to the

directions of this act, such deed shall be as effectual in law, to

pass all the right, title and interest of the wife, as if she had

been an unmarried woman: Provided,however, that no cove-

SEWALL v. HAYMAKER.
Opinion of the Court.
nant or warranty, contained in such deed hereafter executed, shall in any manner operate upon any feme covert and her heirs, further than to convey effectually, from suchfeme covert and her heirs, her right of dower, or other interest in real estate, which she may have at the date of such deed."
The first section of the Ohio statute of 1831, (1 S. & C. 458,) as modified by the subsequent acts of January 29, 1833, (Id. 470,) and February 17, 1834, (Id. 694,) provides that when any man, or unmarried woman, above the age of eighteen years, "shall execute within this State, any deed, mortgage, or other instrument of writing, by which any land, tenement or hereditament shall be conveytd, or otherwise affected or incumbered in law, such deed, mortgage, or other instrument of writing, shall be signed and sealed by the grantor or grantors, maker or makers, or and] such signing and sealing shall be acknowledged by such grantor or maker in the presence of two witnesses, who shall attest such signing and sealing, and subscribe their names to such attestation, and such signing and sealing shall also be acknowledged by such grantor or grantors, maker or makers, before a judge of the Supreme Court, or of the Court of Common Pleas, a justice of the peace, notary pulic, mayor, or other presiding officer of an incorporated town or city, who shall certify such acknowledgment on the same sheet on which such deed, mortgage, or other instrument of writing may be printed or written; and shall subscribe his name to such certificate."
The second section of the same act provides: "That when a husband and wife, she being eighteen years of age or upward, shall execute, within this State, any deed, mortgage, or other instrument of writing, for the conveyance or incumbrance of the estate of the wife, or her right of dower in any land, tenement or hereditament, situate within this State, such deed, mortgage, or other instrument of writing, shall be signed and sealed by the husband and wife; and such signing and sealing shall be attested and acknowledged in the manner prescribed in the first section of this act; and, in addition thereto, thie officer before whom such acknowledgment shall be made shall examine the wife, separate and apart from her husband,

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
and shall read or otherwise make known to her the contents of such deed, mortgage, or other instrument of writing; and if upon such separate examination she shall declare that she did voluntarily sign, seal, and acknowledge the same, and that she is still satisfied therewith, such officer shall certify such examination and declaration of the wife, together with the acknowledgment as aforesaid, on such deed, mortgage, or other instrument of writing, and subscribe his name thereto."
Obviously, in view of the statutes of Ohio, the first inquiry must be whether the deed purporting to convey to Jones the interest of John Sinclair and wife if the lands in dispute was executed and acknowledged in conformity with the laws of Virginia, where that deed purports to have been made.
There has been no appearance in this court by the defendant; nor, in the examination of the questions presented, have we had the benefit of a brief in his behalf. But we are informed by the brief of the plaintiffs in error that it was claimed in the court below that neither the acknowledgment nor record of the Sinclair deed constituted parts of the deed itself, and that the effect of the want of acknowledgment was simply that defined by § 4 of the Virginia act of 1819, namely, that the deed was valid and binding as between the parties and their heirs.
We do not understand such to have been the law of Virginia in respect either to the acknowledgment or recording of deeds made by husband and wife. In .Fi'st .Nati.onalBank of .lar2 sonbrg v. Paul, 75 Va. 594, 600, the question was as to the admissibility of parol evidence to show that the privy examination of a married woman was regularly taken in the form prescribed by the statute, or that the officer taking the same, by mistake or inadvertence, omitted material statements required to be set forth in the certificate of, such examination. Referring to § 7 of c. 117 of the Virginia Code of 1873which, as we shall presently see, is substantially the same as § 15 of the act of 1819-the court said: "It will thus be seen that the statute prescribes the necessary steps to be taken preparatory to a valid relinquishment of the claim for dower.

SEWALL v. HAYMAKER.
Opinion of the Court.
The certificate must set forth her declaration and acknowledgment as prescribed by the statute; it must be on or annexed to the deed; it must be admitted to record along with the deed, and when all these requirements shall have been complied with, and not till then, the writing operates to convey from the wife her right of dower." After observing that the object of the statute was to provide a substitute for the proceeding by fine in England, which was never in force in Virginia, whereby the rights of the wife on the one band might be carefully guarded, and an indefeasible title secured on the other, the court proceeds: "As was said by Judge Tucker, (Harkins v. For yth, 9 Leigh, 301,) ' the validity of the deed is made to depend not upon the truth of the certificate, but upon its existence and its delivery to the clerk.' It is the authentic and sole medium of proving that the feme covert has acknowledged the deed with all the solemnities required by the statute." The Court of Appeals of Virginia, in the same case, quotes with approval the following language from Elliott v. Peirsol, 1 Pet. 328, 340: "What the law requires to be done and appear of record can only be done and made to appear of the record itself, or an exemplification of the record. It is perfectly immaterial whether there be an acknowledgment or privy examination in fact or not-if there be no record of the privy examination; for by the express provisions of the law it is not the fact of privy examination merely, but the recording of the fact which makes the deed effectual to pass the estate of a feme covert."
In Borer v. Roanoke .lNat. Bank, decided in 1887, (not yet in the regular reports, but reported in 4 S. E. Rep. 20, 826, 831,) the court said that "all the requirements of the statute, including recordation, as to both husband and wzffe, must be complied with, or else the wife's title does not pass." After an extended review of the statutes of Virginia relating to conveyances, beginning with the act of 1674, and including those of 1705, 1710, 1748, 1785, 1792, 1814, and 1819, the court further said: "The part of § 15, c. 99, 1 Rev. Code, 1819, prescribing the effect of acknowledgments of married women when recorded, was condensed substantially into what is now

728

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.

Opinion of the Court.

7, c. 117, Code 1873, which was "thestatute in force and applicable to the case in hand. . . . The statute is absolute; there is no room for presumptions resulting from technical rules of construction; and all its requisites must be substantially complied with, or else nothing passes by the deed of a married woman. As colony and State, such has been not only the general policy, but the unmistakable spirit and letter of the law in Virginia for over 200 years."
In view of these adjudications, it is clear that by the law of Virginia the acknowledgnent and the recording of conveyances by husband and wife of lands in that Commonwealth, in the mode prescribed by her laws, is essential to pass the estate of the wife in such lands.
The question, however, remains as to the effect of the death of Mrs. Sinclair before her *husband had acknowledged the deed. This question is by no means free from difficulty. It was suggested, in a somewhat different form, but not decided, in the case of Rorer v. Roaw7e H[at. Bank. It was there argued that if a married woman's deed only became effectual when duly admitted to record, it would result that if the wife died between the date of her acknowledgment and the recording of the deed the instrument would be wholly void. But the court said: "INot so, however, for as between the husband and the grantee the deed would be valid and binding, though as to the wife it would be inoperative - ineffectual to pass her title - until duly recorded, for it is only then that a married woman's conveyance becomes a complete transaction. But it is useless to argue this proposition as the pretended recordation in 1875 of the deed of 1861 was prior to Mrs. Rorer's death. It is sufficient to say that, if the question were presented directly for decision, it would be an exceedingly interesting one, as the authority for recordation at a time subsequent to the execution and delivery of the deed seems to rest solely upon the presumption of the wife's continuing acquiescence; and in 2 Tuck. B1. Com., Bk. 2, p. 268, the distinguished author significantly suggests the question whether recordation after the death of the wife would be effectual."
Although it was not essential, under the Ohio statute, that

SEWALL v. HAYM1AKER.
Opinion of the Court.
the deed signed by Sinclair and wife be put upon record in Virginia, we axe of opinion that upon her death it became so far as the laws of the latter State axe concerned - inoperative as a conveyance of her interest in the lands in controversy. Until the husband acknowledged it, and thereby, in the only way prescribed by statute, gave his assent to her conveying away her interest, the deed was ineffectual for any purpose. While it may not have been necessary that they should acknowledge the deed at the same time, or upon the same occasion, or before the same officer, the statute of Virginia, upon any fair interpretation of its words, and having regard to the policy which induced its enactment, must be held to have required that the acknowledgment of the husband should occur in the lifetime of the wife, while she was capable of asking his consent to the conveyance of her lands. But that assent was of no avail after the death of the wife before the husband had, by acknowledgment of the deed, signified his willingness to have her convey to Jones, under whom the defendant claims title. Upon her death the title passed to some one. It did not pass to Jones, for the reason that there was not then in existence any completed conveyance, sufficient, under the law, to!transfer her estate to a grantee. It, therefore, must have passed to her heirs, and their title could not be divested by any subsequent act of the husband. The fourth section of the Virginia statute, declaring certain conveyances to be valid and binding as between the parties and their heirs, has no application to conveyances by a wife in which the husband does not join, during her lifetime, by an acknowledgment in the modeprescribed by law.
It results that, if the admissibility as evidence of the deed to Jones depends upon its validity, under the laws of Virginia, as a conveyance of Mrs. Sinclair's interest in these lands, the court erred in not excluding it from the jury.
Was the deed executed and acknowledged in conformity with the laws of Ohio, where the lands are situated ? In other words, would the deed have conveyed the interest of Mrs. Sinclair if it had been executed and acknowledged in Ohio by the wife, in her lifetime, but not acknowledged by the

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
husband until after the death of the wife ? If so, it may be that, under the Ohio statute of 1831, the deed would be good as between the heirs of -Mrs. Sinclair and Tones; for that statute declares that a conveyance of lands in Ohio will be valid if acknowledged in conformity either with the laws of the State in which it is executed, or in conformity with the laws of Ohio.
Upon examining the statutes of Ohio -the controlling provisions of which have been referred to -and, also, the decisions of the Supreme Court of that State to which our attention has been called, we find nothing to justify us in holding that a deed for land, acknowledged by the wife, but not acknowledged by the husband in the lifetime of the wife, will pass her estate in the lands conveyed. In Ludlow v. O'3Neill, 29 Ohio St. 181, it was held- using the language of the syllabus- that "under the statute of February 22, 1831, it is not indispensable to the validity of a deed executed by husband and wife that they should acknowledge it before the same officer or at the same time and place, or that their acknowledgments should be certified by a single certificate." Yet "the acknowledgment of the wife is not binding upon her until the deed is executed and acknowledged by the husband." "The husband," the court said, "can render the wife every needed protection by himself refusing to sign and acknowledge the deed. If she acknowledge it before the husband, it is presented to him with the wife's signature and acknowledgment, and he has only to refuse to acknowledge." We are of opinion that equally under the Ohio and Virginia statutes, a deed by the husband and wife conveying the latter's land is inoperative to pass her title unless the husband - she having duly acknowledged the deed -should, in her lifetime, and by an acknowledgment in the form prescribed by law, signify his assent to such conveyance. For the reasons stated the judgment is
Reversed,with directions to granta new trial,andforfurther proceedings in conformity with law and the principles of this opinion.
MR. JUSTic, XMrimws took no part in the decision of this case.

OCTOBER TERM , 1887. Counsel for Parties.

DEWOLF v. HAYS.

APPEAL 3MOM THE CIRCUIT COURT 4 THM UN=
THE DISTEI r OF OALIFORNIA.

STATES FOR

No. 868. Submitted January 6,1888. -Deelded April 9,1888.
Upon the proofs in this ease the court finds that the settlement which the bill seeks to set aside was a prudent and fair one, made deliberately and under advice of competent counsel, and that, independently of any question of laches, no ground is shown for maintaining this suit.
TEm original suit was a bill in equity, filed :May t, 1884, by Florence W. Hays, the widow of John J. Hays, against Frank E feWolf and wife and Horace M4. Barnes, to set- aside a deed of- redi' estate from DeWolf and wife to Barnes, and to compel a conveyance to the plaintiff. Upon a hearing on pleadings and proofs, the Circuit Court. entered a decree for the plaintiff, and the defendants appealed to this court. The case is stated m the opimon.
-Mr. Benjam * F Tur.ton and _Nr1. Louis T. Bajgin for appellants, cited on the question of laches, and th presumption of acquiescence after considerable delay: lToUZenIs7 v. Reiier, 115 UT. S. 96; S&dhivan, v. Portland d .ailroad, 94 U. S."806, 812; Beau~u v. BeazuMe, 23 How. 190, Starn8 v. Page, T How. 819; Motore v. Greene, 19 How. 69; -fMar' v. lf-itmore, 21 Wall. 178, 185; Godden v. 1.hwrn44 99 U. S. 201, Badger v. Badger, 2 Wall. 87, 95, TFood v. Carpenter, 101 U. S. 185; ansda7e v. Smith, 106 U. S. 391 ; Faher v. Boodgy, I Curtis, 206, 219; Prevost v. Gratz, 6 Wheat. 481; Ehmendorfv. Taqflr, 10 Wheat. 152; Piattv. Trattier, 9 Pet. 405,416; Skans v. Paige,1 Story, 204, 217; Magner v Baird, I How. 234; HIoug v. Richardson,3 Story, 659.
.P W" aZ7ett PMips, and 2f3B. en. .oryan for appellee, cited to the same points: Allone v. Jewell, 94 U: S. 506, 512; ,ne rance Co. v. Eldrzdge,102 U. S. 545, 5417.

DEWOLF v. HAYS.
Ouinon of the Court.
Mi. .TusTioE GRA- delivered the opinion of the court.
The question upon which the decision of this case turns is one of fact ; and upon full consideration of the evidence, we are unable to adopt the conclusion of the Circuit Court.
Hays and wife and DeWolf and wife, connections by marriage and intimate friends, took up their residence in Califorma in 1871. Hays was in ill health, and DeWolf had the confidence of Hays and wife and often transacted business for them. In 1872, DeWolf and wife owned a ranch of 4160 acres in Fresno County, Califormna and at his suggestion Mrs. Hays purchased an undivided half of the tract for the price of $23,425, part of which she paid out of her separate funds, and for the rest of which she gave them her pronissory note for $10,135, secured by mortgage of the land.
It is alleged in the bill, and shown by the evidence, that afterwards DeWolf and wife, without consideration, assigned the note and mor.gage to one Haggin,.and he commenced an action of foreclosure, which was dismissed upon the plaintiff's executing and delivering to Haggin a deed of the land; that in 1877 the same was conveyed, without consideration, by Raggin to one Dinmock, and by him to :Nrs. DeWolf; and that in all these transactions Haggin, as well as Dimmook, acted as agent of the DeWolfs.
The bill alleges, and the answers deny, that the plaintiff executed and delivered the deed to Raggin "at the urgent solicitation o-her husband, who was at the time -an invalid, unable to attend to business, and who importuned the plaintiff to make said deed, urging as a reason that he was unwilling to die and leave her involved in a litigation which might result in her picuniary rum, and the plaintiff, yielding.t his entreaties and peruasmons, consented to and did makesaid deed;" and that DeWolf and wife, at the time of the execution of that deed, "well knew that the same was made by the plaintiff under the influence of her said husband and because of, his persuasion and solicitation, and was not her free and voluntary act."
In March, 1884, DeWolf and wife conveyed the land to

OCTOBER TERM,. 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
Barnes. The bill afleges that this conveyance was made "for the purpose of covering up and concealing their title to the
same, thQ better to cheat and defraud the plaintiff." The answers deny that it was made with that or any other fraudulent.or wrongful purpose.
It appears by the evidence that, at and before the time of the making of the deed to Haggin, ffrs. Hays and her husbaud had very little other property, while B1aggn and DeWolf were wealthy, and that her husband was very ill of consumption complicated with other diseases (of which he died a year afterwards) and was, as his attending physician testified, "extremely nervous and sensitive, and easily affected by almost everything surrounding him," and less fit to transact business than he had-previously been. Mrs. Hays testifies that she was induced to make the deed by the persuasions anu entreaties of her husband, who was greatly worried by the f6ear of leaving her without means in a network of legal trouble.
But the other circumstances,. preceding and attending the execution of-the deed, which are clearly established by the evidence, give a different color to the matter.
In May, 1876, Mi's. Hays brought anaction in a court of the State against :DeWolf and wife, alleging that she had been induced to make her original purchase by their fraudulent representations as to. the value of, the property, and demanding damages for the fraud, as well as that the note and mortgage might be declared void. Raggie's action to forclose the mortgage was brought in-November, 18116.
Mr- Rearden, a counsellor at. law, whose integrity and veracity are not impugned, and who had long been acquainted with Hays and wife and their affairs, and was one of her coutisel, testifies that while those two suits were pending the question of a compromise and settlement was discussed between hunself and the opposing counsel, by which of them first suggested he did*not remember; that he had conversations.on the sublect at his -offlce in San Francisco with Hays alone, and afterwards with him in the presence of his wife at their residence m Redwood; that "they stated a number

DrWOLF v. HAYS.
Opinion of the Court.
of facts which, if proved, might possibly be defences to the note and mortgage ;" that the reasons Hays gave him for wanting to settle the matter were that "they were practically without means to carry on any extensive litigation, which seemed to be opening, up, and his h:ealth was bad, and he did not want to risk his labor and time on the great uncertainties of- this business ;" and that he carefully suggested to Hays various items of the possible expenses of the ]itigation, and, among other things, that one of the pending suits "would possibly cost hiin all the way from $1500 to $2500."
It was. after Hays had talked with Rearden, that, as MNKrs. Hays testifies, he entreated her and she consented "to wipe out the whole thing, the DeWolf suit and the Haggin suit and everything, if they could just get out of it, and not continue in it at all"
Mrs. Hays further testifies that, at Rearden's request, she went without her husband to San Francisco "to see the DeWolfs m relation to this matter of the deed and the suit," an& negotiations were had at Reardeu's office between Mrs. Hays and Rearden on the one side and DeWolf and his counsel oi .the other, lasting a great part of two days, before a settlement was effected. The only evidence of any knowledge on the farb of the defendants that Mrs. Hays was acting under the influence of her.husband'is her testimony that she then told DeWolf "that she wanted to wipe out the whole thing on account of her husband's ill health, and that'she did it because it was a wife's duty, m other words, to do what he told her to do."
The terms of the settlement, as then agreed upon and some days afterwards carried out, were that the mortgage note was delivered up to Mrs. Hays, two debts of hers of about $1200 were paid by-DeWolf, and Hays and wife executed the deed conveying the land to Haggm, and a deed of release of all claims against the DeWolfs. These deeds were dated January 16, 1871; and annexed to each of them wa - 9, certificate of a notary public to its acknowledgment by Hays and wife, and that she, upon being examined apart from her husband, and madeacquainted with its contents, acknowledged her exe. cution and did not wish to retract it.

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
-Syllabus.
The plaintiff, in her present bill, filed in 188,4 does not allege any fraud or undue influence in the original transaction in 1872, by which she purchased the property and gave the note and mortgage for part of the price; but, on the contrary, claims title under that purchase, and offers to pay the amount of the mortgage note and interest, deducting any rents and profits received by the defendants. The uncontradicted testimony of well informed witnesses proves that at the time of the settlement in 18T the value of the undivided half of the land did not exceed the amount of the mortgage, -althoughit has since greatly increased because of the introduction of irrigation. In the state of facts then existing, the settlement appears to have been a prudent and fair one, made deliberately and under advice of competent counsel. Independently of any question of laches, therefore, no ground is shown for maintaining this suit.
.Decreereversed,andcase remandedto ae CircuitCourt, witk directions to dism'es the bill.
- DOO"LAH v. CARR.
.BEOR TO TEM OMOrIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOPT
DISTRICT OF CAIFORNI..
-o. 34. Argued October 24,25, i88.-Depided November 2i, 1887.
The proper Circuit Court of the United States has )urisdiction, irrespective of the citizenship of the parties, of an action in ejectment, in which the controversy turns upon the validity of a patent of land from the United States.
Want of power In an officer of the Land Office to istue a land patent may be shown in an action at law by extrinsic evidence, although the patent may be issued with aki the forms of law required for a patent of public land.
Land within the limits of a valid Mexican grant (which grant was sub judce when the grant of public land mnaid. of the Pacific :Railroads was made by the act of July 1, 1862, as amended July 2, 1864, and March 3, 1865), If found after the location of the railroads to be within the prescribed limits on either side of them, did not pass to the corporations as ,, public

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Syllabus.
ment see Barbier v., Connolly, 113 U. S. 27, Soon Hing v. Urowley, 113 U. S. 703; iJRfiouri v. Lewzs, 101 U. S. 22, 80; .iwsou, -Pa&1c Railwcay Co. v. H-anzes, 115 U. S. 512; Xic TWro v. Mopkins, 118 U. S. 356 ; l-acyes v. Jsisonr, 120 U. S. 68.
The only limitation upon this power of the State to exclude a foreign corporation from doing business within its limits, or hiring .offices for that purpose, or to exact conditions for allowing the corporation to do business or hire offices there, arises where the corporation is in the employ of the federal government, or where its business is strictly commerce, interstate or foreign. The control of sich commerce, being in the federal government, is not to be restricted by state authority.
Judgrnent affli-med.
11r. JusTicE BrADLEY was not present at the argument of this cause and took no part m its decision.
MAYN'ARD v. ILL.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME coUR OF TiHE TERRITORY OF WASHINGTON.
ITo. 194. Argued February 16,17,188.-Decded 2,arch 19, 188.
A territorial statute of Oregon, passed in 1852, dissolving the bonds of matrimony between husband and wife, the husband being at the time a resident of the Territory, was an exercise of "tle legislative power of the Territory upon a rightful subject of legislation," according to the prevaling 3udicial opinion of the country aid the understanding of the legal profession at the time rhen the act of Congress establishing the territorial government was passed, August 14, 1848, 9 Stat. 323.
The general practice iithis country of legislative bodies to grant divorces stated.
The ranting of divorces being within the competency of the legislature of the Territory, its motives in passing the act In question cannot be Inquired into. Having purlsdiction to legislate upon the status of the hus-

3.AYNARD v. HILL.
Statement of the Case.
band, he being a resident of the Territory at the time, the validity of the act is not affected by the fact that it was passed upon his application, without notice to or knoledge by his wife; who, with their children, had been left by him two years before in Ohio, under promise that he -wouldreturn or send for them within two years. Marriage is something more -than a mere contract, though founded upon the agreement of the parties. When once formed, a relation is created between the parties which they cannot change; and the rights and oblio gations of which depend not upon their agreement; but upon the law, statutory or common. It is an Institution of s6ciety, regulated and controlled by public authority. Legislation, -fherefore, affecting this institution and annulling the relation between the parties is not -within the prohibition of the Constitdtion of the United States against the impairment of contracts by state legislation. NIor Is such legislation prohibited by the last clause of Article 2 of the Ordinance of the Northwest Territory, declaring that "no law ought ever to be made or have force in said Territory that shall in any manner whatever interfere with or affect private contracts- or engagements bona .fide aud without fraud, previously formed;-"which clause was, by the organic act of Oregon, enacted and made applicable to the inhabitants of that Territory. Under the Oreg9n Donation Act, 9 Stat. 496, c. 76, the statutory grant took effect as a complete grant only on the termination of the four years' term of residence and cultivation; and the wife of a resident settling under the act as a married man, 'who was divorced from him after the commencement of his settlement, but before its completion, took no interest under the act in the title subsequently acquired by him. He had, previous to that time, no vested interest In the laud, only a possessory right, -a right to remain on the land so as to enable him t6 comply with the conditions upon which the titlewas to pass to him.
THE case, as stated by the court, was as follows:
This is a suit in equity to charge the defendants, as trustees of certain lands in King County, Washington' Territory, and compel a conveyance thereof to the plaintiffs. The lands are described as lots 9, 10, 13, and 14, of section 4; and lots 6, 7, 8, and 9, of section 5, in township 2- north, range 4 east, Willamette meridian. The case cones here on appeal from a judgnent of the Supreme Court of the Territory, sustaining the defendants' demurrer, and dismissing the complaint. The material facts, as disclosed by the complaint, are briefly these. In 1828 David S. Mtaynard and Lydia A. Mfaynard intermarried in the State of Vermont, and lived there to--

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Statement of the Case.
gether as husband and wife until 1850, when-they removed to Ohio. The plaintiffs, Henry C. Maynard and Frances J. Pa, terson, are their children, and the only issue of the marriage. David S. Maynard died intestate in the year 1873, end Lydia A. Maynard in the year 1879. In 1850 the husband left his family in Ohio and started overland for California, under a promise to his wife that he would either return or send for her and the children within two years, and that in the meantime he would send her the means of support. He left her without such means, and never afterwards contributed anything for her support or that of the children. On the 16th of September following he took up his residence in the Territory of Oregon, in that part which is -w Washington Territory, and continued ever afterwards to reside there. On the 3d of April, 1852, he settled upon and claimed, as a married man, a tract of land of 640 acres, described. in the bill, under the act of Congress of September 27, 1850, "creating the office of s'arveyor general of public lands in'Oregon, and to provide for the survey, and to make donations to settlers of the said public lands," and resided thereon until his death.
On the 22d day of December, 1852, an act was passed by the Legislative Assembly of the Territory, purporting to dissolve the bonds of matrimony between him and his wife. The act is in these words:
"An act to provide for the dissolution of the bonds of matrimony heretofore existing between D. S. Maynard and Lydia A. Maynard, his wife.
"SEo. 1. Be it enacted by the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Oregon, That the bonds of matrimony heretofore existing between D. S. Maynard and Lydia A. Maynard be, and the same are, hereby dissolved.
"Passed the House of Representatives Dec. 22d, 1852. ",B. F. HAnDiNG,
9CSpeaker of the Hfome of Re~resentadvea. "Passed the Council Dec. 22d, 1852.
"MP.. DEADoY, ccPreside'it0ound7i."

31AYNARD e. BILL.
Stateifent of the Case.
The complaint alleges that no cause existed at any time for this divorce; that no notice was given to the wife of any application by the husband for a, divorce, or of the introduction or pendency of the bill for that act in the legislative Assembly; jhat she had no knowledge of the passage of the act until July, 1853; that at the time she was not within the limits or an inhabitant of Oregon; that she never became a resident of either the Territory or State of Oregon; and that she never in any manner acquiesced in or consented to the act; and the plaintiffs insist that the Legislative Assembly had no authority to pass the act; that the same is absolutely void; and that the parties were never lawfully divorced.
On or about the 15th of January, 1853, the husband thus divorced intermarried with one Catherine T. Brashears, and thereafter they lived together as husband and wife until his death. On the 7'th of lNovember, 1853, he filed with the Surveyor General of Oregon the certificate required under the donation act of September 27, 1850, as amended by the act of the 14th of February, 1853, accompanied with an affidavit of his residence in Oregon from the 16th of September, 1850, and on the land claimed from April 3, 1852, and that he was married to Lydia A. Mvaynard until the 24th of December, 1852, having been married to her in Vermont in August, 1828. The notification was also accompanied with corroborative affidavits of two other parties. that he had within their knowledge resided upon and cultivated the land from the 3d of April, 1852.
On the 30th of April, 1850, he made proof before the reg. ister and receiver of the land office of *the Territory of his residence upon and cultivation of his claim for four years from April 3, 1852, to and including April 3, 1856. Those officers accordingly, in Mkay following, issued to him, and to Catherine T. Maynard, his second wife, a certificate for the donation claim, apportioning the west half to him and the east half to her. This certificate was afterwards annulled by the Commissioner of the General Land Office, on the groand that, as it then appeared, and was supposed to be the fact,
VOL. cxxv-13

OGTOBER TERM, 1887.
Statement of the Case.
Lydia A. Maynard, the Bxst wife, was dead, and. that her heirs were therefore entitled to half of the claim.
On a subsequent'hearing before the register and receiver, the first wife appeared, and th ey awarded the east half of the claim to her and the west -half to the husband. From this decision an appeal was taken to the Commissioner of the General Land Ofic&, and from the decision of that officer to the Secretary of the Interior. The Commissioner affirmed the decision of the register and receiver so far as it awarded the west half to the husband, but reversed the decision so far as it awarded the east half to the flirst wife; holding that neither wife was entitled to that half. He accordingly directed the certificate as to the east half to be cancelled. The Secretary affirmed the decision of the Commissioner, holding that the husband had fully complied with all the requirements of the law relating to settlement and cultivation, and was therefore entitled to the west half awarded to him, for which a patent was accordingly issued. But the Secretary also held that, at the time of the alleged divorce, the husband possessed only -an inchoate interest in the lands, and whether it should ever become a vested interest depended upon his future compliance with the conditions prescribed by the statute; that his first wife accordingly possessed no vested interest in the property. He also held that the second wife was not entitled to any portion of the claim, because she was not his wife on the first day of December, 1850, or within one year- from that date, which was necessary, to entitle her to one-half of the claim under the statute; and the plaintiffs insist that the decision of the Commissioner and Secretary in this particular is erroneous, and founded upon a misapprehension of the law
Subsequently the east half of the claim was treated as public land, and was surveyed and platted as such under the direction of the Commissioner of the General Land Office. The defendants Bill and Lewis, with full knowledge, as the bill alleges, of the rights of the first wife, located"certain land scrip, known as Porterfield land scrip, upon certain portions of the land, and patents of the United States were issued to

MAYNARD v. HILL.
Argument for Aplellants.
them accordingly, and they are applicants for the remaining portion. The compIlint alleges that the other defendant, Flagg, claims some interest in the property, but the nature and extent thereof are not stated.
Upon these facts the plaintiffs claim that they are the equitable owners of the lands patented to the defendants Hill and Lewis, and that the defendants are equitably trustees of the legal title for them. They therefore pray that the defendants may be adjudged to be such trustees, and directed to convey the lands to them by a good and sufficient deed; and for such other and further relief in the premises as to the court shall seem -meet and equitable.
To this complaint the defendants demurred on the ground that it did not state facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action. The court sustained the demurrer, and gave judgment thereon in favor of the defendants. -On appeal the Supreme Court of the Territory came to the same conclusion: that the complaint did not state a sufficient cause of action; that no grounds for relief in equity appeared upon it; and that the defendants' demurrer should be sustained. Judgment was accordingly entered that the complaint be dismissed. To review this judgment the case is brought to this court.
21r. C... HUanfordfor appellants. itr. !rnry Beardwas with him on the brief.
I. Yraynard fulfilled the law so as to acquire a donation of 640 acres, one-lralf of which enured to hbis wife Lydia, as'her donation, by the effect of the grant. Stark v. Stars,6 IValL 402; Barzeygv. Do ph, 97 U. S. 652, 656; Wlirth v. Branson, 98 U. S. 118 ; .fansas Pacftc RasTway v. Atchison, Tqpeka, and Santa Tf" .atilroad, 112 "U. S. -41-, 422; Fan Tckje v. .nevals, 106 . S. 860; Malden v. .Emvals, 114 U. S. 373; Missouri, .Zfansas, and Texas Railway v. ifansa Paci o Railway, 97 U. S. 491.
The residence and cultivation are required of the settler only. His wife's title is completed when his is. TFan -Doyf v. Ois, 1 Oregon, 153; Fance v. Burbank, 101 U. S. 520;

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Argument for Appellants.
.Daveiortv. Xamb; 13 Wall. 418; YIall v. 1?usse4 101 U. S. 503.
Where -a bana, de settlement under the preemption laws is made and those laws are fulfilled, the right of the claimant re]ates back to the date of the settlement, and cuts off intervening claims. In case of two conflicting donations arising after the grant, it seems quite clear that thed st settler, all other things being equal, would have the better right. The title wtiuld relate back to the date of settlement. This proposition is and has been accepted by the local courts of Oregon, both the state and United States courts. Lee v. Surnmers, 2 Oregon, 260,266; -Dol7p v. Barney, 5 Oregon, 190, 201; Ohlapma v. SltooZ- District, Deady, 108, 113; Iamb v. .Davenjort, 1 Sawyer, 609, 632; Adams v. Burke, 3 Sawyer, 415.
I. As to the effect of the divorce law, if valid, upon the rights of Lydia, it is pertinent to remark that it did not attempt to deal with her donation, and it appears to be settled on principle that it could not have defeated the donation if the attempt had been made. We should not give it, fherefore, an effect not only not intended, but impossible.
She had no notice of the proceedings of the legislature, no day in court to reply or reject, and if her property rights could be affected by those proceedings, she was entitled to notice under the fifth amendment of the Constitution of the United States, which provides that: "No person shall . . be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law." As to what is "due process of law," see Stuart v. Palmer, '174 N. Y. 183, 191; Cooley on Const. Tim. 355.
But that statute was invalid, and the court below erred in deciding that it was valid, as will be seen on examining the current of the decisions in the courts of the United States.
Starr -v. Pease, 8 Conn. 541, decided in 1831, is usually cited as the leading case on the side of the validity of legislative divorces. But the divorce in question in that case was not legislative, but judicial, although it was granted by the legislature. The record shows that the legislature in that case acted m a judicial capacity and proceeded strictly according to judicial forms, just as Parliament always has in grant-

MA&YNARD 1. HILL.
Argument for Appellants.
Ing divorces. (See the divorce act recited in the report of the case.) That decision does not maintain that the granting of a divorce is a legislative function, or that the marriage tie of a particular couple is a .righo'aZsubject of legislation, but it does hold that prior to the adoption of the state constitution of 1818 the legislature of Connecticut possessed all power, legislative and judicial, with only a few limitations; that the constitution of 1818 is not a grant of power, but a limitation of the powers previously belonging to the several branches of the government; that the legislature was not by that constitution divested of the power, which previously belonged'to it, of granting divorces.
Tfr2ght v. NFrig2t, 2 Maryland, 429; . . 56 Am. Dec. 7923, decided in December, 18529, and C'onwe v. Cronise, 5Penn. St. 255, decided in 1867, are very similar to the case of ,Starrv. Pease. They hold that in those two States the legislatures, having prior to the adoption of their constitutions possessed power to grant divorces, still have the same power, except as curtailed or limited by those instruments. In the latter case it was held that the legislature could not grant a divorce in any case in which the courts would have jurisdiction.
In Bingham v. .iller, 17 Ohio, 445; 5. . 49 Am. Dec. 471, decided in 1818, the court emphatically decided the granting of divorces to be a judicial and not a legislative function, and that the legislature had no power to grant a divorce in any case, but out of regard for supposed unpleasant consequences to people not parties to the suit if effect should be given to the law, the court gave judgment as if the law were the reverse of what the court found.
Cranev. .fTeginnis, 1 G. & J. 463;' S. . 19 Am. Dec. 237, decided in 1829, was a suit to recover alimony awarded by an act of the legislature granting a divorce to the wife. Judgment was given for the defendant.
Townsend v. Grifl, 4 ]arrington (Del.) 440, decided in 1846, was a suit to enforce a judgment lien by creditors of the husband against the wife's land after a divorce by the legislature of Delaware. The court refused to give plaintiffs the relief sought, but having doubts as to the validity of the divorce act refrained from deciding that question.

OCTOBER TERI, 1887.
Axgument for Appellants.
In Gaines v. Gaines, 9 B. Mon. 295, S. C 48 Am. Dec. 425, decided in 1848, pending a suit for a divorce and alimony, the legislaturo granted a divorce at the husband's instance. After the husband's death the wife claimed dower and the wife's share of slaves and personal property, and thus brought in question the validity of the divorce act. Thh court declined to decide the question as to its effect upon the persons,.but held it to be inoperative to divest property rights, even the inchoate right of dower.
In A da=ev. .Pal7mr,51 Maine, 480, decided in 1863, the court held a divorce granted by the legislature of Maine in 1846, with the consent of both parties, each of whom soon afterwards contracted new marriage relations, to be valid.
In Cabe v. C'ael, 1 M[et. (Ky.) 319, decided in 1858, the divorce drawn in question was granted by the legislature with the consent of both parties. Reld valid.
iJaguirev. Xaguibe, TDana, 181, decided m 1838, has been often cited as a case upholding the validity of a legislative divorce, but the only point actually decided in that case was that, under the then existing laws of Kentucky, the courts had no 3urisdiction of a suit by a wife for a divorce- against her husband, he being at the time not a resident of the State and absent therefrom.
Although these cas~s are sometimes cited as upholding the doctrine that divorces in this country by special legislative acts are constitutional and Valid, they do -not support that doctrine, but rather bear in the opposite direction. In connection with some of these cases Judge Story has .said "that marriage, thoagh it be a civil institution, is understood to constitute a solemn obligatory contract between the parties; and it has been arguendodenied that a state legislature constitutionally possesses ajithority to dissolve that contract against the will and without the default of either party." And in a note on this passage Judge Cooley adds: "Such has been the view of state courts in oeneral." 2 Story Const. 4th ed. § 1397.
State v. Rry, 4 Missouri, 120, decided in 1835, was a suit in the name of the State to the use of Gentry and wife against a guardian of the wife's estate. The defeudant pleaded in de-

IAYNARD v. HILL.
Argument for Appellants.
fence a special act of the legislature divorcing the plaintiffs. A demurrer to this plea was sustained by the court on the ground that the act was void. The report of the case contains the exhaustive and able arguments of counsel on both sides, showing the case to have been well presented. Able opinions were rendered by two of the justices, thoroughly discussing all the points bearing upon the validity of such acts and holding them to be void.
The case has since been followed and reaffirmed in that State by Bryson v. C/ampell, 12 Missouri, 498, decided vn 1849, Bryson v. Byson, 17 Missouri, 590, decided in 1853; and by .Bryson v. Biyson, 44 Missouri, 232, decided in 1869.
la '. v. Clark7, 10 N. H. 380; S. C7. 3- Am. Dec. 165, decided in 1839, is a strong decision holding that marriage is , contract indissoluble except for misconduct sufficient to work a forfeiture of rights, and that a divorce can be granted only in a regular judicial proceeding.
It is to be noted that the alleged divorce now under consideration was by an act of a territorial legislature, and there is a broad distinction, therefore, between this case and all the cases arising under legislation by States. The following is a list of the cases we have found in which the validity of a divorce granted by special act of a territorial legislature has come in question in other jurisdictions: Ponder-v. Graham,4 Florida, 23, decided in 1851; Levins v. Sleator, 2 Green (Iowa), 604, decided in 1850; C7houtea v . Xtagennis, 28 Missouri, 187, decided in 1859; .Estateof Higbee, deceased, 5 West Coast Rep. 505, decided in 1885.
A majority- of these cases - that is, all of them except the Iowa case - deny that a territorial legislature has the power to grant a divorce, and we invite a comparison of the opinions in these different cases. It will be found that the Iowa decision is based upon premises and assumptions which must have been avoided if more than a most careless or -superficial examination of the sub3ect had been given by the court, and the sentiments expressed are un-American. throughout, while the opinions in the Florida, Missouri, and Utah cases are based upon sound and incontrovertible arguments, and express only the

OCTOBER TERM, 1887'.
Airgument for Appellants.
most wholesome American ideas of government. It is to be noted that prior to the passage of the organic act of Oregon Territor~, in 1848, no divorce granted by a territorial legislature had been upheld in any reported case.
There are many other cases containing a vast amount of obiter dicta,for and against the validity of legislative divorces,' but as the point was not necessary to be considered in the decisions rendered, they cannot be regarded in the light of authority. The American authors and commentators who have discussed the question, except Mr. Bishop, condemn the practice and deny that divorce is a rightful subject of legislation. Judge Cooley says that "the general sentiment in the legal profession is against the rightfulness of speolal legislative divorces." Cooley Const. Iam. 4th ed. 113. (Marginal.) That the American people generally concur with the legal profession on this subject is evidenced by the fact that most of the state constitutions expressly prohibit special legislative divorces.
In 1826 Congress annulled several special acts of divorce passed, by the legislature of the Territory of Florida (4 Stat.
16T, § 14), whereupon Chancellor Kent remarks : "This is an
instance of a strong national condemnation of the practice of granting legislative divorces." 2 Kent Coin. 405, note a, 4th ed. And his opinion of the action of Congress was concurred in by the Supreme Court of Florida in the case of Pon-derv. Graham,4 Florida, 44.
But even if the authorities were otherwise and practically unanimous, as the court below supposed we maintain that the practice of granting divorces by spevial legislative acts. without the consent or fault of or notice to either party, is wrong; that all decisions to the contrary are erroneous, and that error oft repeated does not thereby become right, especially when all the time met by counter-decisions.- Moreover, the question is to be determined by the law of Oregon, and not by the law of any of the States.
Although the power to grant divorces in England belongs to and has been exercised by.Parliament, it does not follow that similar power belongs to the legislatures of the States;

MAYNARD v. HILL.
Argument for Appellants.
and although the latter may have the .power, it does not follow that similar power is possessed by the legislatures of any of the Territories, for, as we shall show presently, the latter have only the powers expressly delegated to them by Congress. This point is made clear in Ponder v. Grahl am, Florida, 33. See also ffilourn v. Tomyson, 103 U. S. 183.
A divorce cannot be righo'ulygranted in any case without cause. To ascertain and declare the existence of sufficent cause in a particular case is not a legislative but a judicial function, and judiciil power is not given to the legislature, but is vested in the courts by the section of the orgamc act above cited.
By the fourteenth section of the organic law of Oregon Territory the inhabitants thereof were granted all the rights, privileges, and advantages secured to the people of the 1orthwest Territory by, and subjected to all the conditions and restrictions and prohibitions of, the articles of compact contained in the ordinance of 1787. That ordinance provides that, "in the just preservation of rights and property, it is understood and declared that no law ought ever to be made or have any force in the said territory that shall Muany manner interfere with or affect private contracts or engagements, bona ide.and without fraud, previously formed." Gen. Laws, Oregon, 59.
Lydia A. Tkhynard, at the time of the passage of the act, was not within the Territory of Oregon, and being separated from her husband, in fact without her fault, she was not affected by his change of domicile, but remained as he left her, domiciled in Ohio. Such being the case, an act, passed without notice to her and without her consent, is void as to her. Cheely v. Clayton, 110 U. S. '[01, '05; People v. Baker, 76 INT. Y. 78. The supposed act of divorce, being void for want of power in the legislature, could acquire no vitality or become valid-by the mere failure of Congress to disapprove and annul it. Congress had doubtless adjourned on M'larch 3,1853, before a copy of the laws reached Washington. Lydia did not hear of the transaction for over six months after its date, and Catharine was married to Afaynard on the 15th of January, 1853.
Congress has exercised its power of annulling territorial

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Argument for Appellants.
statutes but sparingly, and there are many reasons- for this other than a deliberate intention to acquiesce. Members of Congress have neither the time nor inclination to study the different enactmentsof the territories or perform the amount of labor necessary to the passage of bills to annul the bad ones; and it is preferable to leave the people to legislate for themselves so long as the courts are open and free to pronounce void all such acts as are in violation of the Constitution or laws of the United States and such as the legislatures have no power to pass.
The courts have pronounced many territorial statutes void long after they have taken effect, although Congress had failed to annul them. We will cite an instance of recent occurrence: In 1883 the legislature of Washington Territory passed an act extending the elective franchise to women. Under this act women voted, were elected to and filled public offices, and served as grand and petit jurors, and judgments were rendered upon their presentments and verdicts, and afterwards, in 1887, the supreme court of Washington Territory, in the case of Blar1lndv. The Trritory,13 Fac. Rep. 453, held this statute void for want of a good title to express its object, as r~quired by the organic act of the Territory, although Congress had failed to annul the act. This decision was rendered by a divided court,-but it has since been reaffirmed by.a unanimous decision of the cour as now constituted.
In _Dunphy v. EfemsmitA and -Duer,11 Wall. 610, this court, iu effect though not in words, held the civil practice act of Montana void, although it had been in operation in that Territory several years, and had not been disappr6fed by Congress.
See also Pander v. G-aham (above cited), in which case it is shown that evefi by an affirmative approval Congress could not make such an act valid, because Congress has no judicial power except as specified in the Constitution. and coula not itself grant a divorce. This argument is conclusive on th6 point, and it is supported by the decision of this court in Xilbour v. Thwmpson, 103 U. S. 192. This latter case also contams a perfect answer to the suggestion of the court below,

MAYNARD v. HILL.
Opinion of the Court.
that the proceedings of the legislature in a matter affecting individual rights cannot be reexamined in the courts at the suit of the injured party.
In conclusion, we submit that this was an act of gross injustice to a blameless woman and her children, and the judgment of the court below sustaining it ought to be reversed.
.X. Walter H. Smitk for appellee.
mii. JUsTIOE YJ UiEa, fter stating the .case, delivered the opinion of the court.
As seen by the statement of the case, two questions are presented for our consideration: first, was the act of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Oregon of the 22d of December, 1852, declaring the bonds of matrimony between David S. Iaynard and his wife dissolved, valid and. effectual to divorce the parties, and, second, if valid and effectual for that purpose, did such divorce defeat any rights of the wife to a portion of the donation claim.
The act of Congress creating the Territory of Oregon, and establishing a government for it, passed on the 14th of August, 184=8, vested the legislative power and authority of the Territory in an Assembly, consisting of two boards; a Council and a House of Representatives. 9 Stat. 323, c. 177, § 4. It
declared, § 6, that the legislative power of the Territory should
"extend to all rightful subjects of legislation not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of the United States," but that no law should be passed interfering with the primary disposal *ofthe soil: that no tax should be imposed upon the property of the United States; that the property of non-residents should not be taxed higher than the property of residents; and that all the laws passed by the Assembly should be submitted to Congress, and if disapproved should be null and of no effect. It also contained various provisions against the creation of institutions for banking purposes, or with authority to put into circulation notes or bills, and against pledging the faith of the people of the Territory to any loan. These exceptions from the grant-of legislative power have no bearing upon the

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
questions presented. The grant is made in terms similar to those used in the act of 1836, under which the Territory of Wisconsm was organized. It is stated in Cinton v. .Engk,brecht, 13 Wall. 434, 444, that that act seemed to have received full consideration; and from it all subsequent acts for the organization of territories have been copied, with few and inconsiderable variations. There were in the Kansas and Nebraska acts, as there mentioned, provisions relating to slavery, and in some other acts provisions growing out of local circumstances. With these, and perhaps other exceptions not material to the questions before us, the grant of legislative power in all the acts organizing territories, since that of Wisconsin, was expressed in similar language. The power was extended "to all rightful subjects of legislation," to which was added in some of the acts, as in the act organizing the Territory of Oregon, "not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of the United States," a condition necessarily existing.in the absence of express declaration to that effect.
What were "rightful subjects of legislation" when these acts organizing the Territories were passed, is not to be settled by reference to the distinctions usually made between legislative acts and such as are judicial or administrative m their character, but by an bxamination of the subjects upon which legislatures had been in the practice of acting with the consent and approval of the people they represented. A long acquiescence in repeated acts of legislation on particular matters, is evidence that those matters have been generally considered by the people as properly within legislative control. Such acts are not to be set aside or treated as invalid, because upon a-careful consideration of their character doubts may arise as to the competency of the legislature to pass them. Rights acquired, or obligations incurTed under such legislation, are not to be impaired because of subsequent differences of opinion as to the department of government to which the acts are properly assignable. With special force does this observation apply, when the validity of acts dissolving the bonds of matrimony is assailed, the legitimacy of many children, the peace of many families, and the settlement of many estates depend-

IAYNARD v. HILL.
Opinion of the Court.
ing upon its being sustained. It will be found from the history of legislation that, whilst a general separation has been observed between the different- departments, so that no clear encroachment by one upon the province of the other has been sustained, the legislative department; when not restrained by constitutional provisions and a regard for certain fundamental rights of the citizen which are recognized in this country as the basis of all government, has acted upon everything within the range of civil government. Ioa Aesocatiom v Toekz, 20 Wall. 655, 663. Every subject of interest to the community has come under its direction. It has not merely prescribed rules for future conduct, but has legalized past acts, corrected defects in proceedings, and determined the status, conditions, and relations of parties in the future.
Mfarriage, as creating the m9st important relation in life, as having more to do with the morals and civilization of a people than any other institution, has always been subject to the control of the legislature. That body prescribes the age at -which parties may contract to marry, the procedure or form essential to constitute marriage, the duties and obligations it creates, its effects upon the proper.y rights of both, present and prospective, and the acts which may constitute grounds for its dissolution.
It is conceded that to determine the propriety of dissolvingthe marriage relation may involve investigations of a judicial nature which can properly be conducted by the judicial tribunals. Yet such investigations are no more than those usually made when a change of the law is designed. They do not render the enactment, which follows the information obtained, void as a judi6ial act because it may recite the cause of its passage. M[any causes may arise, physical, moral, and intellectual - such as the contracting by one of the parties of an incurable disease like leprosy, or confirmed insanity or hopeless idiocy, or a conviction of a felony -which would render the continuance of the marriage relation intolerable to the other party and productive of no possible benefit.to society. When the object of the relation has been thus defeated, and no jurisdiction is vested in the judicial tribunals to grant a divorce,

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
it is not perceived that any principle should prevent the legislature itself from interfering and putting an end to the relation in the interest of the parties as well as of society. If the act declaring the divorce should attempt to intefere with rights of property vested in either party, a different question would be presented.
When this country was settled, the power to grant a divorce from the bonds of matrimony was exercised by the Parliament of Englan4. The ecclesiastical courts of that country were limited to the granting of divorces from bed and board. Naturally, the legislative assemblies of the colonies followed the example of Parliament and treated the subject as one within their province. And until a recent period legislative divorces have been granted, with few exceptions, in all the States. Says Bishop, in his Treatise on Mkfarriage and Divorce"The fact that at the time of the settlement of this country legislative divores were common, competent, and valid in England, whence our jurisprudence was derived, makes them conclusively so here, except where an invalidity is directly or indirectly created by a,-written constitution binding the legislative power." § 664. Says Cooley, in his Treatise on Constitutional Limitations "The granting of divorces from the bonds of matrimony was not confided to the courts in England, and from the earliest days the colonial and state legislatures in this country have assumed to possess the same power over the subject which was possess6d by the Pailiament, and. from time to tilie they have passed special laws delaring a dissolution of the bonds of matrimony in special cases." p. 110. Says Kent, in his dommentaries: "During the period of our' colonial government, for more than one hundred years preceding the Revolution, no divorce took place in the colony of New York, and for imny years after'New York became an independent state there was not any lawful mode of dissolving a marriage in the lifetime of the parties but by a special act of the legislature." -2 Kent Com. 97. The same fact is stated in numerous decisions of zhe highest courts of the States. Thus, in C'onise.v.Cromse, 54 Penn. St. 255, 261, the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania said: "Special divorce laws

MAYNARD v. HILL.
Opinion of the Court.
are legislative acts. This power has been exercised from the earliest period by the legislature of the province, and by that of the State, under the constitutions of 1776 and 1790. . . The continued exercise of the power, after the adoption of tlM constitution of 1790, cannot be accounted for except on the ground that all men, learned and unlearned, believed it to be a legitimate exercise of the legislative power. This belief is further strengthened by the fact that no judicial decision has been made against it. Communis errorfaoit jus would be -sufficient to support it, but it stands upon the higher ground of contemporaneous and continued construction of the people of their own instrument." "In Cranev. -Negmiis,1 G. and T. 463, 414, the Supreme Court of :Maryland said: "Divorces in this State from the earliest times have emanated from the .General Assembly, and can'now be viewed in no other light than as regular exertions of the legislative power."
In Stone v. Pease, 8 Conn. 511, decided in 1831,-the question arose before the Supreme Court of Connecticut as to the validity of a legislative divorce under the constitution of 1818, which provided for an entire separation of the legislative and judicial departments. The court, after stating that there had been a law in force in that State on the subject of divorces, -passed 130 years before, which provided for divorces on four grounds, said, spealing by Mr. Justice Daggett: "The law has remained in substance the same as it was when enacted in 1667. During all this period the legislature has interfered like the Parliament of Great Britain,, and passed special acts of divorce a vinculo natrimwni,.; and at almost every session since the Constitution of the United States went into operation, -nowforty-two years, and for thirteen years of the existence of the constitution of Connecticut, such acts have been, in multiplied cases, passed and sanctioned by the constituted authorities of our State. "Weare not at liberty to inquire into the wisdom of our existing law on this subject, nor. into the expediency of such frequent interference by the legislature. We can only inquire into the constitutionality of the act under consideration. The power is not prohibited either by the Con-

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
stitution of the United States or by that of the State. In view-of the .appalling consequences of declaring the general law of the State or the repeated acts of our legislature unconstitutional and vciid- consequences easily conceived but not easily expressed, such as bastardizing the issue and subjecting the parties to punishment for adultery- the court should come to the result only on a solemn conviction that their oaths of office and these constitutions imperiously demand it. .Feeling myself no such conviction, I cannot pronounce the act void." It is to be observed that the divorce in this case was granted on the petition of the wife, who alleged certain criminal intimacies of her husband with others, and the act of the legislature recited that her allegation, after hearing her and her husband, with their witnesses and counsel, was found to be true. The mquiry appears to have been conducted with the formality of a judicial proceeding, and mght undoubtedly have been properly referred to the judicial tribunals, yet the Supreme Court of the State did not regard the divorce as beyond the competency of the legislature.
The same doctrine is declared in' numerous other cases, and positions similar to those taken agains.t the validity of the act of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory, that it was beyond the competency of a legislature to dissolve the bonds of iiatrimony, have been held untenable. These decisions justify the -conclusion that the division of government auto three 'departments, and the implied inhibition through.that cause upon the legislative department to exercise judicial functions was neither intended nor understood to exclude legislative control over the marriage relation. In most of the States the same legislative practice on the subject has prevailed since the adoption of their constitutions as before, which, as Mir. Bishop observes, may be regarded as a contemporaneous construction that the power thus exercised for many years was rightly
exercised. The adoption of' late years in.many constitutions of provisioifs prohibiting legislative divorces would also indicate a general conviction that without this prohibition such divorces might be granted, notwithstanding the separatior of the powers of government into departments by which judiial

MAYNARD v. HILL.
Opinion of the Court.
functions are excluded from the legislative department... There are, it is true, decisions of State courts of hig6 character, like the Supreme Court of Massachusetts and of Missouri, holding differently; some of which were controlled by the peculiar language of their state constitutions. Syarkawk v. Sparhaivk, 116 Mass. 315; State v. B'y, 4 Missouri, 120, 138. The weight of authority, however, is decidedly in favor of the position that, in the absence of direct prohibition, the power over divorces remains with the legislature. -We are, therefore, justified in holding-more, we are compelled to hold, that the granting of divorces was a rightful subject of legislation according to the prevailing judicial opinion of the country, and the uniderstanding of the profession, at the time the organic act of Oregon was passed by Congress, when either of the parties divorced was at the time a resident within the terntonal jurisdiction of the legislature. If *within the competency of the Legislative Assembly of .the Territory, we cannot inquire into its motives in passing the act granting the divorce; its will was a sufficient reason for its action. One of. the parties,- the husband, was a resident within the Territory, and as lu) acted soon afterwards upon the dissolution an& married again, we may conclude that the act was passed upon his petition. If the Assembly possessed the power to grant a divorce in any case, its jurisdiction to legislate. upon his statds, he being a resident of the Territory,. is undoubted, unless the anarriage was a contract within the prohibition of the rferal Constitution against its impairment by legislation, or withir the terms of the ordinance of 1-781, the privileges of which were. secured to the inhabitants of Oregon by their organic act, questions which we will presently consider.
The facts alleged in the bill of complaint, that no cause existed for the divorce, and that it was obtained without the kmowledge of the wife, cannot affect the validity of the act. Knowledge or ignorance of parties of intended legislation does.-not affect its validity, if within the competency of the legislature. The facts mentioned as to the neglect of the husband to send to his wife, whom he left in Ohio, any means for her support or that of her children, in disregard -of his prom-
VOL. CxxV-14

OCTOBER TER31, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
ise, shows conduct meriting the strongest reprobation, and if the facts stated had been brought to the attention of Congress, that body might and probably would have annulled the act. Be that as it may, the loose morals and shameless conduct of the husband can have no bearing upon the question of the existence or absence of power in the Assembly to pass the act.
The organic act extends the legislative power of the Terntory to all rightful subjects of legislation "not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of the United States." The only inconsistency suggested is, that it impairs the obligation of the contract of marriage. Assuming that the prohibition of the federal Constitution against the impairment of contracts by state legislation applies equally, as would seem to be the opinion of the Supreme Court of the Territory, to legislation by territorial legislatures, we are clear that marriage is not a contract within the meaning of the prohibition. As was said by Chief Justice tarshall in the .Dartmouthi. ('oZlege Case, not by way of judgment, but in answer to objections urged to positions taken. "The provision of the Constitution never has been understood to embraee other contracts than those which respect property or some- object of value, and confer rights which may be asserted in a court of justice. It never has been understood to restrict the general right of the legislature to legislate on the subject of divorces." 4 Wheat. 029. And in Butle v. Pennsylvanza,10 How. 402, where the question arose whether a reduction of the pe' diem. compensation to certain canal commissioners below that originally provided when they took office, was an impairment of a contract with them, within the constitutional prohibition, the court, holding that it was not such an impairment, said- "The contracts designed to be protected by the tenth section of the first article of that instrument are contracts by which perfearetght , certain,deflnite,f=t.pedpivateTightsof roperty are vested." p.416.
It is also to be observed that, whilst- marriage is often termed by text writers and in decisions of courts a civil contract-generally to Indicate that it must be -foundedupon the agreement of the paties, and does not require any religious ceremony for its solemnization-it is something move

M1AYNARD v. HILL.
Opinon of the Court.
than a mere contract. The consent of the-parties is of course essential to its existence, but when the contract to marry is executed by the marriage, a relatign between the parties is created which they cannot change. Other conrracts may bs modified, restricted, or enlarged, or entirely released upon the consent of the parties. :Not so with marriage. The relation once formed, the law steps in and holds the parties to various obligations and liabilities. It is an institution, in the maintenance of which ints purity the public is deeply interested, for it is the foundation of the family and of society, without which there would be neither civilization nor progress. This view is well expressed by the Supreme Court of Maine in .Adams v. Padmer, 51 Maine, 481, 483. Said ihat "court, speaking by Chief Justice Appleton:
ti When the contracting parties have entered into the mar-
ried state, they have not so much entered into a contract as into a new relation, the rights, duties, and obligations of which rest not upon their. agreement, but upon the general 'law of the State, statutory or common, which defines and prescribes those rights, duties, and obligations. They are of law, not of contract. It was of contract that the relation should be established, but, being established, the power of the parties as to its extent or.duration is at an end. Their rights under it are determined by the will of the sovereign, as. evidenced by law. They can neither be modified nor changed by any agreement of 'parties. It is a relation for life, and the parties cannot terminate it at any shorter period by virtue of any contract they may make. The reciprocal rights arising from this relation, so long-as it continues, are such as the law determines from time to time, and none other." And again -" It is not, then, a contract within the meaning of the clause of the Constitution which prohibits the impairing the obligatign of contracts. It is, rather, a social relation, like that of parent and child, the obligations of which arise not from the consent of concurring minds, but are'the creation of the lawi itself; a relation the most important, as affecting the happiness of individuals, the first step from barbarism to incipient civilization, the purest tie of social life and the true

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
basis of human progress." pp. 484, 485. And the Chief Justice cites in support of this view the case of .faguire v. -Maguire,'7 Dana; 181, 183, and .Diso v. .Dion,4 R. I. 87, 101. In the first of these the Supreme Court of Kentucky said that marriage was.more thaii a.contract; that it was the most .eleientary and useful of all the sooal relations, was regulated and controlled by tbe sovereign power of the state, and could not, like mere contracts, be dissolved by the mutual consent of the contracting parties, but might be abrogated by the sovereign will whenever the public good, or justice to both parties, or either of the parties, would thereby be subserved, that beig .more than a contract, and depending especially upon .the sovereign will, it was not embraced by the constitutional inhibition of legislative acts impairing the obligation of contracts. In the second case the Supreme Court of Rhode Island said that "marrage,in the sense in which it is dealt with by a decree of divorce, is not a contract, but one of the domestic Telations. In strictness, though formed by contraqt, it signifies the relatitn of husband and wife, deriving both its rights and duties from. a source higher than any contract of which the parties are capable, and as to these uncontrollable by any contract which they can make. When formed, this relation is no more a contract than ' fatherhood' or I sonship' is a contract."
In aiade v. _falbjkischc, 58 I. Y. 282, 284. the question came before the Court of Appeals of New York whether an action for breach of promise of marriage was an action upon a, contract within the meaning of certain provisions of the Revised Statutes of that State, and in disposing of the question the court said: "The general statute, ' that marriage, so far as its validity in law is concerned, shall continue in this State a civil contract, to which the consent of parties, capable in law of contracting, shall be essential is not decisive of the question.' 2 R. S. 138. This statute declares it a civil contract, as distinguished from a religious sacrament, and makes the element of consent necessary to its legal validity, but its nature, attributes, and distinguishing features it does not interfere with or attempt to define. It is declared a civil contract for certain

MAYNARD v. HILL.
Opi ion of the Court.
purposes, but i+is not thereby made synonymous with the word contract employed in the common law or statutes. In this State, and at common law, it ma-y be entered into by persotis respectively of fourteen and twelve. It cannot be dissolved by the parties when consummated, nor released with or without consideration. .The relation is always iegulated by government. It is more than a contract. -It requires certain acts of the parties to constitute marriage independent of and beyond the contract. It p rtakes more of the character of an institution regulated and controlled by public authority, upon principles of public policy, for the benefit of the cQmnunity."
In YMe v. Ewing, 9 Indiana) 37, the question was before the Supreme Court of Indiana as to the competency of the legislature of the State to change the relative rights of husband and wife after marriage, which led to a consideration of the nature of marriage; and the court said: "Some confusion has arisen from confounding the contract to marry with the marriage relation itself. And still more is engendered by regarding husband and wifM as strictly parties to a subsisting contract. At common law, .marriage as a status had few elements of contract about it. For instance, no other contract merged the legal existence of the parties into one. Other distinctive elements will readilv suggest themselves, which rob it of most of its characteristics as a contract, and leave it snply as a sta.u or institution. As such, it is not -o much the result of private agreement, as of public ordination. In every enlightened goverAnent, it is prefminently the basis of -civil institutions, and thus an object of the deepest public concern. In this light, marriage is more than a contract. It is not a mere matter of pecuniary consideration. It is a great public institution, giving character to our whole civil polity." pp. 49-50. In accordance with these views was the judgment of Mr. Justice St6ry. In a note to.the chapter on marriage, in his work on the _Conffict of Laws, after stating that he had treated marriage as a contract in the common sense of the word, because this was the light in which it was ordinarily viewed by jurists, domestic as well as foreign, he adds: " But it appears to me to be something more than a mere contract. It is rather to be

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Court.
deemed an institution of society, founded upon consent and contract of the parties, and m this view it has some peculiarities in its nature, character, operation and extent of obligation, different from what belong to ordinary contracts." § 108 n.,
The 14th section of the organic act of Oregon provides that the inhabitants of the territory shall be entitled to all the rights, privileges, and advantages granted and seemed to the people of the territory of the United States northwest of the river Ono by the articles of compact contained in the ordinance of July 13, '1787, for the government of the territory The last clause of article two of that ordinance declares "that no law ought ever to be made or have force in said territory that shall in any manner whatever interfere with or affect private contracts or engagements 7onafie and without fiaud, previously formned." This -clause, though thus enacted and made applicable to the inhabitants of Oregon, cannot be construed to operate as any greater restraint upon legislative interference with contracts than .the provision of the federal Constitution. It was intended, like that provision, to forbid the passage of laws which would impair rights of property vested under private contracts or engagements, and -can have no. application to the marriage relation.
But it is contended that Lydia A. Mfaynard, the first wife of David A. Mfaynard, was entitled, notwithstanding the divorce, to the east half of the donation claim. The settlement, it is true, was made by her husband as a married man in order to secure the 640 acres in such7 case granted under the donation acs. 9 Stat. 96; c. 76. But that act conferred the title of the land only upon the settler who at the time was a resident of the Territory, or should be a resident of the Territory before December 1, 1850, and who should reside upon and cultivate tle land for four consecutive years. The words of the act, that "there shall be, and hereby is, granted to every white settler or occupant," is qualified by the condition of four yearse residence on the land and its cultivation by him. The settler does not become a grantee until sucla residence and cultivation have been had, by the very terms of the act. Until then he has only a promise of a title, what is sometimes vaguely called

MAYNARD v. HILL.
Opinion of the Court.
an inchoate interest. In some of the cases decided at the circuit, the fourth section-of the act was treated as constituting a grant in paneenti, subject to the conditions of continued, residence and cultivation, that is, a grant of a defeasible estate. Adarms v. Bu'ke, 3 Sawyer, 415, 418. But this view was -not accepted by this court. In Hal v. 1msell, 101 U. S. 503, the. nature of the grant was elaborately considered, and it was held that the title did not vest 'in the settler until the conditions were fully performed. After citing- the language of a previous decision, that "it is always to be borne in mind, in construing a Congressional grant, that the act by which it is made is a law as well as a conveyance, and that such effect must be given to it as will carry out the intent of Congress," the court said: "There cannot be a grant unless there is a grantee, and consequently there cannot be a present grant unless there is a present grantee. If, then, the law making the grant indicates a future grantee and not a present one, the grant will take effect m the future and not presently. In all the cases in whibh we have given these words the effect of an immediate and present transfer it will be found that the law has designated a grantee qualified to take according to the terms of the law, and actually in existence at the time. Conung then to the present case, we find that the grantee designated was any qualified-' settler or occupant of the public lands . . . who shall have resided upon and cultivated the same for four consecutive years, and shall otherwise conform to the provisions of the act.' The grant was not to a settler only, but to a settler who had completed the four years of residence, &c., and had .otherwise conformed to the act. Whenever a settler qualified himself to become a grantee he took the gTant, and his right to a transfer of the legal title from the United States became vested. But until he was qualified to take, there was no actual grant of the soil. The act of Congress made the transfer only when the settler brought himself within the description of those designated as.grantees. A present right to occupy and maintain possession, so as to acquire a complete title to the soil, was granted to every white person in the Territory, having the other requisite qualifica-

OCTOBER TERM, 1887.
Opinion of the Conr.
tdons, but beyond this nothing passed until all was done that was necessary to entitle the occupant to a grant of the land." In anc v. urbank, 101 -U. S. 51, 521, the doctrine of the previous case was- reaffirmed, and the court added: "The statutory- grant was to the settler, but if he was married the donation, when perfected, inured io the benefit of himself and his wife in equal parts. The wife could not be a settler. She got nothing except through her-husband."
When, therefore, the act was passed divorcing the husband and wife, he had no vested interest in the land, and she could have no interest greater than his. Nothing had then been acquired by his residence and cultivation which gave him anything more- than a mere possessory right; a right to remain on the land so as to enable hni to comply with the conditions upon which the title was to pass to him. After the divorce she had no such relation to him as to confer upon her any interest in the title subsequently acquired by him. A divorce ends all rights not previously vested. Interests which might vest in time, upon a continuance of the marriage relation, were gone. A wife divorced has no right of dower in his property; a husbaiid divorced has no right by the curtesy in her lands, unless the statute authorizing the divorce specially confers such right.
It follows that the wife was not entitled to the east half of the donation claim. To entitle her to that half she must have continued his wife during his residence and cultivation of the land. The judgment of the Supreme Court of the Territory must therefore be affirmed, and it is so ordered.
M.P_ JusTiop MATTnws and ]-u. JusTiE Gr&Y dissented.
MNcJfU. sTicE BnADL-u was not present at the argument and took no part in the decision.

