OCTOBER TERMI, 1889.
Syllabus.
MILLER v. TEXAS AND PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
WORRALL v. TEXAS AND PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
DUNLAP v. TEXAS AND PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPAN-Y.
APPEALS FROM-X THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS.
Nos. 737, 867, 865. Submitted January 2,1889. - Decided January 6, 1890.
1., a citizen of Texas, made his will there June 7 1848, by which he devised all his property including the real estate in controversy, (1) to is wife for twenty-one years after his death; (2) after that to his offspring, child or children by his said wife; (3) in the event of the death of his wife without offspring by him, to the children of Af. by M'.s then wife, who was a sister of R.'s wife; (4) in the event of the death of the offspring which he might have by his wife, to his wife for life. AL was named as executor of the will. 1. died January 10, 1850, leaving surviving his wife and an infant son. This son was born after the making of the will and died in 1854. The will was duly proved by the executor shortly after R.'s death. About six months after R.'s death his widow married F., by whom she had several children. Two years after the probate of the will F and his wife commenced proceedings to have the vill declared null and void on the ground that the property was communal property. In these proceedings the executor was defendant, and a guardian ad litem was appointed for the infant, and such proceedings were had therein that in October, 1852, a decree was entered, declaring the will to be null and void, and setting it aside; Held, (1) That the devise to the children of Al. was a contingent remainder, to vest only in case of the death of the testator's wife without offspring by him, and limited after the fee which was primarily given to the testator's child; (2) That, the executor being a defendant and appearing and answering, and the infant son being represented by a guardian ad literm, and the executor being interested on behalf of his own children that the will should stand, (if that was of any consequence,) all the necessary parties were before the court to sustain the decree; (3) That the decree could not be attacked collaterally and was binding on the children of M.
McArthur v. Scott, 113 U. S. 340, distinguished from this case. A contingent interest in real estate or an executory devise is bound by ju-

MILLER v. TEXAS AND PAC. RAILWAY.
Syllabus.
dicial proceedings affecting the real estate, where the court has before it all parties that can be brought 'before it in whom the present estate of inheritance is vested, and the court acts upon the property, according to the rights that appear, without fraud. In Texas an equitable claun of title to real estate is equally available with a legal one. In Texas, the holder of a head-right certificate could locate it upon a tract of public land, and then abandon the location and locate it upon another tract, and, in such case the abandoned tract became thereby again public land, subject to location by other parties. From the evidence it would appear that the Rutledge certificate wich is in controversy in this case was in the land office in Texas on or before August 1, 1857, in compliance with the requirements of the act of the Legislature of Texas of August 1, 1856. 1 Paschal's Digest, 701, art. 4210. By the act of the legislature of Texas of April 25, 1871, 2 Paschal's Digest, 1453, arts. 7096-7099, it was provided that a certificate of location and survey of public lands, not on file at the passage of that act, and not withdrawn for locating an unlocated balance, should be returned to and filed in the office within eight months thereafter, or the location and survev should be void, Held, that in the absence of clear proof that a valid located certificate was not on file there within the statutory time, the court would not raise such a presumption in favor of another title, superposed upon the land at a time when the certificate was valid and possession was enjoyed under it. The practice of locating land certificates upon prior rightful locations is not favored by the laws of Texas. The failure of the holder of a head-right certificate in Texas to complete his title, by complying with statutory provisions in regard to the filing of his certificate, enures to the benefit of the State alone. In Texas the rights of a subsequent locator, having actual notice of a prior location, are postponed to the superior rights of the prior locator, although the subsequent location may have passed into a patent. The provisions in the constitution and laws of Texas respecting the location of land certificates., reviewed. In Texas land certificates are chattels, and may be sold by parol agreement and delivery the purchaser and grantee thereby acquiring the right to locate a certificate and to take out a patent in his own name and to his own use. The failure, in a certificate of acknowledgment of a deed of the separate property of a married woman in Texas, to state that she was examined apart from her husband, cannot be supplied by proof that such was the fact. In Texas an habendum to a deed running "to have and to hold to him the said" grantee, " his heirs and assigns forever, free from the just claim or claims of any and all persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim the same," imports a general warranty and estops the grantor and ins heirs from setting up an adverse title against the grantee. On the facts the court holds that the statute of limitations of Texas is a complete bar to the claims set up by the complainants, both in the original bill and in the cross-bills.

OCTOBER TERI, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
IN EQmTrY. The suit, as it was commenced in a state court in Texas, was an action of trespass, but, on its removal to the Circuit Court of the United States, a repleader took place on the equity side of the court. The original bill and the crossbills were dismissed, from which decree this appeal was taken. The case is stated in the opinion.
.U F G ikrormis for Miller and others, appellants.
Xr J H. _Hor9phs for Worrall and others, appellants.
-lUr Sawnse Robertson for William Dunlap, Virlinda ]V. Tilney, joined with her husband, R. P Tilney, John Graham, Mary C. Cook and John Cook by his next friend Mary C. Cook, appellants in No. 868, and appellees in 73T, and 867.
Mr A. . Lathrop for the Texas and Pacific Railway Company, appellee.
Mm. JusrioE BuADLEY delivered the opinion of the court.
This suit was originally an action of trespass to try title, brought in March, 1884, in the District Courf of Tarrant County, Texas, by William L. Foster and his children, William D. Foster and others, against Elizabeth J Daggett and her husband, E. B. Daggett, and The Texas and Pacific Railway Company, The Missouri Pacific Railway Company, The Fort Worth and Denver Railway Company and The Gulf, Colorado and Santa F6 Railway Company, to recover possession of 320 acres of land in the city of Fort Worth. Much of the land in question is laid out m streets and covered with buildings, and nearly 100 acres of it is occupied by the said railroad companies, or some of them, for their tracks, station houses, freight depots, shops, etc. The plaintiffs claimed title as heirs at law of one Thomas P Rutledge, through Eliza A. Foster, wife of William L. Foster, and mother of the other plaintiffs, who had been the wife and widow of said Rutledge, and mother of his only son, deceased. The defendants filed answers, claiming the lands under an alleged purchase from Rutledge of his headright certificate under which the lands were located, and also under an independent title derived by purchase from the heirs

lIILLER v. TEXAS AND PAC. RAILWAY. 665
Opinion of the Court.
of one John Childress, and also by long and undisturbed possession. No patent for the lands had ever been granted on the Rutledge title, which was older than the Childress title, but a patent was granted on the latter m June, 1868 so that the various clains under the Rutledge title were of an equitable character, which, m the Texas jurisprudence, is equally available with the legal title.
In October, 1884, Thomas H. Miller and others, children of one Alsey S. Miller, intervened in the suit as plaintiffs, claiming the same land as devisees of Thomas P Rutledge.
On the 20th of April, 1885, William Dunlap and others filed their petition in the suit, claiming one-half interest in the lands as heirs-at-law of Adaline S. Worrall, wife of one I. R. Worrall, and on the 23d of March, 1886, Martha R. Worrall and others intervened as plaintiffs, claiming the other half interest in the lands as heirs-at-law of said Adaline, through the said I. R. Worrall. The Dunlaps and the Worralls claim under the same right, and allege that Adaline S. Worrall became entitled to the lands by purchase from the heirs of John Childress, and that, on her dying without issue in 1870, her brothers and sisters, represented by William Dunlap and others, inherited one-half of her interest, and her husband, I. R. Worrall, represented by his mother, Martha R. Worrall, and others, inherited the other half.
In December, 1885, the original plaintiffs, William L. Foster and his children, took a non-suit, and were dismissed out of the case, leaving three sets of claimants to the land, to wit (1) the original defendants, the Daggetts and the railroad companies, who were in possession, claiming under all the titles, (2) Thomas It. Miller and others, claiming as devisees of Thomas P Rutledge, (3) the Dunlaps and the Worralls, claiming under John Childress, through Adaline S. Worrall.
In March term, 1886, the last set of claimants, William Dunlap and others, and Martha R. Worrall and others, who were citizens of other states than Texas, removed the proceedings into the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of Texas, and in that court a repleader took place on the equity side of the court. Thomas H. Miller

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
and others, claiming as devisees of Rutledge, filed a bill to maintain their alleged equitable title to the land, and made the other parties defendants, who all filed answers, and the intervenors, Dunlap and others and Worrall and others, also filed separate cross-bills, to which the other parties filed answers. The court below dismissed both the original and crossbills, and this appeal is brought from that decree.
The land in question, when the titles set up by the complainants originated in 1852 and 1868, was of small value, but having become the site of a portion of the city of Fort Worth, and of an important railroad centre, it has acquired a very great value, and is the subject of earnest litigation.
The Rutledge title originated under a head-right for 320 acres of land in Texas, granted in October, 1846, to Thomas P Rutledge as an emigrant, by the board of land commissioners of Gonzales County, where he then resided. It is alleged by the defendants, and proof was adduced to show, that Rutledge sold this certificate to one Matthew Brinson in or about 1848, and that Brmson sold it to one M. T. Johnson in 1851. It was located by Johnson (in Rutledge's name) on the premises in dispute in 1851 or 1852, and a survey in pursuance of such location was made January 8, 1852, by A. J Lee, deputy surveyor for the Robertson Land District. It had previously been located on lands in Fannin County, but the evidence shows (as we think) that that location was abandoned, and that the location on the lands in dispute took the place of it.
The following is the copy of the survey made by Lee, to wit
"THE STATE OF TExAs, Robertson Land .Distrtc "I have surveyed for Thomas P Rutledge 320 acres of land situated in Tarrant County, about I-of a mile S. E. from l'ort Worth and 5, miles S. 44 W from Birdville, by virtue of his head-right certificate No. 134, class 3rd, issued by the board of land comm'rs for Gonzales County on the 12th day of October, 1846"Beginning at the S. E. cor. of W W Warnell's 1280 sur.,

MILLER v. TEXAS AND PAC. RAILWAY.
Opinion of the Court.
now in the name of R. Briggs, at a stake, whence a hackberry 2 m. di. brs. S. 67 E. 77 vs. and an elm 2 in. di. brs. N. 68 W m the head of a hollow, thence west 1344 vs. to said Warnell's S. W cor., a stake and mound in prairie, thence south 1344 vs. to a stake and mound in prairie, thence east 1344 vs. to a stake and mound in prairie, thence north 1344 vs. to the place of beginning.
"Surveyed the 8th day of January, 1852. "A. J LBE, D S. R. Z. -D., " MEicEr FArn & T. I. JoHnSon, C7amners."
This survey was. duly recorded in the records of the land district and filed in the General Land Office of the State, but no patent was issued upon it.
'The tract thus surveyed was an exact square of 1344 varas, or 1244j yards on each side. One E. h1. Daggett located another tract of 320 acres somewhere in the same neighborhood, and in the year 1853 or 1854 he made an exchange with Johnson for the lot in question, and in June, 1855, Johnson executed to Daggett a deed, of which the following is a copy to wit.
"TH STATE OF TEXAS, Count~y of Tarrant "Know all men by these presents that I, M. T. Johnson, of the state and county aforesaid, for and in the consideration of the three hundred and twenty acre land certificate issued by the board of land commissioners of Shelby county, in the name of E. i. Daggett, class 3rd, and as deeded to me by said Daggett this day, I have bargained, sold, and aliened unto the aforesaid E. i. Daggett all and singular the head-right certificate of T. P Rutledge, and I warrant and defend the right and title of said head-right to his heirs or legal representatives free from myself and heirs, &c., and place E. i. Daggett forever in full ownership, the said head-right being located near Fort Worth, bounded on the east by a survey in the name of i. T. Johnson, a colony certificate, and on the west by a survey made of Jennings, and on the north by a survey in the name of Rebecca Briggs, all to be divested from me,

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.

Opinion of the Court.

my heirs or any person claiming the same, and placing E. M.

Daggett, his heirs or legal representatives, m full ownership

of the same forever.

"Given under my hand and seal this 23d day of June, A.D.

1855.

"A. T. Jouxsow. [L. s.]

"Attest JuLIAN FIELD.

"JomT P SMTr."

This deed was duly proved and recorded on the 30th day of March, 1857. Daggett, according to the weight of the testimony, went into possession of the land. in 1854, prior to the date of the deed, built upon and improved it, and occupied it as his homestead, (with the exception of such portions
as he sold or leased to other parties,) until his death April 19th, 1883. The defendants Elizabeth J. Daggett and her husband claim portions of the land under the will of said E. M. Daggett, and the railroad companies clan other portions as his grantees; and both allege that the possession of
said E. IM.Daggett and of themselves under him has been continuous for nearly thirty years prior to the commencement of the suit, namely, from the time when said Daggett first took possession of the land in 1854, and that such possession has been under a deed duly registered from the time the said deed was given by Johnson to Daggett.
T. H. Miller et al., the complainants, deny that IRutledge ever sold Ins head-right certificate to Brinson, or any one else, and claim that its location on the land in question enured to the benefit of Rutledge alone, and to themselves as his devisees, under a will made by hin on the 7th of June, 1848. That will is in evidence. By it, Rutledge devised, first, all his property to his wife, Eliza A. Rutledge, for twenty-one years
after his death, and after giving some directions about certain. specific personal property, devised as follows:
"Fifth. I direct that after the expiration of twenty-one years from and after my death, all of my estate, both real and personal, shall be owned and enjoyed by my offspring or child or children by my said wife.

T2fILLER v. TEXAS AND PAC. RAILWAY. 669
Opinion of the Court.
"Seventh. In the event of the death of my said wife without offspring by me at her death which may survive her, I direct that all of my estate, real and personal, shall be owned equally by the children of Alsey S. Miller which may survive me, which he may have by his present wife.
"Eighth. In the event of the death of the offspring which I may have by my said wife, I direct that my said wife shall have all of my estate, both real and personal, for and during her life.
"CNinth. I do appoint the said Alsey S. Miller, of said county and state, my executor of this my last will and testament."
Rutledge died on the 10th of January, 1850, leaving surviving him his wife, Eliza A. Rutledge, and an infant son, William M. Rutledge, who was born after the making of the will, but who died in 1854, about six years of age. Eliza A. Rutledge, after her husband's death, married William L. Foster in July, 1850, by whom she had several children, and died in February, 1881.
The will was regularly proved m April, 1850, by Alsey S. Miller. the executor, whose wife was a sister of Eliza A. Rutledge, and whose children were the devisees in remainder named m the will. It will be seen that the said remainder was a contingent one, to vest only in case of the death of the testator's wife without offspring by him. It was also limited after the fee which was primarily given to the testator's child.
More than two years after the probate of the will, proceedings were instituted by William L. Foster and his wife Eliza A. Foster, in the District Court of Gonzales County, having the proper jurisdiction, to have the will declared null and void. Alsey S. Miller, the executor, was made defendant, and the court appointed S. B. Conley guardian ad litem for William Ml. Rutledge, the infant child of the testator. The petition for nullfty of the will alleged that the property of the deceased was community property, that the will was made before the birth of the child, that the disposition made was contrary to law, and trammelled with illegal and embarrassing conditions. It further stated that the executor had faithfully performed

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
his trust, had paid all debts of the estate, and was ready to close it. The executor filed an answer, admitting the allegations of the petition, and not opposing its prayer. The guardian ad literm filed an answer, leaving the matter under the control of the court to act in its wise discretion as to justice should seem meet. The court thereupon made a decree as follows:
"Saturday, October 23d, 1852.
"Came all the parties by their att'ys, and S. B. Conley, Esq., guardian ad literm for the minor, W M. Rutledge, and the matters and things being all before the court by the pleading and record evidence therein, the same was submitted to the court, and, being heard, it is ordered, adjudged, and decreed by the court that the will of the deceased, Thomas P Rutledge, made on the 7th June, 1848, and admitted to probate on the 29th April, 1850, be, and the same is hereby, declared to be null, void, and of no effect, and that the same be in all things set aside and held for naught. It is further ordered, adjudged and decreed that the said Eliza Ann Foster, as relict of said Rutledge, deceased, and the said W M. :Rutledge, minor, be entitled to take, receive and hold all the property of said deceased jointly between them as heirs-at-law, be the same real, personal or mixed, and subject to the action of the county court of Gonzales County as to distribution after the debts are paid and estate closed by the report of the executor, whose acts under the will are not impaired by this decree, and that said court is required to make the yearly allowance to the said Eliza Ann Foster, in accordance with law and the order of said county court. It is further ordered and adjudged that the executor, out of the funds of the estate, pay the costs herein expended, and that this decree be duly certified to the county court for observance."
If this decree is valid, it disposes of the claim of the complainants, Thomas H. Miller and others, which is based on the devise of the will. The precise question came before the Supreme Court of Texas in the recent case of Thomas I.

MILLER v. TEXAS AID PAC. RAILWAY.
Opinion of the Court.
Miller et al. v. W L. Fosteret al., (not yet reported,) and was decided against the contention of the appellants, Miller et al. The Commission of Appeals held that the decree of nullity was valid, and that all the necessary parties were before the court when it was rendered. This decision was approved by the Supreme Court.
It is contended by appellants that the decision in the case of -facArthur v Scott, 113 U. S. 340, is adverse to this view But a careful examination of that case will show that this is not correct. The decree settmig aside the will in that case was held not to be binding upon certain grandchildren of the testator, not born when it was passed, because their interests (which were executory) were supported by a legal trust estate in the executors, which was not represented in the proceedings. INo trustee of that estate was made a party The executors had resigned their office, and the court had accepted their resignation and no new trustee had been appointed in their stead, as might have been done. There was no party in the case to represent the will, or the interests created by it, or the legal estate which supported those interests. This was the special ground on which the decision in -MacArthur v Scott was placed, as is fully expressed in the opinion.
In the present case the executor was a defendant in the proceedings instituted for avoiding the will, and appeared and filed an answer, and the infant son of Rutledge, who was devisee in fee of the whole estate after the termination of his mother's interest, was represented in the proceedings by a guardian ad litem. Moreover, if the circumstance is of any consequence, the executor was interested on behalf of his own children that the will should stand, -as they were the principal devisees in remainder. We think that the Supreme Court of Texas was right in holding that all the necessary parties were before the court. We are also of opinion that the decree avoiding the will cannot be attacked collaterally, and that it is binding on the appellants, Thomas H. Miller and others. The entire estate was represented before the court, a particular estate in the widow, and the fee simple remainder in the infant son. The interest of the appellants, Thomas H.

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
Miller and others, as devisees under the will, was a mere contingent interest, a mere executory devise. In such a case it is sufficient to bind the estate in judicial proceedings to have before the court those in whom the present estate of inheritance is vested. Lord Redesdale's authority on this point is decisive. In Gifar'dv Hort, 1 Sch. & Lef. 386, 408, he says: "Where all the parties are brought before the court that can be brought before it, and the court acts on the property according to the rights that appear, without fraud, its decision must of necessity be final and conclusive. It has been repeatedly determined that if there be tenant for life, remainder to his first son in tail, remainder over, and he is brought before the court before he has issue, the contingent remainder-men are barred." In another part of the same opinion Lord Redesdale said "Courts of equity have determined on grounds of high expediency that it is sufficient to bring before the court the first tenant in tail in being, and if there be no tenant in tail in being, the first person entitled to the inheritance, and if no such person, then the tenant for life." Ib. ibid. These propositions are substantially repeated in his Treatise on Pleading, 173, 174, where he adds, "Contingent limitations and executory devises to persons not in being may in like manner be bound by a decree against a person claiming a vested estate of inheritance, but a person in being claiming under a limitation by way of executory devise, not subject to any preceding vested estate of nheritanceby whtch -it may be defeated,must be made a party to a bill affecting his rights." In the present case, it is true, some of the children of Alsey S. Miller were in being at the time of the proceedings in question (1852), but there was a "preceding vested estate of inheritance," by which their executory devise might be defeated, namely, the estate vested in the infant child of Thomas P Rutledge, who was a party to the proceedings. We are of opinion that the bill of Thomas H. Miller and others was properly dismissed by the court below
The complainants in the cross-bills, William Dunlap and others, and Martha R. Worrall and others, claim the lands under the other source of title, that of John Childress, and, to avoid the effect of the defendants' claim under the Rutledge

:MILLER v. TEXAS AND PAC. RAILWAY. 673
Opunon of the Court.
certificate, they deny that it was assigned by Rutledge to Brinson, or by Brinson to M. T. Johnson, deny that it was ever lawfully located on the land in question, and aver, that if it was ever properly located thereon, it became void by noncompliance with the land laws of Texas.
The Childress title arose in the following manner John Childress, a brother-in-law of the late Mr. Justice Catron, and brought up in his family, was an early emigrant to Texas under the patronage of his uncle, Sterling C. Robertson, empressario of a colony on the Brazos River. His first visit to Texas was in 1834, and in 1836 he took his wife and two children with him, namely, John W Childress and George R. Childress. Though numbered among the colonists of Mr. Robertson, for some reason he failed to obtain any valid grant of land, though undoubtedly entitled to one. lHe died in Texas in the fall of 1837. By an act of the legislature of Texas, passed February 13, 1860, the Commissioner of the Court of Claims was authorized to issue to the heirs of John Childress a land certificate for one league and one labor of land (amounting to about 4605 acres). His widow had, in the meantime, married one M iles Johnson, by whom she bad a daughter named Mary As the act of the legislature was expressed to be for the benefit of the heirs of John Childress, it would seem that no interest in the grant enured to the said Mary On the 9th of March, 1860, a land certificate was issued by the Commissioner of the Court of Claims to the heirs of John Childress as authorized by the act. It was procured by, and delivered to, a lawyer of Austin by the name of John A. Green, who was employed by Judge Catron on behalf of the heirs to attend to the business. The heirs, John W Childress and his brother George, seem to have been of a roving disposition. John appeared at Austin in December, 1860, and, supposing that his brother George, who had not been heard from recently, was dead, he gave Green a power of attorney to locate the said certificate in the following manner, namely, one-third for the benefit of his brother George, if he should be alive, and if not, then for John's own benefit, one-third for the benefit of Green, as a compensation for his services, and
VOL. c x=--43

OCTOBER TERMI, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
onethird for the benefit of one John 0. St. Clair, to whom John W Childress had sold his own share. No location of the certificate was made until after the war.
In May, 1867, Green sold his one-third of the certificate to Doctor I. R. Worrall, of Austin. The deed given cannot be found, but it is alleged on the part of William Dunlap and others, and Martha R. Worrall and others,, that it was given to Worrall's wife, Adaline S. Worrall, under whom they claim. The deed, as above said, is lost, and the records of Tarrant County were destroyed by fire in the spring of 1876, but Mr. Furman, a lawyer of Fort Worth, had, before the fire, made an abstract of titles from the county records, and in that abstract he finds, amongst other things, (1) a transfer from John W Childress to John A. Green, conveying one-third of the grantor's interest in the Childress certificate, filed October 8th, 1868 (date not given), (2) a transfer of the same interest from John A. Green to Adaline S. Worrall, dated May 15th, 1867, filed October 12th, 1868. In addition to this evidence, in the deed from Dr. Worrall and his wife to E. M. Daggett, dated September 30th, 1869, and hereafter to be mentioned, it is recited that the land in question (conveyed by that deed) was the separate property of said Adaline S. Worrall. We think, therefore, that it may be regarded as proven that the deed for the one-third of the Childress certificate, given by John A. Green in M ay, 1867, was given to Adaline S. Worrall, though Green himself says that he has no recollection to that effect, and that all his transactions were with Dr. Worrall himself.
On the 28th of January, 1868, Dr. Worrall presented to the county surveyor of Tarrant County the following application for a survey, to wit
"Ausri, JW'y 28th, 1868.
"County Surveyor, Tarrant County, Texas
"Sir By virtue of certificate No. 186, issued by W S. Hotchkiss to Jno. Childress' h'rs, now in your office, you will please survey for me 1,806,336 sq. vs. (320 acres) of land about one mile S. E. of Fort Worth, being the same land heretofore

MILLER v. TEXAS AND PAC. RAILWAY. 675

Opinion of the Court.

surveyed in the name of T. P Rutledge, the field-notes of

which are hereby adopted as a full description of this survey"

Beginning at the S. E. cor. of A. Briggs's survey and S. W

corner of B. F Crowley's and running so as to embrace and

include all the vacant land connected with said point. That is

the said Rutledge survey

11 R. WoimAL."

A survey was made accordingly on the top of the Rutledge survey by adopting the notes of the same, and the county surveyor certified it as follows, to wit "I, A. G. Walker, county surveyor for Tarrant County, do hereby certify that the survey designated by the foregoing plot and field-notes was this day made by me by adopting field-notes of the survey which was made, as above stated, the 16th January, 1852, and which I believe to be correct, and that the same is upon s'd survey which is in the name of T. P Rutledge, certificate No. 134, class 3rd, issued by the board of land commissioners of Gonzales County the 12th day of October, 1846." Dated "this 28th day of May, 1868." On the 17th of June, 1868, a patent was issued on this survey to "the heirs of John Childress, deceased, their heirs and assigns."
It thus appears that the Ohildress survey, under which the complainants in the cross-bills claim title to the land in dispute, was purposely made by Dr. Worrall on the top of the Rutledge survey, under which Daggett had been in possession of the land for thirteen years. Of course such a title cannot be maintained unless the survey made under the Rutledge certificate was void. It is contended that it was void, first, because the certificate had been located on other lands in Fannin County, before its location on the lot at Fort Worth. This is true. Rutledge had procured a conditional head-right certificate for 320 acres as early as March 20th, 1839, from the board of land commissioners of Washington County, and had in March, 1846, procured a survey under it for 320 acres in Fannin County, which was duly examined and approved, and filed in the General Land Office, but was afterwards endorsed as forfeited for non-return of unconditional certificate by 1st

OCTOBER TERAI, 1889.
Opnon of the Court.
August, 1857. Rutledge seems to have abandoned this survey, and in October, 1816, obtained a new certificate in Gonzales County, as before stated, under which the survey in Fort Wbrth, Tarrant County, was made. It was permitted to a settler to abandon one location and adopt another. Indeed, the new certificate and location operated as an abandonment of the first, and the land became public land again, subject to location by other parties. In .MGinpsey v. Ramsdale, 3 Texas, 344, the court sustained a survey made after a former survey under the same head-right had been abandoned, the judge who delivered the opinion saying "If the question was a new one, I should feel strongly inclined to deny the right of Ramsdale to have raised his former location, but the practice commenced with our land system, and to upset it now, would disturb land titles to an incalculable extent." We do not think that the location of Rutledge's head-right in Fannin County was sufficient to prevent his obtaining a new certificate and a location in Tarrant County, unless he had sold or otherwise disposed of the lands in Fannin County There is no proof in the case that he had done so, although one of the witnesses, Nance, who resides in Fort Worth, testifies that in September, 1859, being in Austin, and having understood that Daggett could not get his land patented, he inquired of Mr. White, the then commissioner of the General Land Office, why he could not, and the reason given was, that the conditional certificate had been issued long before and had been long before located in Fannin County by another man, to whom it belonged. But as there is no proof of this fact in the record, except the said hearsay testimony, we must conclude that this ground of objection to the Rutledge location is not sustained.
We do not deem it necessary to take particular notice of the Cass County location under the Rutledge certificate, which seems to have been abandoned, or of the survey under the William Sparks certificate, which was fully satisfied by other locations, and was never set up as establishing any right to the property in dispute. These documents may for the time have deterred the commissioner of the General Land Office from granting a patent to Daggett, but we do not see that they

MILLER v. TEXAS AND PAC. RAILWAY. 677 Opinion of the Court.

present any insurmountable obstacle to the validity of the

survey made by Johnson.

Another ground urged for maintaining that the said location

was void when the Childress location was made is, that the un-

conditional certificate was withdrawn from the General Land

Office and not returned within the time required by law

The old wrapper in which it had been folded, and which also

contained the survey, was endorsed with the words, "forfeited

for non-return of unconditional certificate by 1st Aug. 1857."

And yet there was another still older memorandum in pencil,

faint and partly obliterated, which read thus "Unconditional

certificate withdrawn by Mif. T. Johnson

Dec. 14, '57,

for relocation." A. B. McGill testifies that he was a clerk in

the General Land Office from 1859 to 1866, except a short

period towards the close of the war, and was chief clerk from

1865 or 1866 to 1870, that the endorsement, "forfeited for

non-return of unconditional certificate by 1st Aug. 1857," is in

his handwriting, and was written when he was chief clerk,

that the other endorsement, "unconditional certificate with-

drawn by M. T. Johnson

Dec. 14, '57, for relocation,"

is in the handwriting of Robert M. Elgin, who was chief clerk

of the said office in 1857, and until the close of the war, that

only the commissioner and chief clerk were authorized to

make such memoranda or endorsements on the files , that he

(McGill) had no recollection of having seen the pencil memo-

randum at the time of making his endorsement in ink, that

from the appearance of the endorsements he would say that

the pencil endorsement was made prior to the time when he

(McGill) made the endorsements in ink referred to.

Joseph Spence, formerly commissioner of the land office,

testifies as follows, to wit.

"I was commissioner of the land office in 1868. The first

knowledge that I had of the Thomas P Rutledge survey in

Tarrant County was after the Childress survey had been made

and returned. Dr. I. R. Worrall controlled the Childress sur-

vey and was anxious to get a patent upon it. Upon examina-

tion of the Childress survey, it was ascertained to cover the

Thomas P Rutledge survey Mr. A. B. McGill, who was

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
chief clerk of the land office, referred to me both the Chil. dress and the Rutledge papers, with the information that the Rutledge certificate was not found among the papers of the file. We then together examined the papers, but failed to find the certificate. I remarked to him that we had better not patent until further investigation. Shortly afterwards Dr. Worrall insisted upon the patent issuing on the Childress certificate, and we, not finding the Rutledge certificate, determined to issue the patent on said Childress certificate, and did SO.),
This evidence shows that the Rutledge certificate was not in the land office, or could not be found therein, in 1868, when the Childress patent was issued, and when undoubtedly McGill, the chief clerk, made the endorsement testified to by him. But it fails to prove that it was not in the office on the 1st of August, 1857. The endorsements on the back of the certificate itself show that it was filed in the office October 4th, 1852 (probably at the same time with the survey), and across its face, in red ink, is written "Registered and approved Dec. 11, 1857'." (Signed) "Jas. 0. Illingsworth, omnm'r of Claims." This memorandum, in connection with the old pencil memorandum on the wrapper, "Withdrawn by M. T. Johnson
Dec. 14, '5,"shows that, at that time, December, 185T, Johnson, who was undoubtedly acting for Daggett, was attending to the final authentication of the Rutledge certificate and survey, by getting it approved by the commissioner of claims, and that, for some reason, not now disclosed, he carried it away with him. [The presentation of the certificate to the commissioner of claims, and its registry by him, were made in pursuance of an act passed August 1st, 1856, which created the said officer, and required all land certificates (with certain exceptions) to be presented to him for registry within two years, or to be forever barred from location, surveys and patent.] The whole evidence, taken together, instead of showing, as supposed by McGill in 1868, when he made the endorsement on the wrapper, that it had not been returned to the office by the 1st of August, 1857, rather shows that it was never removed from the office until December, 1857. How long it

MILLER v. TEXAS AND PAC. RAILWAY.

I79

Opinion of the Court.

was then detained does not appear. We infer from the testimony that it was in the office in 1867. The official land map of Tarrant County was made in that year, and the land in question was marked and designated as the T. P Rutledge survey, and so continued until 1873. This would hardly have been done if the certificate had not been in the office. When it was taken out of the office, after that, does not appear, probably it was taken out by iDaggett for some purpose and neglected to be returned, as it was shown that he was very careless about his papers. J P Smith, a lawyer of Fort Worth, and administrator of Daggett, testifies that in 1879 or 1880 he was counsel for him in a suit of Turner's heirs against hn for a community interest under their grandmother, flag-
gett's wife, (who bad died in 1871,) and he wanted the certificate in question, and, not finding it in the land office, he had Daggett search for it, and Daggett found it in his own safe and gave it to Smith, who, after keeping it two or three days, carried it to Austin by Daggett's authority, and handed it to the commissioner of the land office, and requested him to have it returned to its proper file in the office.
The laws which gave importance to the locality or place of deposit of the certificate were an act of the legislature of Texas passed August 30th, 1856, and another act passed April 25th, 1871. Paschal's Dig., Vol. I, Art. 4210, p. 701, and Vol. II, Arts. 7096-7099, p. 1453. The first of these acts declared "that all owners or holders who have conditional certificates now located, or surveys upon lands, shall return to the General Land Office the unconditional certificates, together with the fieldnotes of the same, on or before the first day of Augmst, 1857, and all unconditional certificates which are not returned by that tne, the said locations and surveys shall be null and void, and all such locations and surveys made by virtue of such conditional certificates shall become public domain, and subject to be located upon as other vacant lands." In our view of the evidence, this law did not affect the Rutledge title. The Przma .faceproof is that the certificate was in the land office from 1852 to December, 1857, and that the chief clerk, McGill, made a mistake in endorsing the wrapper as he did, "forfeited

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opimon of the Court.
for non-return of unconditional certificate by Ist August, 1857." As already suggested, this endorsement was probably made in 1868, when Dr. Worrall applied for a patent on the Childress survey, and no doubt was honestly made. McGill admits that he did not notice the pencil memorandum on the old wrapper.
By the act of 25th April, 1871, it was provided that in all cases of location and survey of lands, by virtue of any genuine land certificate, including head-rights, etc., the certificate should be returned to the General Land Office with the field-notes within the time prescribed for returning field-notes [which was twelve months from the date of survey], and the withdrawal of it from the office should render the location and survey null and void, with a proviso allowing a withdrawal where the certificate had only been located in part, and by the second section of the act it was provided that, in all such cases, if the certificate was not on fie in the General Land Office at the time of passing the act, and had not been withdrawn for locating an unlocated balance, it should be returned to, and filed in, the said office within eight months from the passage of the act, or the location and survey should be void. It was strenuously contended that the case was within this statute, and, therefore, that the Rutledge survey was void. But it is not absolutely certain from the evidence that the Rutledge certificate was not
in the land office when the act of 1871 was passed, or that it was not returned thereto within eight months from that time, which period expired on the 24th of December, 1871. It is true, it was not found by the clerk in 1868 when the patent was issued on the Childress survey, and it was not found on a subsequent search in 1875. Resort must be had to presumptions to conclude that it was not there in 1871. Will such a presumption be raised m favor of another title superposed upon the land at a time when the Rutledge certificate was perfectly valid, and possession was enjoyed under it 2 And even if it were sufficiently proven that the certificate was not in the office during the years in question, the question would still arise whether the claimants under the Ohildress survey and patent can take advantage of this circumstance to maintain

MILLER v. TEXAS AND PAC. RAThWAY.
Opinion of the Court.
their title to the property When that title was created, in 1868, as already intimated, the Rutledge survey was in full force and effect, and Daggett was in possession under it, and had been so for thirteen years. Did, therefore, the injunction of the statute of 1871, requirmg the survey to be returned to the land office within eight months, under penalty of being void if not so returned, enure to the benefit of the holders of the Childress patent, or did it enure to the benefit of the State ? The Childress survey when made was void, and therefore the patent issued upon it was void, because made and granted upon lands already appropriated under an elder title, which title, at that time, was perfectly valid, and only became invalid by non-compliance with a statute subsequently passed for reasons of public policy did the Childress survey and patent, which were void at their inception, become invested with life and validity by means of the subsequent law and the failure to comply with it 2 If the question was only one between the holders of the Rutledge title and the State, then no parties other than the State could take advantage of the omission to comply with the law
The practice of locating certificates upon prior rightful locations is not favored by the laws of Texas. It was declared by the act of August 30th, 1856, (Pasch. Dig. Vol. I, Art. 4575,) that whenever an entry is made upon any land which appears to be appropriated, deeded or patented by the books of the proper surveyor's office, or records of the County Court, or General Land Office, the party shall abide by it, and if judgment be rendered against him he shall not have the right to lift or re-enter the certificate, but the same shall be forfeited. The purpose of this act was further secured by the constitution of 1869, by the 10th article of which, section 3, it was declared that "all certificates for land located after the 30th day of October, 1856" (referring undoubtedly to, but mistaking the date of, the last mentioned act) "upon lands which were titled before such location of certificate, are hereby declared null and void," with a proviso in favor of inadvertent conflict with older surveys. Of course if the certificate was made void, the location and survey were a fortiorz void, and the

OCTOBER TERIM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
obtaining of a patent could not mend the matter, for it was decided by the Supreme Court of Texas, in 3Iorms v B.rtler, 11 Texas, 285, that a subsequent locator having actual notice of a prior location will be postponed to the superior rights of the prior locator, although the subsequent location may have passed into a patent.
The provision of the constitution of 1869, just cited, was retrospective, was in force when the act of 1871 was passed, and was carried forward, as to all future locations and surveys, into the constitution of 1876, which declared, "that all genuine land certificates heretofore or hereafter issued shall be located, surveyed, or patented only upon vacant and unappropriated public domain, and not upon any land titled or equitably owned under color of title from the sovereignty of the State, evidence of the appropriation of which is on the county records or in the General Land Office, or when the appropriation is evidenced by the occupation of the owner, or of some person holding for him." Art. 14, sect. 2.
These constitutional provisions, (whose validity upon the subject in hand cannot be seriously questioned,) taken in connection with the act of 1856, had the effect to make void the location of the Childress certificate upon the land in dispute, for, at that time (1868) the said land was "appropriated" and "titled" by the survey under the Rutledge certificate, which was duly recorded in the county records and entered and filed in the General Land Office, plotted on the map of Tarrant County, and evidenced by the long-continued occupation of Dagett. If, then, the Childress location was absorutely void at its inception, how could it be revived by the subsequent failure of Daggett to comply with the act of 1871 2 It seems to us quite clear that it could not be, and that said failure enured to the benefit of the State alone. But the State has never availed itself of the omission, and it is probable that nothing but a direct proceeding to vacate the survey would be effectual for the purpose. Daggett and those claiming under him having always been in notorious possession of the land, no person could lay any new location upon it without full knowledge of their pretensions to the ownership, and it was held

MILLER v. TEXAS AND PAC. RAILWAY. 683
Opinon of the Court.
by the Supreme Court of Texas in the recent case of Swtder v .fethwm, 60 Texas, 487, that no one having knowledge of the continued claim of those who made title to land under a certificate could acquire any right to said land, although said certificate had been taken from the land office prior to the passage of the act of 1871, and was not returned within the period required by that act. It is true, that the certificate in that case had been taken from the office by a person who had no interest in it, or right to control it, but the parties interested had notice of its absence in time to have supplied a duplicate, but did not do so until after the prescribed time had expired.
In the present case the certificate was returned to the office in 1879 or 1880, from which it had probably been inadvertently detained by Daggett. As between the parties to this controversy, our opinion is, that the lRutledge title must prevail, and that it is a sufficient protection to the defendants against that set up by the complainants in the cross-bills.
This view of the case renders of less importance a question which might have been very material as between the original complainants, Thomas I. Miller and others, and the defendants, had not the former been barred by the decree annulling Rlutledge's will. We refer to the question as to the assignment by Rutledge of his certificate to Brmson and by Brmson to M. T. Johnson. We are satisfied from the evidence in the case that Rutledge sold said certificate to Brinson and that Brinson sold it to Johnson, at whose instance, and in whose behalf, it was located on the land in question. M. J Brinson, son of Matthew Brinson, to whom it is alleged Rutledge sold the certificate, testifies that about 1848 or 1849 Rutledge and one Gill were in the business of horse-raising and horse-trading, and were occasionally at his father's place in Shelby County, and one deal they made with him was the sale to him of the land certificate in question for which the witness's father gave them a pony belonging to witness, (who was then about twenty years old,) and his father gave him another horse instead of it, that afterwards, about 1851, M . T. Johnson bought the certificate of witness's father, and that Johnson afterwards

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.

Opinon of the Court.

traded it to Captain E. M. Daggett. It is true, the witness

did not handle the certificate, but derived his knowledge of it

from conversation with his father and cotemporaneous knowl-

edge of the transactions. The witness further states that

whilst his father (Matthew 3rinson) owned the certificate he

employed Gill to locate it, or have it located for him, but

found that he was making a fraudulent use of the certificate,

using itin what he termed "lariating land," in Fannin County,

and he was obliged to institute proceedings to get possession

of it, and finally got it back from some member of Gill's

family after his death.

But no assignment of this certificate from Rutledge can

now be found. If one ever existed, it is lost or has been

destroyed. lowever, if a sale of the certificate was actually

made by Rutledge to Brinson, and by the latter to Johnson,

it matters little whether it was actually assigned in writing or

not, as it is well settled m Texas that the land certificates of

that State are chattels, and may be sold by parol agTeement

and delivery, whereby the purchaser acquires a right to locate

the certificate and procure a patent in the name of the grantee,

but for his own use, he becoming thereby the equitable owner

of the land located. Cox v. Bray, 28 Texas, 24, Peevy v

Hfurt, 32 Texas, 146, Stone v Brown, 54 Texas, 330, 334,

Parkerv 8pencer, 61 Texas, 155, 164. In Cox v Bray, Chief

Justice Moore said "But even if the contract were within the

statute" [of frauds] "the payment of the purchase money,

the location of the land, the procuring of the patent, and the

possession and improvements made upon it by the defendant

and those under whom he claims, would, as has been fre-

quently decided by this court, have presented sufficient equity

to have entitled the defendant to a decree of title, if he

had brought a suit for this purpose within a reasonable and

proper time.

And it certainly could not be less effect-

ual to protect him against the wrongful efforts of the vendor

to deprive him of his possession and equitable title to the land,

however long he may have delayed his suit for this purpose."

p. 261.

Even when a written assignment was made, it was often

MILLER v. TEXAS AND PAC. RAIILWAY.
Opinion of the Court.
made with a blank space left for the name of the assignee, to be filled up with the name of any subsequent purchaser who saw fit to insert his own name therein, - much the same as blank assignments of corporation stock, which pass from hand to hand, perhaps a dozen times, before they are filled up with the name of an assignee. It is distinctly stated in M11 v J2foore, 62 Texas, 610, 614, that "land certificates were the subjects of transfer, and often passed through the hands of inny persons by an assignment in blank." In that case one Jowell owned a land certificate as community property, and, after his wife's death, sold it to one who was a purchaser in good faith, and without notice of the community The heirs of the wife brought suit for a portion of the land located under the certificate, and contended that the purchaser was bound to take notice of the wife's interest. But it did not appear on the record whether the certificate was issued on Jowell's own head-right, or some other person's. The court held that, for all that appeared, it might have been obtained in the way indicated above. "So far as the record shows," says the court, "it may have been true that Jowell purchased the certificate through a blank assignment, and that he transferred with this assignment on it, simply by delivering it to the persons through whom the appellee claims, if so, his name would not even appear, either on the certificate or on any writing by which the transfer was made, and in such case a purchaser would not be put on inquiry as to the rights of other persons, unless it be of those persons who claim by inheritance from the original grantee, or some one in whom a right vested by operation of law, at the time the certificate issued."
There seems to have been an assignment of this kind of Rutledge's unconditional certificate. Two witnesses are sworn in the case who distinctly testify that they saw it, with Johnson's name inserted as assignee. One of these is C. G. Payne, of Dallas County, Texas, an attorney-at-law He states that in January, 1868, he visited the land office at Austin, to investigate some land claims and land locations in Tarrant County Whilst there he examined the Rutledge claim. He says he found that two certificates had been issued to Rutledge,

OCTOBER TERM', 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
namely, a conditional one upon which a survey had been made in Cass County, and an unconditional certificate transferred by Rutledge to M. T. Johnson, and by Johnson located in Tarrant County at Fort Worth upon the land now in controversy, the field-notes and survey returned to the General Land Office, and there filed, mapped and platted, and the patent refused on account of the unconditional certificate located in Cass County He says that the transfer of the latter certificate from Rutledge to Johnson was written in a coarse, rough, round handwriting. The usual form of transfers of certificates was used. The substance of said transfer was an assignment of all right, title, claim and interest of said T. P Rutledge of, in and to the said certificate to the said M1. T. Johnson, and authority therein authorizing the commissioner of the General Land Office to issue the patent to the said M. T. Johnson or to his assigns. On his cross-examination the witness says, that the transfer was acknowledged before some officer authorized to use a seal, and had his certificate of acknowledgment and seal thereon. He states that he also saw the deed from Johnson to E. M. Daggett on record in Tarrant County
The other witness who testifies to having seen the assignment of the unconditional certificate from Rutledge to Johnson is W H. H. Lawrence. He testifies that he was engaged in the land business at and about Fort Worth, that he had transactions with E. M. Daggett from 1873 to 1878, and examined his title papers at his request, especially in reference to the 320 acres tract known as the Rutledge survey, that this examination was made, he thinks, in 1876, and he distinctly remembers making a favorable report to Daggett after he had finished the examination. He further says "My recollection is that among the papers I examined was the Thomas P Rutledge certificate. I did find a transfer of such certificate to M. T. Johnson. I am sure of this, because had it not been present I should have known that the title from Rutledge was defective." Being asked from whom, to whom, and the form thereof, he said. "I can only say that it was from Rutledge to .-[. T. Johnson, and in the usual form of transfers of such

MLLER v. TEXAS AND PAC. RAILWAY.
Opinon of the Court.
certificates." The witness further states "If there had been no transfer I should have discovered it and made a different report." To another interrogatory he added "I had occasion in very many cases to look up the titles of different lands in Texas, and became familiar in the course of five years in the land business at Fort Worth with the general laws of the State in regard to lands, as also familiar with the examination of titles."
Apparently (but perhaps not necessarily) opposed to the hypothesis that the certificate in question was purchased by Johnson from Brinson is the evidence of Henry Beaumont, who testifies that in the winter of 1851-2 he placed a lot of land certificates, including the T. P Rutledge certificate for 320 acres, in the hands of Y1. T. Johnson for location, under a written contract and that the certificate in question had come into his hands with others from a party (whose name he does not mention) who had been engaged in locating and surveying lands, and was then retiring from the business. In corroboration of this testimony a receipt in the handwriting of IM.T. Johnson was produced in evidence, a copy of which is as follows, to wit

":Rec'd, Austin, March 9, 1852, of Henry Beaumont the following land certificates, to be located or accounted for, viz.

"Four leagues Calhoun County school lands for location.
Thomas Rutledge, H. R., 320, class 3, Gonzales County, 12 Oct., 1846.
Win. P Milby, H. R., 640, class 3, No. 24, Liberty County, 4th March, 1845.
John Becton, 320 H. R., 3rd class, No. 234, Victory County
Sam'l Hudler, bounty warrant, dated Jan'y 1st, 1838, signed Barnard Bee, see. war.
James 11. Barnwell, bounty waxrant, 7th January, 1837, signed G. W Poe, pay gen'l.

Acres.
17,712 320 640 320
1,280 320

OCTOBER TERMV, 1889.

Opinion of the Court.

Acres.
Toby scrip, No. 864, to Almanzo Houston, dated Oct.

10, 1836.

640

(Signed duplicate.) (Sign'd)

21. T. JOHnSON.

Endorsed 'Henry Beaumont land matters."'

A duplicate of this receipt was found amongst Johnson's papers after his death by J P Smith, his administrator.
It is somewhat difficult to reconcile this evidence with That of the other witnesses. There is evidently wanting some undiscovered explanation of the discrepancy Beaumont says that he only had the certificate for location, and that Johnson was to divide with him the emoluments thereof, -which were always one-third of the land located. From the testimony of J P Smith, Johnson's administrator, it appears that Beaumont and Johnson had had dealings together in the location of land certificates for some years prior to the date of the receipt, to wit, in 1850 and 1851. The certificates mentioned in the receipt were probably received by Johnson at some time, or at different times, previous to the giving of the receipt. One of the certificates was that of Win. P Mlilby, for 640 acres, class 3, No. 24, issued 4th of Mlarch, 1845. This certificate was located June 25th, 1850,- a year and ine months before the date of the receipt. The certificate in question, that of IRutledge, was located January 8th, 1852, two months before the date of the receipt. The suggestion of the complainants that the survey was antedated has no evidence to support it. That, in some way, Johnson had become entitled to these certificates (especially to the Rutledge certificate) is corroborated by strong circumstances. Smith, Johnson's administrator, says that Beaumont never asserted any claim to the land mentioned in the receipt. He had correspondence and communications with Beaumont after Johnson's death. He says that there was an agreement between them that Johnson should locate the certificates placed in his hands by Beaumont, and was to have for doing so one-half of such interest as Beaumont had in them, yet no -claim for any accounting was ever made after Johnson's death. It is quite

MI[LLER

v. TEXAS AN) IAC. RIAILWVAY.

Opinion of.the Court.

possible that Beaumont obtained the Rutledge certificate from Gill, who used it as a "lariat" for improperly locating land, and that Johnson bought it of Brinson on ascertaining that it belonged to him. This would explain why Beaumont never asserted any claim to the land located under it, although it subsequently became so valuable.
Be all this as it may, it is clear that Johnson, either as owner of the certificate or as an agent employed for locating it, and as such having, according to usage, an interest in the lands to be surveyed, was fully authorized to make the location under it which he did make, and to take possession of the
lands either for his own use (if he was the owner) or for the use and benefit of himself and the actual owner, and that his title and possession thus acquired was good against all the world, except those who could produce a better title than that which the certificate and the location under it secured. The
legal title, it is true, was in Rutledge's heirs, but the equitable title was in Johnson, (if he did in fact purchase the certificate,) and, in any event, one-third of such equitable title belonged to hin, as the authorized locator of the certificate, and the residue was in his hands and possession for the use of the owners whom he represented. The location and survey were good as against the State, and all other persons claiming by inferior title. E. lvf. Daggett as purchaser from Johnson, and obtaining possession from him, and the defendants as successors of Daggett, became entitled to the benefit of the Rutledge survey as a protection against all persons claiming under a title inferior thereto.
But this is not the whole case. There are other points wich go to fortify the position of the defendants, which it is proper to notice.
After the Childress certificate was located by Dr. Worrall in 1868, E. M. Daggett, who had then been in possession under the Rutledge title for the space of fourteen years, purchased in, as he supposed, the entire Childress claim. In 1868 or 1869 George R. Childress, the second son of John Ohildress, appeared at Fort Worth, having returned from California, where he had been residing for many years. He did not know
VOL. CXXXU-44

OCTOBER TER-M, 1889.
Opmion of the Court.
that his brother John was living, but supposed him dead, and that he, George, was his father's sole heir. He claimed the land in question, and Daggett compromised with him for about three hundred dollars, and George gave a deed selling and relinquishing all his right and title to Daggett in fee, with a general warranty agamst himself, his heirs, and all others.. He afterwards went to Austin, saw Green, learned of his brother's being alive, and confirmed the arrangement made by the latter with Green, who acted therein for the benefit of Dr. Worrall.
In September, 1869, Daggett also compromised the claim of Dr. Worrall and procured a deed from him and his wife, Adaline S. Worrall. This deed is m the usual form of deeds of bargain and sale.. It is dated 30th of September, 1869, recites a consideration of three hundred dollars, conveys to Daggett the land m dispute by metes and bounds, as in the Childress patent, and recites that the land was the separate property of the said Adaline S. Worrall, referring to the deeds from John W Childress to Green and from Green to the said Adaline. The deed concluded with this habendam and warranty, to wit "To have and to hold to him, the said E. M,. Daggett, his heirs and assigns forever, free from the just claam or claims of any and all persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim the same." The deed was acknowledged before a notary public, and a certificate of said acknowledgment was made in due form, with one exception, it contains no statement that Adaline S. Worrall, the wife, was privily examined by the officer apart from her husband. This is necessary in order to validate a conveyance of the wife's separate property in Texas, and its absence cannot be supplied by showing that she was actually privily examined. Berry v Donley, 26 Texas, 37, FitzgeraMd v. Turner, 43 Texas, 79, Xooney v Adamson, 48 Texas, 619, Johnson v Bjan, 62 Texas, 623. To the same effect see Ailliott v Pewso, 1 Pet. 328, 340, ffitz v enk8, 123 'U S. 291, 303. This seems to be a fatal defect, and it is on this defect that the complainants in the cross-bills rely Their position is, that the land was Mrs. Worrall's separate property, that she never executed any conveyance of it accord-

MILLER v. TEXAS AND PAC. RAILWAY.
Opinion of the Court.
iug to law, and that it was hers when she died in November, 1870, and descended, one-half 'to her husband, Dr. I. R. Worrall, and one-half to her brothers and sisters, represented by William Dunlap and others. The complainants in the other cross-bill, Martha IR.Worrall and others, claim the other half -of the property as heirs of Dr. Worrall, being his mother and his brothers and sisters. They contend that Dr. Worral had no interest to convey when he executed the deed with his wife in 1869, and hence the one-half part which he inherited from his wife in November, 1870, was unaffected by that conveyance. It is true, if the deed contained a warranty, he would be estopped from claiming the land, but it is contended that the clause above recited does not amount to a warranty It has been decided, however, by the Supreme Court of Texas that words substantially such as those contained in the deed do import a general warranty In -Rowe v. H-eath, 23 Texas, 614, the following words were so construed, to wit "For him the said R. H.,his heirs and assigns, to have and to hold forever, as his own right, title and property, free from the claim or claims of me, my heirs, or creditors, and all other persons whomsoever, to claim the same or any part thereof lawfully" In our judgment the deed of Worrall and his wife did contain a general warranty, and the one-half part of Adaline S. Worrall's interest which descended to Dr. Worrall was carried by estoppel to Daggett when Dr. Worrall inherited the same from his wife.
The other questions arise on the statute of limitations. The defendants pleaded the limitations of three years and of five years, and also peaceable possession for thirty years. The act of February 5th, 1841, first created the limitations referred to. The 15th section created that of three years, declaring that "Every suit., to be instituted to recover real estate, as against him, her or them, in possession under title, or color of title, shall be instituted within three years next after the cause of action shall have accrued, and not afterwards," not computing the duration of disability from minority, coverture or insanity; and by title meaning regular claim of transfer from or under the sovereignty of the soil, also reserving the right of the government.

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
The 16th section created the limitation of five years, declaring that "He, she or they -ho shall have had five years like peaceable possession of real estate, cultivating, using or enjoying the same, and paying tax thereon, if any, and claiming under a deed, or deeds, duly registered, shall be held to have full title, precluding all claims, but shall not bar the government," and saving disabilities for non-age, coverture or insanity
Now supposing that the prerogative of the government prevented the statute from running until after the patent issued to the heirs of John Childress m June, 1868, it certainly commenced to run at that tune against those who claimed under the patent, and the facts present a strong case of adverse possession on the part of E. MVD. aggett and his grantees. They were in full, continuous and peaceable possession for a period, altogether, of thirty years, namely, from 1854 to 1885, when William Dunlap and others appeared as intervenors in this suit, and from 1854 to 1886, when the Worralls intervened. This possession was complete in the use, cultivation and enjoyment of the land in dispute, and the payment of taxes thereon. It was claimed and exercised under a regular deed of conveyance from M. T. Johnson, dated 23d June, 1855, which granted and conveyed, not only the certificate of Rutledge, but the land located under it, describing and identifying the same, and whicl was duly registered in the records of Tarrant County on the -30thof M[arch, 1857. It isdifficult to see why the plea of limitation of five years at least is not a good bar against the heirs of Adaline S. Worrall. She died November 4th, 1870, and one-half of her estate descended to her husband, I. R. Worrall, who survived to the 22d September, 1871. The statute having commenced to run against him, was not suspended by his death, and had been running more than fourteen years at the commencement of the suit. The other half of Adaline S. Worrall's estate descended to her brother, John Cook, and her two sisters, Alizannah, wife of William Dunlap, and M\'atilda, wife of Dr. Jonas Fell. John Cook was living at Adaline's death, and survived to August, 1873. The sisters were married women when Adaline S. Worrall died, but as

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Statement of the Case.
BIYAN v. KALES.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE TERRITORY OF ARIZONA.
No. 1287. Submitted January 7, 1890. -Decided March 3,1890.
The defence of laches on the part of a plaintiff seeking relief in equity may be set up under a general demurrer.
The granting or refusing relief in equity on the ground of laches in applying for it must depend upon the special circumstances of each case.
A bill in equity alleged that on the 24th September, 1883, letters of administration upon the estate of a deceased person were granted to one of his creditors whose several debts were secured by mortgages upon the estate of which he died seized, that on the 28th day of the same month, the administrator, though having in his possession money sufficient to discharge those claims, proceeded to foreclose the mortgages, and did on the 16th of the next October take judgment in his individual name against himself as administrator for the amount of the claims and for attorney's fees, and in the following December caused the various parcels to be sold that the property brought much less than its real value, or than it would have brought at an open sale; that one of the tracts was bought by the administrator and assigned by him to the judge by whom the decree was rendered, that the wife of the deceased survived him, that all the property was acquired during marriage and was common property of the.husband and wife, and, at the.decease of the husband, descended to the wife; and that on the 20th of June, 1887 she conveyed her rights to the plaintiff. The bill which was filed July 18, 1887 made the several purchasers, the administrator, and the judge who rendered the decree, defendants, and asked to have the decree of sale and the sales thereunder set aside, and for further relief. To this complaint the defendants demurred, and the demurrer was sustained. Held, that the circumstances set forth in the complaint were of so peculiar a character, that a court of equity should be slow in denying relief upon the mere ground of laches in bringing the suit.
THE court stated the case as follows.
This suit was brought by the appellant on the 18th of July, 1887, in the District Court of the Second Judicial District of Arizona, and was there heard upon demurrer to the complaint. The demurrer was sustained, and the plaintiff refusing to amend, the suit was dismissed. That judgment having been affirmed by the Supreme Court of the Territory, the only question is whether the facts alleged iu the complaint -

BRYAN v. KALES.
Statement of the Case.
assumnng, as we must, that they are true- set forth a cause of action entitling the plaintiff to relief.
The case made by the complaint is as follows Jonathan M. Bryan was the owner at the time of his death on the 29th of August, 1883, (1) of the southeast quarter section number thirty-three, in township two north, of range three east, of the district of lands subject to sale at the land, office of the United States at Tucson, Arizona, and of the Gila and Salt River Meridian, (2) the northeast quarter of section five, in township one north, of range three east, of the same district and meridian, and lying one-half mile north of the city of Phcenix, in Maricopa County, Arizona. such piece of land being once called the " Shortle ranch," but now commonly known as "Central Place;" (3) the southeast quarter of section nine, in township one north, of range three east, of the same meridian and district, and (4) all of block ninety-eight in the city of Phcenix, according, to a map or plat of that city, made by William A.. Hancock, surveyor of the town site of such city, and on file in the office of the county recorder of Maricop% County
On or about the 94th of September, 1883; letters of administration upon his estate were issued by the probate court of Maricopa County to M. W Kales, who immediately qualified and entered upon his duties as administrator, continuing to be and to act as such until December 6, 1884, when he was discharged. Since that date there has been -no administrator of the decedent's estate.
While Bryan was the owner and in possession of the abovedescribed real estate, he executed to Kales, four pronnssory notes for the amounts, respectively, of $1200, $2500, $15Q0 and $500, dated December 11, 1882, February 23, 1883, Fekruary 26, 1883, and March 14, 1883, and payable, respectively, Deceniber 11, 1883, February 23, 1884, October 26, 1883, and September 14, 1883,- each note calling for interest payable every three months, at the .rate of one and a half per cent per. month,, and, if not so paid, the note to become due and payable. At the date of each note he executed, acknowledged and delivered to Kales a mortgage upon real estate to

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Statement of the Case.
secure its payment, upon the first of the above-described pieces of real estate, to secure the note for $1200, upon the second, to secure the note for $2500, upon the third, to secure the note for $1500, and upon the fourth, to secure the note for $500. These mortgages were all duly recorded.
Before the notes fell due, and before they were presented for allowance against the estate of Bryan, in the probate court having jurisdiction thereof, and without application to any court for an order to pay the notes or any of them, or to sell any property of the estate to pay them, and "while holding in his hands as administrator sufficient money to pay all the principal and interest which might become due on said notes or any of them," Kales on the 28th of September, 1883, instituted, in the District Court of the Second Judicial District of Arizona, in and for Maricopa County, in his individual name, an action against himself as administrator. He .declared, in that action, upon the notes and mortgages, and prayed judgment against himself as administrator for the sum of fifty-seven hundred dollars, with interest on twelve hundred dollars of [that] sum from the 11th day of June, 1883, on twenty-five hundred dollars from the 23d day of May, 1883, on fifteen hundred dollars from the 6th day of May, 1883, and on five hundred dollars from June 14, 1883, the interest on each sum to be at the rate of one and a half per cent per month, with a like rate of interest upon the principal sum named in any judgment or decree that may be obtained from the date thereof until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, and for ten per cent for attorneys' fees upon forty-two hundred dollars of the principal sum, and five per cent for attorneys' fees upon twenty-five hundred dollars of the .principal sum, and for costs of suit.
He also prayed that the usual decree be made for the sale of the premises by the sheriff according to law and the practice of the court, that the proceeds of sale be applied in payment of the amount due the plaintiff, that the defendant and all persons claiming under him or his decedent subsequent to the execution of the mortgages upon the premises, either as purchasers, incumbrancers, or otherwise, be barred and

BRYAN v. KALES.
Statement of the Case.
foreclosed of all right, claim, or equity of redemption in the premises and every part thereof, and that the plaintiff have judgment against the defendant, as administrator of the estate of J M. Bryan, deceased for any deficiency remaining after applying the proceeds of the sale of the premises properly applicable to the satistactaon of the judgment, and that such deficiency be made a claim against the estate of the said J. M. Bryan, deceased, to be paid as other claims against said estate.
He further prayed that the plaintiff or any other party to the suit might become a purchaser at the sale, that the sheriff execute a deed to the purchaser, that the latter be let into the possession of the premises on production of the sheriff's deed therefor, and that the plaintiff have such other or further relief in the premises as to.the court seemed meet and equitable.
A. summons was sued out by M. W Kales as an individual against himself as administrator, requiring the latter to appear -and answer the complaint. It was personally served on the day it was issued, and, on the succeeding day, October 6, 1883, in his capacity as administrator, he made the following answer to the complaint filed by himself in his individual capacity
"The defendant, M. W Kales, administrator of the estate of J M. Bryan, deceased, answering the complaint on file in this action, admits each and every material allegation in the said complaint,. and consents that judgment and decree be entered in accordance with the prayer thereof."
In other words, M[. W Kales consented that he might -as an individual take judgment against himself as administrator.
On the 16th of October, 1883, the court, D. H. Pinney being the judge thereof, rendered a decree of foreclosure' and sale, finding, upon the complaint, -answer and proofs heard, that there was due to the plaintiff, M. W Kales, from the defendant, M. W Kales, administrator, the sums, with interest, specified in the several mortgages, with the attorney's fee provided for in the mortgages and claimed in the complaint, and directing the proceeds of the sale of each parcel to be applied to the debt secured' by the mortgage -on that parcel.
voL. CXX3UV-9

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Statement ox the Case.
The decree furtier provided "That the defendant, M. W Kales, as administrator as aforesaid, and all persons claiming or to claim from or under him or from or under the said T -M.Bryan, deceased, and all persons having liens subsequent to said mortgages by judgment, decree, or otherwise upon the lands described in said mortgages or either of them, and they or their personal representatives, and all persons having any lien or claim by or under such subsequent judgment or decree, and their personal representatives, and all persons claiming under them, be forever barred and foreclosed of and from all equity of redemption and claim in, of, and to said mortgaged premises and every part and parcel thereof from and after the delivery of said sheriff's deed.
"And it is.further adjudged and decreed that if the moneys arising from said sale of any of the separate parcels of said lands described in either of the respective mortgages shall be insufficient to pay the amount so found due to the plaintiff, as above stated, upon each of the respective mortgages, with interests and costs and expenses of sale as aforesaid, the sheriff specify the amount of such deficiency and balance due the plaintiff upon each of the respective mortgages separately in his return of sale, and that on the coming in and filing of said returns of deficiency the same shall become a claim against the estate of J Mvi. Bryan deceased, to be paid as other claims are paid."
The remainder of the decree contains a description of the property or parcels of land covered by the respective mortgages.
On the 8th of November, 1883, the District Court made an order commanding the sheriff to sell upon notice all the property described in the mortgages, and make return thereof. Pursuant to that order, the sheriff, L. H. Orme, advertised, and on the 15th of December, 1883, sold, the property in parcels, as follows The first parcel to Robert Garside for $1500, the second to Mv.W Kales for $2975, the third to William Qilson for $1850, and the fourth to M. W Kales for

BRYAN v. KALES.
Statement of tho Case.
$600. The amount bid for each parcel was much less than such parcel was worth in open market, or than it would have brought at the usual sheriff's sale. The sheriff delivered to each purchaser a certificate of sale. He made his return of sales oh the 26th of Decemberi 1883, but the sales have never been confirmed by the District Court.
After the sales and before the. making of any deeds, Kales assigned to J T. Simms the certificate of sale for the second parcel, and to D. H. Pinney the certificate of sale for the fourth parcel. On the 16th of June, 1884-, the sheriff executed a deed for the first parcel to.'Garside, who, by deed of IMay 20, 1887,. sold and conveyed to J DeBarth Shorb. Simms, having received from, the sheriff, June 10, 1884, a deed for the second parcel, sold and conveyed, by deed of February "28, 1887, to George T. Brasius, who subdivided itinto blocks and lots as- Central Place," and, subsequently, Mlay 3, 1887, sold and conveyed one lot to John W Jeffries, and, May 5, 1887, another lot to Henry W Ryder. Gilson received a sheriff's deed for the third parcel, June 19, 1884:, and, April 6, 1886, sold and conveyed to Cordelia L. Beckett, wife of C. G. Beckett. The fourth. parcel was conveyed by the sheriff, June 16, 188, to D. H. Pinney, who, September 10, 1886, sold and conveyed a portion thereof to the Bank oi Napa, a corporation, existing under the laws of California. Another ,portion of the fourth parcel was conveyed by Pinney, Novembe' 18, 1886, to F Q. Story, who sold and conveyed to M. H. Sherman.
Bryan left no descendants. His wife, Vina Bryan, survived hun. All the property in question was acquired by him during, marriage, and, at the time of his death, - the complaint alleges, - was the common property of himself and wife, and, upon -his death, she became and was his sole heir, and to. her all of the common property descended, and in her remained until June 29, 1887, when, by deeds of conveyance, she granted, released and conveyed to the present plaintiff all of these lands, together with all her estate, right, interest and claim in the same and every part thereof.
The complaint makes all of the persons hereinbefore named

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Statement of the Case.
as having purchased at sheriff's sale or received conveyances for these parcels of land defendants to this suit. It alleges that of "all the facts herein alleged, the defendants and each of them, at all the times herein mentioned, had full notice, that the defendant, D. H. Pinney, was the judge of the said District Court, and acted as such in all the proceedings had in the said action, wherein said defendant, M. W Kales, was plaintiff, and said M. W Kales, as administrator of the estate of J A. Bryan, deceased, was defendant, and said defendant, D. H. Pinney, rendered and made the said decree of foreclosure and order of sale therein and was so the judge of said District.Court at the time of the assignment to him by said defendant, M. W Kales, of the sheriff's certificate of sale of said block number 98, in saia city of Phcenix, and also at the time of the execution and delivery to him by the said sheriff of the said sheriff's deed thereof."
The plaintiff, after alleging that the premises described in the complaint are of the value of $125,000, prayed
That the proceedings, judgment, decree and order of sale had, made, rendered or entered in the action brought by Kales be annulled, set aside, and declared void',
That the sale of the property, and the certificate of sale and deeds made to Kales, Garside, Gilson, Pinney and Simms be set aside and declared void, and the parts and portions of the property conveyed to the several defendants be decreed to have been received by them. and each of them with notice and in trust for Vina Bryan and her grantee, the plaintiff herein,
That the defendants .and each of them, now pretending to claim or own the above property or any part thereof, be decreed to, hold the same and each part claimed by them in trust for the plaintiff, and required to convey to him upon his doing whatever the court adjudged should be equitably done by him,
That the defendants and each of them be enjoined from selling, conveying, mortgaging or in any way interfering with the premises, and
That the plaintiff have such other and further relief as may be just and equitable.

:BRYAN v. KALES.
Opinion of the Court.
.'' William, A. -Ho-enney,for appellant, on the question of laches, cited MJoss v"Berry, 53 Texas, 632, Railroad Co. v. Dubows, 12 Wall. 47, Lux v IHaggin, 69 California, 255, Stockman v. Rsverside Land &co. Co., 64: California, 57, .Yelly v Hurt, 61 Missouri, 463, -Fielding& Gwynn v -DuBose,63 Texas, 631, Hill v -Epley, 31 Penn. St. 331, BKnouff v Thompson, 16 Penn. St.-357, Bales v. Perry,51 Missouri,.449, Strong v. -Ellworth,26 Vermont, 366, Suphmne v Dunbar, 55 Mississippi, 255, .zIce v Dewey, 54: Barb. 455, .Aayo v Cartwrzght, 30 Arkansas, 407, Nfeal v Gregory, 19 Florida, 356-; Bramble v .Ringsbury, 39 Arkansas, 131, Terre Haute &c. Railroadv Rode, 89 Indiana, 128, Viele v Judson,82 N. Y 32, Difenback v V'ogeler, .61 Maryland, 370, .feley v Collins, 4:1 California, 663.
M Wiliam P'isnckney Whyte and -Mr Clark Churchill, for appellees, cited to the same point Harwood v. Railroad Co., 17 Wall. 78, Dwfendorf v House, 9 How Pr. 243, The .Key City, 14 Wall. 653, Badger v Badger, 2 Wall. 87, Spe?,del v Hewmtw, 120 U. S. 377, Rtchards v .Mackall, 124 U. S. 189, Smith v Clay, 3 Bro. Oh. 639 n., Psatt v. -Fattier, 9 Pet. 405, Mo.Knight v Taylor, 1 How 161, Wagner v Ba''d, 7 How 234, Hume v. Beale, 17 Wall. 336, -Marsh v WAitmore, 21 Wall. 178, Sullivan v Portland & Kennebec Railroad,94 U. S.806, Godde&n v .Kimmel, 99 U. S. 201.
Mm. JusTio, H.ALAN, having stated the facts as above reported, delivered the opinion of the court.
The grounds upon which the District Court, sustained the demurrer to the complaint are not shown by the record otherwise than from the. statement in the opinion of the Supreme Court of the, Territory -thatit was because of laches in bringing suit. The latter court said "It appears that the grantor of the plaintiff stood by and saw all this property sold, and had a right to redeem the same in six months after the sale, that her residence was Maricopa County at the death of her

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
husband, and its continuance will be presumed to be there, the contrary not having been alleged, that there was no action brought to set aside the judgment, that from the 8th day of November, 1883, till the [2] 9th day of June, 1887 - nearly four years - she saw the .property greatly enhancing in value, saw it sold time and again, then sells it to the plaintiff, who now comes into a court of equity and asks a cancellation of all those sales. If the bill had shown, and. which plaintiff was_ allowed to show, that any distibility existed on the part of anyone having an interest in the property at the time of"sale, we would grant the prayer of the bill. No such disability being shown, can we think of allowing the party who has so long slept upon her rights to divest the present owners of their ,valuable property ?"
The difficulty with this view is that it has no foundation in the allegations of the complaint. From the mere fact that Mrs. Bryan's residence at the tune of her husband's death was in iMaricopa County, where the real estate in- question is situated, the court below presumed not only that it continued there, but that she "stood by" for nearly four years, forbearing to exercise her right to redeem, and "saw the property enhancing in value - saw it sold time and again " - without asserting any interest in it. No such presumption was justified bV the allegations of the complaint. The case made by those allegations is that of an administrator, who, having claims against the estate he represented, which were secured by mortgage upon real property of which his intestate died seized, and having in his hands money sufficient to discharge those claims, yet resorted to the expedient of taking judgment in his individual name against himself In his fiduciary capacity, for the amount of the claims and for attorneys' fees, and caused the property to be sold. And of all those facts - the demurrer admits -the defendants and each of them had full notice when they made their respective purchases. Referring to the allegation in the complaint, that the administrator, at the time he sued himself, had in his hands sufficient money to pay off his claims, the counsel for the defendants suggest that this might well be, if those moneys had been applied to the

BRYANT v. IkLES.
Opinion of the-Court.
debts in question without providing for the payment of other debts against the estate, the expenses of administration, or preferred claims, and that for aught appearing in the complaint, it may have..been the duty of the administrator to apply the moneys in his hands to other debts and claims. A sufficient answer to this suggestion is,that the allegation in the complaint upon this point inports a failure of the administrator to use the moneys in his hands to discharge the debts held by him, when he could properly have so used them.
It is true, as contended, that where the bill shows such laches upon the part of the plaintiff that a court of equity ought not to give relief,.the defendant need not interpose a plea or answer, but may demur upon. the ground of want of equity apparent on the bill itself. Lansdale v. Smith, 106 U. S. 391, 393, iSjesdel v Henlcz, 120 U. S.377, 387. But no such case is made by the bill. The limitation prescribed by the statutes of Arizona for the commencement of an action to recover real property, br the possession thereof, is five years. If this statute governs courts of equity as well as courts of law - and such is the plaintiff's contention - the present action is not barred by limitation. If, as contended by the defendants, a court of equity may deny relief because of laches in suing, although the plaintiff .commenced his action within the period limited by the statute for actions at law, still the granting or refusing relief, upon that ground, must .depend upon the special circumstances of each case. Harwood v RailroadCo., 17 Wall. 78, Brown v County of Buena Vista, 95 U. S. 157, 160, Haywood v.NYationaZ Bank, 96 U. S. 611, 617. The case made by the complaint in this suit is one of fraud -upon the part of the administrator, and in that fraud- if the allegations of the complaint are sustained by proof- the defendants and each of them must be held to have participated. The circumstances as detailed in the complaint are so peculiar in their character that a court of equity should be slow in denying relief upon the mere ground of laches in bringing suit.
Other questions arise upon the face of the complaint, namely, as to whether Mrs. Bryan had such interest in the property as made her a necessary party to the suit of foreclosure

BLOUINT v. WALKER.
Syllabus.
ties to winch they are subjected. Under the statute of New York all corporations, joint stock companies and associations of the same lnd are subjected to the same tax. There is the same rule applicable to all under the same conditions in determining the rate of taxation. There is no discrimination in favor of one against another of the same class. See Badner v Connolly;,113U. S. 29, 32, Soon Hingv Crowley, 113 U. S. 703, 709, 7Missour, Pacific Railway v Hutlmes, 115 U. S. 512, 523, -Missouri, Pac~fc Railway v- facby,. 127 U. S. 205, .209, .Minneapolis Railway ( o. v Becewith, 129 U. S. 26, 32.
-R. IusTio, MILLER (with whom conzurred MR. JUSTICE THAILAw) dissenting.
MR. JUSTICE HIAiLAN and myself dissent from the judgment m this case, because we think that, notwithstanding the peculiar language of the statute of New York, the tax in 'ontroversy is, in effect, a tax upon bonds of the United States held by the insurance company..
BLOUNT v. WALKER.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
No. 1399. Submitted March 24, 1890. - Decided April 7, 1890.
A judgment by a state court of South Carolifia that 'the will of a resident in Worth Carolina, who was the donee of apower to appoint, by win to receive the fee of real estate in South Car6lina, after the expiration of a life estate, was properly admitted to probate in North Carolina, as executed according to the laws of that State,. and was properly admitted to probate in South Carolina by proof of an exemplified copy, though not" executed according to the laws of that Stdte, but that the donor of the power intended that the appointmnt should be made by a will valid under the laws of South Carolina, which this will was not, does not refuse to give full faith and credit to the judgment of the court of North Carolina, admitting the will to probate.
To give this court urisdiction of a writ of error tp ja state court it must appear affirmatively not only that a fedl*ral question was presented for decision to the highest court of the-Stateliaving jurisdiction, but that its t

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Statement of the Case.
decision was necessary to the determination of the cause, and that it was actually decided, or that the udgment as rendered could not have been given without deciding it.
MOTION TO ISMISS. The court stated the case as follows
Sarah J Harris, a citizen of the State of South Carolina, died at her residence in that State in December, 1885, leaving a last will and testament bearing date September 11, 1885, and, her surviving, an only child, Mrs. Mary D. Blbunt, whose domicil was that of her husband, William H. Blount, in Wilson County, in the State of North Carolina. -Mrs. Harris' next nearest of kin was her sister, -Caroline S. Walker, mother of Julius H. Walker. By. her will Mrs. Harris gave, bequeathed, and devised her estate, :real and personal, which was all situated in South Carolina, to her nephew, Julius H. Walker, (who was appointed executor,) in trust for Mary D. Blount "for and during the term of her natural life," unless the trust were sooner executed, as provided in an item of the will not material to be considered here, and upon the death of Mrs. Blount the estate was "bequeathed and devised to the issue of the said Mrs. Blount, to them and their -heirs forever, _per strjes and not per caita, and if the said Mrs. Blount die without issue surviving her at the time of her death, then the same is devised and bequeathed to such person or persons and in such proportions as the said Mrs. Mary Delia Blount may .qppauit by her last will and testament duly executed, to the said appointees and their heirs forever." Mrs. Blount died at her home in North Carolina, without issue, in April, 1886. She left a will dated March 16, 1886, providing that "all my estate, both real and personal, whether legal or equitable, I devise bequeath and absolutely give unto my beloved husband, to his only use and behoof, and hereby direct the trustee appointed by the last will and testament of my deceased mother, Mrs. S. J Harris, of'Columbia, in the State of South Carolina, to execute all such needful conveyances and releases as may effectually divest his title as such trustee, and convey the property and effects, to him devised by said last will of Mrs. S. J Harris, to my said husband, W H. Blount, to him

BLOUNT v. WALKER.
Statement of the Case.
and his heirs absolutely" This will was duly .admitted to probate in the Probate Court of Wilson County, North Carolina, on the 26th day of April, 1886, the order of that court finding from the evidence of the subscribing witnesses that the paper writing propounded "is the last will and testament of M. Delia Blount, and that the same was duly executed by said M. Delia Blount." Letters testamentary issued June 3,.and an exemplification of the probate proceedings was duly filed and admitted to probate in the proper Pr6bate Courtim South Carolina, in accordance with the statute in that behalf, which provided "If a will be .regulairly proved in any foreign court, an exemplification of such will may be admitted to probate in this State upon the- exemplification and certificate of the judge of the -court of probate-; and- the exemplification shall also be evidence of the devise of land in this State where the title of lands comes in question;" Gen. Stats..So. Car.-1882, p. 549,  1815.
William 1. Blount instituted an action on the equity side othe Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina, against Juliug H. Walker, who had qualified as executor and was in possession. as trustee, and Mrs. Caroline S. Walker, settitig forth the deaths of Mrs.. Harris and -Mrs. Blount and the wills, and claiming the entire estate of Mrs: Harris as the appointee by Mrs. Blount's will; alleging demand upon the trustee and executor, and refusal, "and demanding judgment -that he be adjudged to be the owner of said estate , that Walker be required to account, and for general relief. Walker answered,.submitting, under the advice of counsel, the questicn to.the court""whether the will of M. Delia Blount is a valid execution of the power conferred upon her by the will of Sarah T. -Harris,and whether said will of Mrs.'Blount has been-duly executed so as to pass the property of said Sarah J Harris in the hands of this -defendant." Mrs. Walker also answered, claiming to be entitled -to the whole estate of Mrs. Harris as her sole heir after the death -of Ms.. Blount, and alleging that Mrs, Blount's will was not executed as required by, the laws of South Carolina, and was noti therefbre, a valid execution of.the power.
VOL.-CM V-39

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Statement of the Case.
The cause was heard by the judge of the Court of Common Pleas, who found, among other things, "that Mrs. Blount's will was duly proved in the Probate Court of North Carolina, in the county in.which she resided, and a proper exemplification under the laws of South Carolina was admitted to probate in Richland County on the 19th May, 1886. The Court of Probate of North Carolina is, under the laws of North Carolina, a court of general jurisdiction in all matters testamentary The exemplification of the judgment of that court, establishing this will, was properly proved according to the acts of Congress. Mrs. Blount's will is not executed according to the laws of South Carolina. The question to be determined is whether Mrs. Blount's will is a valid execution of the power contained in Mrs. Harris' will. It is conceded in the argument, and is undoubtedly sound, that the appointee, under a power like the one under consideration, takes. under the instrument creating the power, and not under the instrument of appointment. And in this case Mrs. Harris' will expressly conveys the property to the appointee under the power. The only requisite required by Mrs. Harris' will for the execution of this power, is that the same shall be by 'will duly executed,' and in this case that formality has been complied with, aid is shown by the judgment of .the court of her domicil." And it was "ordered, adjudged and decreed, that the power is well executed, and the plaintiff is entitled to the property set out in the complaint and in the hands of the defendant Julius H. Walker."
Defendants appealed from this decree to the Supreme Court of South Carolina, which on the 23d day of April, 1888, reversed the judgment of the. Circuit Court. The court held that the power was not well executed, for the reason that Mrs. Harris had by her will conferred a power which the donee could only exercise "by her last will and testament duly executed;" which meant a will duly executed according to the laws of S6uth Carolina, which this will was not, and the court said. "This paper was doubtless a valid will in North Carolina, sufficient to pass any property which Mrs. Blount was entitled to in her own right in that Statei and any

BLOUNT v. WALKER.
Argument against the Motion to dismiss.
personal property which she owned anywhere, and was, therefore, no doubt, properly admitted to probate there, as well as here, upon the exemplification under the statute. But the question here is, not whether Mrs. Blount has made a will disposing of her own property, but whether the paper propounded as such is a valid execution of the power conferred by the will of Mrs. Harris, and for the reasons above stated We do not think it is." Blount v W[alker, 28 So. Car. 545. The cause was remanded, and subsequent proceedings taken in the Court of Common Pleas, and another judgment rendered by the Supreme Court upon the question of who was or were entitled to take upon the failure of Mrs. Blount to make a valid appointment, but it is not claimed here that any federal question arose thereon.
To the judgment of the Supreme Court a writ of error was sued out from this court.
Mr Josepk .Dansel Pope and .Mr Robert Wf Sand for the motion to dismiss.
.fA Samuel Field Phillipsopposing.
Under Rev Stat.  906, it was held. by this court that the "faith and credit" spoken of are not limited to the form of the record and are not satisfied by its admission as a record, but that the same effect must be given to the record in the courts of the State where produced as in the courts of the State from which it is taken. .7ills v .Duryee, 7 Cranch, 481, Leland v. Wilinson, 6 Pet. 317, Crapo v. Zelly, 16 Wall. 610.
The true test of jurisdiction over state courts is not whether the record exhibits an express statement that a federal question was presented, but whether such a question was decided and decided adversely to the federal right. The form and mode in which it was decided are of minor importance. Mutrray v Charleston,96 U. S. 432.
In brief, our position is (1) That the decision of the state court necessarily involved the question whether the will of Mrs. Blount was her "last will and testament duly executed ;"

OCTOBER TERIM, 1889.
Opinion .of the Court.
(2) That the judgment of the probate court of North Carolina is conclusive of this, and that whether in the decision of the state court it has given this judgment the same force and effect as it has in North Carolina is the federal question.
And that it is immaterial whether the state court has decided the judgment void, or evades a decision on the ground of 'c\oTnshterujcutiroisnd.iction having attached, each party is entitled to be heard on the merits. As said by this -court ih Baltzmare & 0w Railroad.v 3Maryland,20 Wall. 643 "Where the federal question has been, raised and has been decided against plaintiff in error in a state court, jurisdiction of this court attaches and the case must be heard on the merits," although the state court -placed its decision on another ground that does not present a federal question. Both 'parties are entitled to be heard in this; court on the soundness of the decsion of the federal question, on its sufficiency to control the judgment in the whole case, and on the sufficiency of any -other point ,decided to affirm the judgment, even if the federal question was erroneously decided.
M . CGIum JusTIcE FULLER, after stating the case as above reported, delivered the opinion of the court.
The federal question relied on-to sustain our jurisdiction :that the Supreme Court of South Carolina did not give i faith and credit to the judgment of the Probate Court of Wilson County, North Carolina, adniitting Mrs. Blount's will to probate.
We cannot see that any such question is presented by this record. The Probate Court of Wilson County, North Carolina, had no jurisdiction to declare the will duly executed "according to the laws of South Carolina," or that it was -a good execution of the power of appointment, and did not undertake to adjudge to that effect, and it is not denied that -Mrs. BlouAt'8 will was not executed according to those laws. The Supreme Court of- South Carolina did not refuse to the judgment of the Probate Court of North Carolina full faith

BLOUNT v. WALKER.
Opinion of the Court.
and credit. It assumed that the will was properly admitted to probate in North Carolina,. as well as in South Carol ina, by an exemplification thereof, under the statute to that effect in the latter State, but it held that When, Mrs; Harris prescribed. the mode in which the power of appointment should be exercised, by the use of the words "by her last will and testament duly executed," she. intended- a will duly- executed according to the laws of South Carolina, and. not a will duly executed according to the laws of any.State or country in which the donee of the power, Mrs. Blount, nught happen to be domiciled at the time of her death. The probate of 'Mrs. Blount's will in North Carolina established that the will was executed according to the law of the State where .she was domiciled, but it did not establish that the will was executed according .to the law of South Carolina, as it is conceded it was Dot. 'When, therefore, the Supreme Court of South Carolina, in construing Mrs. Harris' will, arrived at the conclusion that the estate of the latter would only pass to such person as might receive an appointment by. a will duly executed according to the laws 6f South Carolina, that was an end of. the case, and whether that conclusion was right or wrong is a matter with which we are not concerned. If we were of a ,different opinion, and, entertaming jurisdiction, were to. reverse the. judgment of the Supreme Court of South .Carolina, we should. do it uponotheground that that court erred in the construction of Mrs. Harris' will, and not upon any ground connected with the judgment of the Probate Court of North Carolina, which could not and did not determine that question. Counsel says that the position of the plaintiff. in error is, "that 'the decision of the state court necessarily involved the question, whether the will of Mrs. Blount was her ' last will and testament duly executed,' that the judgment of the Probate Court of North Carolina is conclusive of this, and whether in the decision the state court has given this judgment the same force and effect as it has in North Carolina, is the federal question." But the state courb conceded that the judgment -of the Probate Court of North Carolina established that the will of Mrs. lBlount was her,last will and testament duly executed, and its decision

GILES v. LITTLE.

Statement of the Case.

questions in the negative, and the second and fourth 1n. the

affirmative.

The judgment is

Affirmed.

GILES v. LITTLE.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEBRASKA.
No. 1384. Argued March 17', 1890.-Decided April 7, 1890.
The disregard by the highest court of a State of an opinion of this court in another case, in which no judgment has been entered, gives this court no jurisdiction on error.
The refusal of the highest court of a State, in a suit to quiet title, to give effect to a judgment of the Circuit Court of the United States against the present plaintiffand in favor of a grantee of the present defendant, gives this court no jurisdiction on error.
THIS was a petition to quiet title, filed January 27, 1882, in the district court for Lancaster County in the State of Nebraska, by Little and more than seventy others against Giles, Burr and Wheeler, and the children of Jacob Dawson.
The petition alleged that Jacob Dawson on June 15, 1869, being seized of certain' described real estate in that county, made his last will as follows:
"After all my lawful debts are paid and discharged, the residue of my real and personal property I bequeath and dispose of as follows, to wit. To my beloved wife, Edith T Dawson, I give and bequeath all my real estate and personal of which I may die seized, the same to remain and to be hers, with full power, right and authority to dispose of same as to her shall seom meet and proper, so long as she remains my widow, ,upon the express condition that if she shall marry again then it is my will that all of the estate here bequeathed, or whatever may remain, shall .go to my surviving children, share and share alike;" and in case any of my children shall have deceased, leaving issue, then the issue so left shall receive the share to which said child would be entitled. I likewise constitute and appoint my said wife Edith T., to be executrix of my last will and testament."

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Statement of the Case.
The petition further alleged that Jacob Dawson died a week afterwards, and his will was duly admitted to probate, and letters testamentary were issued to Mrs. Dawson, that in order to pay his debts and maintain herself and children, and to make advances to the oldest son, she was obliged to sell a large portion of the real estate, and accordingly, under the Zower conferred on her by the will, executed warranty deeds
ereof, under which the plaintiffs severally became seized of certain lots described, that on November 15, 1879, she married again, that the defendants conspired together to cloud the plaintiffs' title and to extort money from them, and, in pursuance of the conspiracy, procured -deeds of the whole land to be executed by'Dawson's children to Burr and Wheeler, and by them to Giles, a citizen of Iowa, for nominal considerations, and to enable suits to be brought in the courts of the United States, and pretended that Mrs. Dawson took by the will an estate for life only, terminable by- her marriage, and commenced vexatious suits, ana threatened to commence others, against the plaintiffs.
The petition prayed for an injunction, a cancelling of the deeds to Burr and Wheeler and to Giles, a decree quieting the plaintiffs' title and establishing it against all the defendants, and for further relief.
Burr and Whe6ler and some of Dawson's children disclaimed all interest in the property; the other children and Giles filed an answer, denying the allegations of the petition, and alleging-tbat the title had vested in Giles, and Giles filed a-petition Tor the removal of the case into the Circuit Court of the United States, upon the ground that he was a citizen of Iowa and the plaintiffs citizens of Nebraska and other States, and that the controversies between him and each of the plaintiffs were severable.
The case was thereupon removed into the Circuit Court of the United States, and that coirt denied a motion to remand it to the state court, and, afterwards, upon a hearing. on pleadings and proofs, entered a decree for the defendants. On appeal to this court that decree was reversed, and the case ordered to be remanded to the state court, upon the ground

GILES v. LITTLE.
Statement of the Case.
that the controversies between Giles and the plaintiffs were not severable, and that the deed to Giles was collusively made for the purpose of giving jurisdiction to the courts of the United States. 118 U.'S. 596. On February 28Y 1887, pursuant to the mandate of this court, the Circuit -Court ordered the case to be remanded to the state court.
The defendants then, by leave of that court, filed an amended and supplemental answer, alleging, among other things, the following
First. A decision of this court on appeal in an action brought in the Circuit Court of the United States by Giles against Little, holding that by the terms of the will. Mrs. Dawson took only an estate for life, determinable upon her marriage, and no power to convey any greater estate than she had herself.
Second. Judgments recovered in the Circuit Court of the United States on July 3, 1887, against some of these plaintiffs in actions of ejectment brought January 5, 1887, against them by one Miles, to whom Giles in December, 1886,-had executed a warranty deed of some of the lots.
A general replication was filed, and a trial was had before the court without a jury, at which, among other things, the defendants put in evidence records of the judgments recovered by Miles against some of these plaintiffs in the Circuit Court of the United States; and Also a record of the proceedings in the action brought in that courtby Giles against Little, by which that action appeared to have been an action of ejectment brought August 23, 1880, for the lot now claimed by Little, in which the Circuit Court sustained a demurrer to the petition and rendered judgment for the defendant, according to the opinion of the Circuit Judge, reported in 2 McOrary, 371, its judgment was reversed by this court on writ -of error on December 12, 1881, and the case remanded for further proceedings, and after further proceedings the petition, on December 9, 1885, was dismissed, on motion of Giles,. without prejudice to a -subsequent action.
The report of that case in this court in 104 U S. 291, was also offered in evidence by the defendants at the trial of the present-case, and excluded,

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opimon of the Court.
The state court held that by the will of Jacob Dawson Mrs. Dawson took a title in fee simple so long as she should remain his widow, with full power to sell and convey the same in fee during widowhood, and entered judgment for the plaintiffs in accordance with the prayer of their petition. That judgment was affirmed by the Supreme Court of Nebraska. 25 Nebraska, 313.
The defendants sued out this writ of error, and assigned for error that the state courts did not give full faith and credit to the judgments recovered by Miles against some of the plaintiffs in the Circuit Court, and disregarded the decision of this court in 104 U. S. 291.
1[r J -M. Woolworth (with whom was XrA1) -C.Bur on, the brief) for plaintiffs in error.
M " .X.Marquett (with whom were .M' .NT S. Eawood and Afr John I. Ames on the brief) for defendants in error.
M.. JusTioE GRAY, after stating the case as above, delivered the opinion of the court.
The real question in controversy between the parties is of the extenr"of the estate and power which Mrs. Dawson took under the will of -herhusband. In Giles v Little, 104 U. S. 291, this court hbld that she took only an estate for life, determinable by her piarrymg again, and no power to convey a greater estate than she had herself. In the case at bar, the Supreme Court of Nebraska, declining to follow that decision, and basing its judgment largely upon tho statutes of the State, held that she took an estate an fee' determinable upon her marriage, with power during her widowhood at her discretion to convey in fee any part of the land, and that the devise over m case of her marrying again passed to the children only what remained unconveyed. ittle v Giles, 25 Nebraska, 313.
The question of the true construction of the will in this respect depends wholly upon general rules of law and upon the local statutes, and in no degree upon the Constitution, laws or treaties of the United States, and the disregard by the

GILES v. LITTLE.
Opinion of the Court.
state court of the opinion of this court upon the question m a former suit does not give this court jurisdiction to review the judgment of the state court in this case. Leather -Manufacturers' Bank v. Cooper, 120 U. S. 778, San Franctscov Scott, 111 U. S. 768, San Francesco.v. Itsell, 133 U. S. 65.
If the state court had refused to give due effect to a final judgment of any court of the United States in a case between the same parties, a federal question would have been presented, which might have been brought to this co{rt for review OTuhasseur v Rochereau, 21 Wall. 130, Crescent City Co. v Butchers' Union Co., 120 U S. 141. But this record presents no such state of things.
The case of Giles v Little, 101-U. S. 291, was indeed between one of .the present defendants and one of the present plaintiffs, and concerned the title to a lot of land now claimed by the latter, but the judgment of this court only reversed a judgment of the Circuit Court of the United States sustaining a demurrer to the petition, and remanded the case to that court for further proceedings, and (as appears by the record given in evidence at the trial of the case at bar) the petition was afterwards, and before final judgment, dismissed on the motion of the plaintiff, without prejudice to a new action, so that nothing was finally adjudged in that case, even as between the parties to it. Bucher v. Chesh're Railroad, 125 U S. 555, 578, 579.
The ground most relied on in favor of a, reversal of the judgment of the state court is its refusal to give effect to the judgments obtained in the Circuit Court of the United States against some of the present plaintiffs by. Miles, a grantee of the present defendants. It is argued that the judgments in favor of :-iles conclusively showed that some of these- plaintiffs had no title,, and that, as all these plaintiffs claimed under one 'title in the present suit, the judgment below in their favor must be reversed as to all of them.
As the present defendants did not claim under Miles, and were not parties to -his suits, it is difficult to see how judgments in those suits could have any effect. as evidence for or against them, by way of estoppel or otherwise..

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Counsel. for Parties.
'in the case of Burgess v. Seligman, 107 U. S. 20. Where such lobal law or custom has been established by repeated decisions of the highest courts of a State, it becomes also the law governing the courts of the United States sitting in that State."
Nothing more need be added to express the views of this co-irt on the question here presented. The judgment of the Circuit Court must be " Revdrsed and the case remanded,with instruction8 to su8-
tam the demurrerto the amended declaration.
NORMAN v. BUCKNER.
APPEAL F)ROX THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR
THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA.
No. 275. Argued April 16, 17, 1890.- Decided May 19, 1890.
In Louisiana, *here the heirs of.an intestate may take the property and pay the debts, such an heir cannot, after taking a.part of the property, hold the administrator and his sureties responsible for loss in respect to it resulting subsequently thereto; and this rule is not affected by the fact that the administrator,. in his individual capacity, afterwards obtained title to and possession of the property thus removed from his custody.
The proceedings attacked in this case were conducted in good faith, and without fraud or collusion.
The.fapts that the same person was administrator of one estate, and executor of another, and that the testate and the intestate were partnerg in business, do not affect the right of the creditor of the intestate to have his separate estate applied to the payment of his individual debts, and do not.make the sureties on the administrator's bond answerable for waste committed by the executor.
THE case is stated in the opinion.
.Mr.; Wade R. Young for appellants.
Mfr. C. J. J. S. Boatner for Montgomery, appellee.
.f. Jolin T. Ludeling,for Buckner, appellee, submitted on his brief.

NORMA.N v. BUCKNER.
Opinion of the Court.
M.m. JusTicE BREWER delivered the opilion of the court,
This is an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Louisiana, dismissing the bill filed by appellants, complainants below. The facts are these:
Complainants are the heirs at law of W. D. King, who diea intestate in the State of L6uisiana, September 5, 1877. Upon his death and on October 6, 1877, Ben. E. Hall was appointed. administrator, and qualified with the defendaits and Leonora, E. Hall as sureties on his bond: Leonora E. Hall, the surety, was the wife of Ben. E. Hall, the administrator. At the time of his death, King owned an undivided one-half .of the "Mounds" plantation, with the personal property attached thereto, and also several hundred acres of wild and overflow lands. Mrs. Hall was the owner of the other undivided half of the Mounds plantation; and she and King were partners in carrying on the plantation, and running a store thereon. On February 19,. 1878, the complainants, as heirs of King, sold and transferred to Mrs. Hall the decedent's undivided half of the Mounds plantation, with all the personal property belonging thereto, for the consideration of five thousand dollars and the agreement of the purchaser to pay all the debts of the' estate. If Mrs. Hall had carried out her agreement, and paid the debts of the estate, the complainants would have received the overflow lands free from all incumbrances. For the five thousand dollars Mrs. Hall gave two notes, one of two thou. sand and the other of three thousand dollars, due respectively January 1, 1880, and January 1, 1881, and secured by mort-, gage on the Mounds plantation. This mortgage was subordinate to a prior mortgage to Aivey & Co., for $17,504.49. Complainants subsequently sold these notes to one of the de-, fendants, John A. Buckner. On September 2, 1879, Mrs. Hall died, leaving a will, giving all her property in Louisiana to her husband, and appointing him -her executor. He qualified. as such, and gave bond as required by the order of the court.. On March 30, 1880, Aivey & Co. commenced suit to foreclose their mortgage; and on .November 20, 1880, Buckner, pur

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
chaser from complainants of their notes and mortgage, also commenced suit to foreclose. Under the first suit the Mounds plantation was offered for sale on June 19,1880. At that sale, after some competition, a bid from a reliable person, of thirty thousand dollars, was made. Thereafter, Ben. E. Hall bid thirty-one thousand dollars, and the property was struck off to him. He failed to make good his bid, and the sale was thereupon adjourned; and, subsequently, stayed by injunction Proceedings. After those injunction proceedings had been got out of the way, and on June 21, 1884, the property was again offered for sale, and sold to Buckner for twenty-two thousand dollars, an amount not sufficient to discharge the mortgage claims. Pending these proceedings, and on December 11, 1880, Hall, the administrator of King, filed a petition for the sale of the overflow lands, in order to pay debts of the estate. An order for sale was made on this petition, and'on February 5, 1881, the property was sold. At the instance of complainants this sale was set aside - they being compelled to advance $1200 to reimburse the purchasers. Thereafter, and on November 16, 1883, another order for sale, on a similar petition, was made, and the property sold to one Isadore Newman, for the sum of $1677.74. The value of this overflow land is alleged by complainants to have been $10,000; and the prayer of the bill is for a recovery against the defendants, the sureties on the administrator's bond, of the sum of $11,200 - being $10,000 as the value of the overflow land and $1200 advanced by complainants on account of the first sale; and failing that, a decree setting aside the, sale of the undivided one-half of the Mounds plantation made by them to Mrs. Hall, and requiring the purchaser, John A. Buckner, to return said property to them, with the rents, issues and profits during the time of its possession by him. ' The bill has thus a double aspect. The alternative reliefs prayed for are essentially different, one being of an equitable and the other of a legal nature. We will consider that of an equitable nature first.
The prayer of the complainants is, that the contract of sale between them and Mrs. Hall be set aside; and that John A.

WNO N v. BUCNER.

503.

Opinion of the Court.

Buckner be decreed to return the undivided one-half of the Mounds plantation, which they had sold to Mrs..Hall, and which he had subsequently purchased at mortgage sate. But there is nothing in the record which would justify such relief. Under the laws of Louisiana, the heirs of an intestate may take the property and pay the debts. In pursuance of this right, complainants, the heirs of the intestate King, withdrew the Mounds plantation from the possession of the administrator and sold it. By that act the responsibility of the administrator and the sureties on his bond, as to that property, ceased. The heirs cannot take property from the custody of an administrator, and then hold him or his sureties liable fof loss in respect to such property resulting subsequently thereto. Dispossessing him, they relieve both him and his sureties from further responsibility; and this release is in no manner abridged by the fact that the administrator'May thereafter, in his individual or in some other representative capacity, obtain the title or possession of the property thus removed from his custody as administrator. The guaranty of an administrator's bond is not against general wrong-doing on the part of the administrator, but simply against his misconduct while in charge of the property of the estate. When that property passes out of his custody, his liability and that of his suretieq cease. So when these complainants withdrew the Mounds plantation from the custody of the administrator and sold it on their own account to Mrs. Hall, they released the sureties on his bond from any further liability in respect to it. Neither the administrator nor his sureties owed any duty to the heirs thereafter to look after such property or protect their
interests in it. iebert v. Eebert 6 -Levey, 22 la. Ann. 308. Again, there is no pretence that in the sale made by com-
plainants to Mrs. Hall there was any fraud, mistake, or decep-
tion. It is not even suggested that there was any wrong in respect to it. How then can they ask to have it set aside? They allege a failure on her part to pay all the consideration. But such failure is no ground for rescission, and they, having parted with the notes received as part payment, cannot return them. Further, 'hile it is alleged that in the fore-

OCTOBER, TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
closure sale there was collusion" between Buckner the surety, and Hall the administrator, yet the testimony wholly fails to substantiate the claim. The specific charge is, that when the property was offered for sale, a bid from a reliable party was made of thirty thousand dollars, a sum which would have paid off the mortgage debts, and left money enough in the estate of Mrs. Hall to have paid all the debts of her estate, including the obligation, assumed by her as part of the consideration for the Mounds plantation, to pay the debts of the estate of King; that notwithstanding this advantageous bid, Hall bid thirty-one th6usand dollars without having the means of making good such bid, and in collusion with Buckner, for the purpose of preventing a sale; that, failing to make good his bid; the sale was first pogtponed by order of Buckner's attorney, and thereafter stayed by an. injunction suit brought by Montgomery and Delony, the other sureties on the bond, ,and all for the purpose of ,enabling Buckner to finally acquire title to the plantation at less than its real value. The facts are, as developed by the testimony, that there was no collusion between Buckner and Hall, and no understanding between them in reference to the property; that the foreclosure suits of Aivey & Co. and Buckner were perfectly proper proceedings for the collection of their debts, commenced only after default in payment of interest and principal, and prosecuted in the ordinary way, without undue haste. At the first sale, and that was before Buckner had commenced his foreclosure suit, it is true that the bidding was as alleged; yet Hall's bid was made on his own responsibility, without suggestion from Buckner, and upon what proved to be an unjustifiable expectation that be could arrange with Aivey & Co., or some other parties, for securing the money on the property. When the sec6nd sale took place, I3uckner was the highest bidder; and this sale was made after the ordinary advertisement, and under" no circumstances of oppression or wrong. So far as respects the delay in the sale, caused by the injunction proceedings, it is enough to say that Buckner had n'othing to do with that: and, "ofcourse, cannot be held responsible for anything that resulted therefrom. The party who had made the

NORMkN v. BUCK=NER'.
Opinion of the Court.
bid of thirty thousand dollars at the first sale, on further. examination of the property, and in view of the'change of circumstances, did not care to enter into competition at the second sale; and so the property was sold for only twenty-two thousand dollars, an amount which was all absorbed in the mortgage debts. It must also be borne in mind that the foreclosure proceedings were public and judicial; that no party to those proceedings owed any duty in respect thereto to the complainants; and if the mortgage-property was worth more than the mortgage debts, and if they had any interest in having it realize its full value, it was their right and duty to attend the sale, and either bid themselves the full value or secure others to make such bid. So, concluding this branch of the case, it is clear that the complainants, as heirs, by withdrawing this property from the custody of the administrator, eleased him and his sureties from further responsibility in respect to it; that the subsequent taking possession of this property by the administrator, as executor and devisee of Mrs. Hall, the purchaser from the heirs, did not restore the liability of the sureties on his bond; that any wrong practised by him in reference to the property thereafter, was a personal wrong, and one for which his sureties were not responsible; that the foreclosure proceedings were fairly conducted; and that the ill result which followed from Hall's excessive and unfulfilled bid was not the result of any collusion *or agreeinent between him and the surety Buckner, and therefore was not an ill result for which Buckner, as purchaser at the last sale, can be held responsible. In respect to this branch of the case, therefore, the ruling was properly against the complainants.
Passing to the other, it is nothing but an action at law on an administrator's bond, to recover the value of property unnecessarily and improperly sold by him, and damages which resulted from such sale. It is, in no proper sense, a'bill for an accounting. It distinctly charges thatbthe administrator twice wrongfully sold the overflow lands; that the complainants succeeded in having the first sale set asid on the payment of $1200 to 'the purchasers; that they had no notice of the

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
second sale, and hence were unable to contest it; and they, therefore, seek to recover the value of the land thus improperly and finally sold, and the $1200 which they had to pay on account of the first sale. But, waiving any question as. to whether this branch of the case was improperly joined with that in which a trust was sought to be established in respect to the Mounds plantation, we are of the opinion that the ruling of the Circuit Court was correct on it also, by itself considered. It is indisputable that Mrs. Hall did not pay, as she agreed, the debts of the estate of King; and that the foreclosure sale swept away her entire estate. There remained, therefore, debts due from the estate of King not paid by the heirs, or the purchaser from them of the Mounds plantation. Those creditors had a right to demand the sale of the overflow lands, the remaining property of the estate, for the payment of' their claims. The fact that these claims were debts of the partnership of King and Hall, and therefore claims against both their estates; or the additional fact, if it be a fact, that Mrs. Hall's estate if properly managed could have paid these claims, and did not pay them through the mismanagement of her executor; inno manner relieved the estate of King from its liability, or prevented the creditors froni having the overflow lands sold to satisfy them. The mismanagement, if conceded by Hall as executor of his wife's estate, in no manner affected the question of the liability of the sureties of Hall, as administrator of the estate of King, for a sale of its property. Whatever personal liability Hall may have incurred by the mismanagement of Mrs. HalPs estate, it is no burden resting upon these defendants as sureties on Hall's bond as administrator of King's estate. No liability arises against them, if there were, in fact, unpaid debts agiinst the estate of King, and the property was sold to pay those debts.
Now, the real contention of complainants is not that,there were no unpaid debts of the estate of King, on account of which these lands were sold, but that Mrs. Hall's estate was also liable for these debts; that Hall, as executor, properly managing that estate, could and should have paid those debts out of that estate; and that Montgomery and Delony, two of

WEST v. CAMDEN.-
Syllabus.
the sureties on the administrator's bond, who held these claims, were, by reason of their suretyship, under an equitable obligation to enforce their collection out of Mrs. Hall's estate. Butwe- do not understand that any such obligation was imposed by their suretyship. They did not guarantee Hall's faithful performance of his duty as executor, or become in any manher responsible for what he did as executor. They assumed no obligations in respect to their own claims against the estate of King, either as to the time or manner of their payment. They did not thereby bind themselves to pursue every other joint debtor before asking payment from the King estate. If, by reason of Hall's mismanagement as executor, nothing Was left to Mrs. Hall's estate, their claims against the King estate,' as one of two joint debtors, were in no manner impaired; and the sale of the overflow lands belonging to the King estate, in satisfaction of their claims, was neither illegal nor improper; and that, in its worst aspect, is all that the testimony develops in respect to this branch of the case.
It should also be noticed that Hall's action in respect to these sales was, in fact, compelled by the complainants themselves. They proceeded against him for contempt in not closing up the estate, and it was only in response to such proceedings that he filed his petitions and' made the sales with a view of paying the as yet unpaid debts of the King estate.
Further comment is unnecessary. The decree of the Circuit Court is corrdct, and it is
Affirmed.
WEST . AM[DEN.
ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF IA.RYLAND.
No. 278. Argued April 17, 18, 1890.- Decided May 19, 1890.
An agreement by a director of a corporation to keep another person permanently In place as an officer of the corporation, is void as against pub-
- lie policy, even though there was not to be any direct private gain to the promisor.

MACKALL v. MACKAIJL.
Syllabus.
state commerce, or, by the imposition of burdens thereon, to regulate such commerce, without congressional permission. The same rule tht applies to the sugar of Louisiana, the cotton of South Carolina, the wines of California, the hops of Washington, the tobacco of Maryland and Connecticut, or the products, natural or manufactured, of any State, applies to all commodities in which a right of traffic exists, recognized by the laws of Congress, the decisions of courts and the usages of the commercial world. It devolves on Congress to indicat such exceptions as in its judgment a wise discretion may demand under particular circumstances. Lyng was merely the representative of the importers, and his conviction cannot be sustained, in view of the conclusions at which we have arrived.
The judgment of the Supreme Co-trt of the State of Xichigan is reversed, and the cause remandedfor further proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion.
JUsTIcEs HARLAw, GRAY and BRE W R dissented upon the grounds stated in their opinion in Zeisy v. Hardin,ante, 100.
MA&CKALL v. MACICALL.
A.PPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 159. Argued April], 2, 1890. - Decided April 21, 1890.
A bill in equity was filed to set aside a deed made to one of his sons by the grantor as made under undue influence, and to affirm the validity of a will executed by that grantor a short time before the making of the deed, A decree was entered, affirming the deed as to a part of the property conveyed by it as a confirmation of a previously acquired equitable title,. and setting it aside as to the remainder. The plaintiffs appealed; the defendant took no appeal; Held, that, although the decree was apparently incongruous in supporting the deed as to a part and setting it aside as to the remainder on a bill charging undue influence, yet as no appeal had been taken by the defendant, the court would look into the merits, and that, whatever criticism might be made upon its form, the decree was substantially right.

OCTOIBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
When a husband and wife separate, and one son remains with the father, taking his part, sharing his confidence and affection, and assisting him in his affairs, and the other children go with the mother, taking her part in the family differences, and this state of things continues for years, until terminated by -thedeath of the father, it is natural, and reasonable that the father, in disposing of his estate, should desire to specially pro-, vide for the son who remained with him and took his part; and a deed made by him with this object, and under the natural influences springing from such relationship will be sustained, unless it be made further \to appear that the son practised upon the father imposition, fraud, ,importunity, duress, or something of that nature, in order to secure its execution.
The fact that a party who has received a parol gift .of real estate has entered into possession and has expended money in improvements thereon, presents equitable considerations to uphold a decree establishing a subsequent conveyance as a confirmation of the equitable title.
IN EQUITY. The case is stated in the opinion.
.Mr. . S. Jenkle (with whom was -Mr.R. -.. Newton on the brief) for appellants.
Mr. Jeremiah .. Wilsonr and _r. : S. C. Blackburn for
Brooke Mackall, appellee. .Mr. W Willoughby filed a brief for same.
, r. Robert hristy and his wife, .Mrs. Catharine CMristy, appellees in person.
MR. JUSTiCE BuEw s delivered the opinion of the court.
This is an appeal from a decree of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. The facts are these:
On December 9, 1879, Brooke Mackall, Sr., made a will, whereby he gave tQ his children, other than Brooke Mackall, Jr., all his property, declaring as to said Brooke Mackafl, Jr.; that "by this my last will and testament I do not give, devise, or bequeath to my son, Brooke Mackall, Jr., any part, parcel or portion of my property whatever, as the said Brooke M.ackall, Jr., heretofore received from me many and large advances, and as it would be unjust to my other children hereinbefore named, but I direct Leonard to pay him one

MACKALL v. MACKALL.

169.

Opinion of the Court.

dollar." This will was duly probated. On February 27, 1880, he executed and delivered to Brooke Mackall, Jr., a deed conveying many lots in Washington and Georgetown. A few days thereafter, and on March 7, 1880, he died, being at the time about eighty years of age. On February 14, 1882, complainants, devisees under the will, filed their bill, setting forth the will and the deed, and praying a decree, "declaring null and void and of no effect the deed of conveyance executed on the 27th day of February, 1880, by the decedent to'the defendant, Brooke Mackall, Jr., and ordering the same to be delivered up to the complainants, and affirming the validity of the will made by the decedent on the 9th day of December, 1879." The gravamen of the bill was undue influence on the part of Brooke Mackall; Jr., in securing the execution of the deed. Upon final hearing, a decree was entered as follows by the general term, in w+hich the case was heard in the first instance: "That the deed of Brooke Mackall, Sr., to the defendant, Brooke Mackall, Jr., of February 27, 1880, described in the bill of complaint, shall, as to lot No. 7, in square 223, at the southwest corner of Fourteenth Street and New York Avenue, in the city of Washington, D. 0., and the interest therein described and growing out of the same, operate as a conffrmation of the title, legal and equitable, in the said grantee, the defendant, Brooke Mackall, Jr., as to all the parties to this su't, and shall stand as a deed of conveyance for such purposes; but as to the remainder' of the property described in said conveyance, not relating to said lot No. 7, in square 223, the said conveyance shall be, and the same is hereby, adjudged and decreed to be inoperative, null and void." From that decree the complainants appealed to this court.
As the bill was to set aside the deed as a wh.ole, as having been obtained through undue influence, the decree is apparently incongruous, in that it declares that the deed be sustained as a confirmation of the title of Brooke Mackall, Jr., to lot No. 7, and void as to the other real estate; for if it were, as charged in the bill, a deed obtained through undue influence,, it would seem that it should have been adjudged void in toto, and not sustained in part. It will be observed, however, that

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
Brooke Mackall, Jr., took no appeal; so that the question before us is, not whether there was error in declaring the deed void in part, but whether there was error in declaring it valid in part. Error, if error there was, may have been in either portion of the decree; but the limit of our inquiry is as to whether the deed was valid, and should be confirmed as to lot No. 7. If that part of the decree can be sustained, the incongruity is no matter of concern, for defendants have taken no steps to bring before us the other portion.
Further, in respect to this lot No. 7, it must be observed that the answer alleges that the defendant, Brooke Mackall, Jr., was, and had been for many years, the equitable owner. So, if the deed, as an independent and separate instrument, was valid, or the allegation of Brooke Mackall, Jr., that he was the equitable owner of lot No. 7, is true, any informality in the language of the decree may be disregarded, for in sub-
stance it was right. This compels an inquiry not merely into the circumstances surrounding the execution of the deed, but also as to the relations of the parties to this litigation to one another, and to the decedent.
Mrore than twenty years before his death differences arose between Brooke Mackall, Sr., and his wife, which culminated in a decree of divorce. In those differences Brooke Mackall, Jr., sided with his father, the other children with their mother; and a large part of the record before us is made up of a story of those differences, and of the conduct and testimony of the children. No good purpose would be served by parading in this opinion those unpleasant facts, or by attempting to pass judgment in approval or condemnation of the conduct of either. Charity kindly throws a mantle of oblivion over these matters of long ago; and justice requires only notice of the fact that in the separation of parents the children took part, the one with the father, the others with the mother. During the score of years which intervened between this separation and the death of Brooke Mackall, Sr., the defendant, Brooke Mackall, Jr., was his constant companion and friend. This intimacy was unbroken, save in two instances of short duration each, the latter one being in the fall of 1879, during

MACK ATL

AK1CA 11

Opinion of the Court.

which time the will referred to was executed. That after this ,temporaryestrangement had ceased, he should desire to transfer to this son and constant companion 'his property, is not only not strange, but most natural and reasonable. It is true the deed. was made after his last sickness had commenced; but how natural that during those hours of sickness the relations between himself and his children, during timties of trouble and, length of years, should present themselves to his mind with exceeding force! It is conceded that up to the time of his sickness he was a strong man, physically and mentally. Such a nature forms strong likes and strong dislikes; and at no time are such likes and dislikes so potent as when the thought of approaching death suggests the last action in respect thereto. That up to and including the time of the execution of this deed he retained his mental faculties in full vigor, unclouded by opiates, the testimony of his physician, his pastor, the justice of the peace before whom the deed was acknowledged, his counsel and his nurse abundantly establishes. Indeed, the contention of counsel on the argument was, not that the grantor was ignorant of the scope and purposes of the deed,', or was doing that which he did not intend to do, but rather that the deed thus knowingly and intentionally executed'was. induced by undue influence; and, -inthis respect, reference
was made to the long intimacy between father and son,'the alleged usurpation by the latter of absolute control over the life, habits and property of the former, efforts to prevent others during the last sickness of the father from seeing him, and the subjection of the will of the father to that of the son, manifest in times of health, naturally stronger in hours of sickness. A confidential relation between father and son is thus deduced, which, resembling that between client and attorney, principal and agent, parishioner and priest, compels proof of valuable consideration and bona tides in order to sustain a deed from one to the other. But while the relationships be tween the two suggest influence, do they prove undue influence? In this respect, we quote from the notes to the case of Small v. Small, 4 Greenl. 220, reported in 16 Am. Dec. 259, as follows:

OCTOBE1R TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
"Influence gained by kindness and affection will not be regarded as 'undue,' if no imposition or fraud be practised, even though it induce the testator to make an unequal and unjust disposition of his property in favor of those who have contributed to his comfort and ministered to his wants, if such disposition is voluntarily made. IMatter of 6Geespin's Will, 26 N. J. Eq. 523. . . . Confidential relations existing between the testator and beneficiary do not alone furnish any presumption of undue influence. Lee . v. Lee, 71 N. 0. 139. Nor does the fact that the testator on his deathbed was surrounded by beneficiaries in his will. Bundy v. .Mc-Knight,48 Indiana, 502. . . . Nor that the testator, an old and helpless man, made his will in favor of a son who had for years cared for him and attended to his business affairs, his other children having forsaken him. Eliott's Will, 2 J. J. Marsh. 340; S. C. Redf. Am. Cas. on Wills, 434. It would be a great reproach to the law if, in its jealous watchfulness over the freedom of testamentary disposition, it should deprive age and infirmity of the kindly ministrations of affection, or of the power of rewarding those who bestow them.
"Undue influence must destroy free agency. It is well settled that in order to avoid a will on the ground of undue influence, it must appear that the testator's free agency was destroyed, and that his will was overborne by excessive .importunity, imposition or fraud, so that the will does not, in fact, express his wishes as to the disposition of his property, but those of the person exercising the influence."
That the relations between this father and his several children during the score of years preeeding his death naturally inclined him towards the one and against the others is evident, and to have been expected. It would have been strange .if such a result had not followed; but such partiality towards the one, and influence resulting- therefrom, are not only natural, but just and reasonable, and come far short of presenting the undue influence which the law denounces. Right or wrong, it is to be expected that a parent will favor the child who stands by him, and give to him, rather than the

M.ACKALL q. XAGKALL.
Opinion of the Court.
other, his property. To defeat a conveyance under those circumstances, something more than the natural influence
springing from such relationship must be shown; imposition, fraud, importunity, duress, or something of that nature, muist appear; otherwise that disposition of property which accords with the natural inclinations of the human heart must be sustained. So that if this case turned simply upon the question of undue influence, compelling a voluntary conveyance, it would be difficult to find enough in the testimony to overthrow this deed.
But the case does not rest upon this alone. Brooke -Mackall, Jr., alleged in his answer that lot seven was equitably his, having been given him years before by his father; and this allegation seems to have been recognized as true by the court below, for it established the deed as a confirmation of his title. It appears that in November, 1851, Brooke Mack'all, Sr., purchased the lot, one-half of Key and Dunlop, and the other half of W. W. Corcoran. Neither party at the time made a deed, and from Key and Dunlop the 'title was*only. acquired, thereafter by a decree in equity. A deed from Corcoran was not obtained until some time in 1865. Prior to ,this time the father bad given the property to the son, and placed him in possession. This fact is proved, not alone by the testimony of the son, or the uncertain recollection of witnesses, but from written statements, which 'carry no taint of failing memory, and speak the same language one day and another. On October 6, 1865, Mr. Hyde, the agent for Mr. Corcoran, gave a certificate, in which,. after mentioning the balance claimed to have'been owing, he adds: "This sum hasbeen paid, and Mr. Mackall asks, in lieu of the delivery of the deed as aforesaid to himself, to have, the property conVeyed to Brooke Mackall, Jr.,, he being a party to the same." On November 28, 1865, Brooke Mackall, Sr., gave a deposition, which was filed in a case -in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, in which he stated: "Mir. Corcoran also refused to give me a deed' unless I paid him additional for some back taxes, which I refused to do. I never did get a deed until the other day, since his return from Europe. This property

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.

Opinion of the Court.
I gave my son, Brooke Makall, Jr., some years ago, and he has had it in possession- ever since, and has subdivided them into six lots. There is not a more valuable property in the city, as is the belief of many good judges. He rented the part occupied as a restaurant on the 9th of February, 1863, and has been drawing the rent ever since." There was also filed in the, testimony in that case the following letter and xelinquishment:
"WASHINGTOx, March 3, 1866. "Maj. Gen'l XMEis, Quartermaster General.
"Sm: Ddring the lifetime of Gov. Corwin, I employed him individually in behalf of my son, Brooke Mackall, Jr., of this city, who owns the lot on the corner of New York Avenue and 14th Street, occupied by paymaster-general department, to procure and collect from said department what was due to said Brooke Mackall, Jr, for rent and use*of the premises. Since Gov. Corwin's death neither Brooke nor myself, as his agent, has ever recognized any one except Black,. Lamon & Ca. as attorneys in the premises, as will appear by power of attorney to them from Brooke Mackall, Jr. Mr. Corwin desired me to allow his partner, Judge Johnson, to assist in the claim, but I refused to allow any one but himself to take charge of it, having confidence in him as an old friend.
" Very. respectfully, (Signed) B. MACKALL.

"I hereby relinquish all right to, and authorize Brooke Mackall, Jr., to receive the amount awarded for use of, property on 14th Street and New York Avenue, as it is his.

"Witness:

(Signed) B. M&cALL.

"(Signed)

L. G. BRANDEBURG.

"22d October, 1865."

On July 12, 1871, Brooke Mackall, Sr., filed an answer under oath in said cause, which was entitled Ayred Richards et aZ. v. Brooke Mackall et al., in which he alleged "that he purchased said lot and promised to give it to his son, Brooke, Mackall, Jr., at some future time, but has not since been in

AOTKALL v. MACKALL.

Opinion of the Court.

a financial condition to carry out such intention, and has

never given him any conveyance of the said lot, nor any

paper-writing relating to said lot."

Again, litigation concerning this lot has been twice at least

to this court. .Mackall v. Richards, 112 U. S. 369; Richards

v. Afackall, 124: U. S. 183. In each of these cases the equit-

able title of Brooke Mfackall, Jr., was recognized. We refer

to these various statements and decisions not as conclusive

against the appellants; but as furnishing a solid foundation

upon which to rest the testimony of Brooke Mackall, Jr., that

the lot was given to him twenty years before the execution

of this deed, possession taken, and improvements made by him.

A party who receives a parol gift of real estate, enters into

possession and expends money in improvements thereon, pre-

sents equitable, considerations which will uphold a decree

establishing a subsequent conveyance as a confirmatiQn of his

equitable title. So that in this respect, also, the ruling of the

court below finds abundant support.

Another matter requires notice: The will referred to gives

his property to his children other than Brooke -Mackall,Jr.,

and this, notwithstanding the fact that he had made two prior

wills, giving his property to Brooke Mackall, Jr. But as

explaining this last will, in the second item he says: "I do

not give, devise, or bequeath to my son, Brooke Mackall, Jr.,

any part, parcel or portion of my property whatever, as the

said Brooke Afackall, Jr., heretofore received from me many

and large advances." While no property is mentioned, yet,

reading between the lines, it is evident that the testator rec-

ognized the validity of his parol gift of-lot 7'; and doubtless

that*was what was meant when he said that Brooke Mackall,

Jr., had heretofore received from him large advances. It was

his other property which he was giving to his other chil-

dren; and it would be straining the language of the will to

suppose that therebr he intended to ignore his parol gift, and

to dispossess this son of that which he had given to him

theretofore.

Putting these various matters together, we think that what-

ever criticism may be made upon the form, of the decree,

it is substantially right, and therefore it is

Afflrmed.

OCTOBER TERM, 1889. Citations for Appellant.

LEE v. SIMPSON.

APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED THE DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA.

STATES

FOR

No. 1418. Submitted March 17, 1890, with leave to appellant to file reply-brief In ten days. Decided April 1, 1890.

A testatrix, residing in South Carolina, who died in July, 1866, left a will made by her in 1863, by a co'dicil to which, made in January 1866, she bequeathed to her daughter, then married to C., three-fourths of her interest in a bond and mortgage debt, to be vested in a trustee, who was appointed, and to be enjoyed by the daughter during her life, power bemg given to the daughter, to dispose of such " bequest" as she pleased, "by a last will and testament duly executed by her." In September, 1875, the daughter died, leaving a will executed in September, 1871, which recited that she was " entitled to legacies" under the will of her mother, and to a distributive share in the estates of a sister and a brother, "and notwithstanding my coverture, have full testamentary power to dispose of the same," and then bequeathed to her husband, C., "the entire property and estate to which I am now in any wise entitled and which I may hereafter acquire, of whatever the same may consist," " absolutely and
in fee simple;" Held, (1) The court is authorized to put itself in the position occupied by the
daughter when she made her will, in order to discover from that standpoint, in view of the circumstances then existing, what she intended, (2) The will of the daughter was intended by her to be, and was, a full execution of the power, because it referred expressly to the subject matter of the power; (3) The statement in it as to "full testamentary power" referred to the fact that, although she was a married woman, she had power to "dispose of the same" by a will, such power being given to her by the .will of her mother, and did not refer to the provision of the constitution of 1868 of South Carolina, and the legislation consequent thereon, enabling married women to dispose of their .own property by will,
(4) Outside of her interest in the bond and mortgage, she had practically no property.

IN EQUITY. Decree disnmssmng the bill. The plaintiff appealed. The case is stated in the opinion.

X& Ze Roy F Youmans, -[r J P Carey, and Mr Alex ander C. Zing, for appellant, cited Sewall v ilmer, 132

LEE v. SIJITSON.
Citations for Appellee.
Mass. 131, Jackson v. Chew, 12 Wheat. 153, Henderson v Grzfln, 5 Pet. 151, Carrollv Safford, 3 How 441, Lane v. 'Fick, 3 How 464, .Denn v Bocke, 5 B. &. 0. 720, S. C. (House of Lords), 4 Bligh, N. S. 1, Williman v Holmes, 4 Rich. Eq. 475, Scott v Burt, 9 Rich. Eq. 358, Aaron v Beek, 9 Rich. Eq. 411, Wilson v Gaznes, 9 Rich. Eq. 420, Pulliam v Byrd, 2 Strob. Eq. 134, Bradley v Westcott, 13 Ves. 445, Chsttenden v Brewster, 2 Wall. 191, Bunce v Gallagher,5 Blatohford, 481, Plant v Barclay, 56 Alabama, 561, Blom,. fjeld v Eyre, 8 Beavan, 250 Dormer v Fortescue,2 Atk. 282, Bennet v Thitehead, 2 P Wims. 643, Morgan v .forgan, 1 Atk. 489, ]?oberdeauv ]ious, 1 Atk. 543, Curts v Curs,2 Bro. Oh. 620; Doe v Keen, 7 T. R. 386, .J]ansellv Mansell, 2 P Wins. 678, Bilderback v Boyce, 14 So. Car. 528, Standen v Standen, 2 Ves. Jr. 589, Ellison v Efllison, 6 Ves. 656, Andrews v Emmot, 2 Bro. Oh. 297, Bennett v Aburrow, 8 Ves. 609, Langham v JArenny, 3 Ves. Jr. 467, Morj v Michael, 18 Maryland, 227, Zovell v KYnight, 3 Sim. 275, Wlreatherhead v. Baskerville, 11 How 329, _Fay v Fay,1 Cush. 93, Ha~Jield v. Soher, 114 Mass. 48, Doe v Conszdine, 6 Wall. 458, n re Clinton's Trust, L. R. 13 Eq. 295, Pratt v McGhiee, 17 So. Car. 428, Jones v Curry,1 Swanston, 66, Evans v Evans, 23 Beavan, 1, Osgood v Bliss, 141 Mass. 474; Sewall v RIlmer, 132 Mass. 131, and cases cited, WVhste v 17icks, 33 N. Y. 383, Pank v Eggleston, 92 Illinois, 515, Andrews v. Brummfmeld, 32 Mississippi, 107, TFe5b v Honnor, 1 Jac. & Walk. 352, Bsnghan's Appeal, 64 Penn. St. 345, Wetherill v. Wetherill, 18 Penn. St. 265, Pattersonv Wilson, 64 Maryland, 193, Pease v Pilot Jnob Iron Co., 49 Missouri, 124, Blake v Hawktns, 98 -U. S. 315.
Mr Joseph H. E arle, Mr Augustine T Smythe and Mr A. M. Lee, for appellee, cited. Watts v Ltndsay's IIezrs, 7 Wheat. 158, Pfenn v Uolme, 21 How 481, Fussell v Gregg, 113 U S. 550, Blake v ]iawkzns, 98 U. S. 315, Postlethwaite's Appeal, 68 Penn. St. 477, Clark v Clark, 19 So. Car. 345, Scaife v Thomson, 15 So. Car. 337, Ladd v Xadd, 8 How 10, C'ane v -3oarris,6 Pet. 598, Kelly v Jackson, 6

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
Pet. 622 Blagge v -Miles, 1 Story, 426, Warner v Connect?out jMut. Ins. Co., 109 U S. 357, Carnagy v Woodcock, 2 Munford, 234, S. C. 5 Am. Dec. 470, Reck's Appeal, 78 Penn. St. 432, Still v. fi ear, 45 Penn. St. 168, Finlay v King, 3 Pet. 346 _Maundrell v. .Jaundrell,10 Ves, 246 Caniedy v Jones, 19 So. Car. 297, Boyd v. Satterwh'ite, 10 So. Car. 45, Bilderback v Boyce, 14 So. Car. 528, .Moody v Tedder, 16 So. Car. 557, Roach v. Haynea, 8 Yes. 584, Curtems v Eenmck, 9 Sim. 443, Xunson v. Berdaz, 8 Stewart, (35 N. J Eq.) 376, Whtte v Hicks, 33 N. Y 383.
Mx JUSTIE BLATCHFO:RD delivered the opinion of the court.
This is an appeal from a decree of the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of South Carolina, dismissing the bill of complaint of Isabella Lee, an infant, by her vext friend, Gideon Lee, against Richard W Simpson.
The following are the material facts involved in the case On May 13, 1854, Mrs. Ploride Calhoun was seized and possessed of the tract of land situate in that part of Pickens district which is now Oconee County, in the State of South Carolina, on the east side of the Seneca River, known as the Fort Hill place, containing eleven hundred and ten acres, more or less, and on that day she and her daughter, Cornelia M. Calhoun, sold and conveyed that tract of land, together with certain personal property, to Andrew P Calhoun, for the sum of $49,000, Cornelia M. Calhoun having no interest in the real estate. Andrew P Calhoun executed his bond under seal to Mrs. Calhoun and Cornelia, conditioned for the payment of $40,200 to Mrs. Floride Calhoun, and the remaining $8800 to Cornelia, and, to secure the payment of the bond representing the purchase money, and as a part of the same transactibn, at the same time executed and delivered to Mrs. Calhoun and Cornelia separate mortgages of the same tract of land and of -the personal property, to secure the payment of the sums of money mentioned in the bond. On the 27th of June, 1863, Mrs. Calhoun made her last will and testament, whereby, among other things, she devised and bequeathed as follows

LEE v. SIMPSOT.
Opinion of the Court.
"2. To my daughter Anna Maria, wife of Thomas G. Clemson, of Maryland, I give, devise and bequeath during her life, and for her sole and separate use, the following property My house and lot in Pendleton and the land attached and belonging thereto, purchased by me from Mrs. William Adger, together with the furniture and everything in the house and upon the premises, reserving, however, the silver and such other articles as I may hereinafter specifically give to others, also all my jewelry and the silver cross and .prayer-book presented to me by the church. at Newport, :Rhode Island. AtAnna's death I devise and bequeath all the above-menti ned property to her daughter, Floride Clemson, and at the death of Floride, if she dies without issue,*I devise and bequeath it to my sons', John's and William's, children then living, equally among them, or, if they be dead, to their issue then living."
"119. I am possessed still of a large residue of property, consisting principally of a debt due me by nmy son Andrew for the purchase of Fort Hill, amounting to about forty thousand two hundred dollars, secured to me by bond and mortgage. I have also an unsecured interest m a gold mine in Dahlonega, Georgia, belonging to the estate of my late husband, and also an interest in the estate of my second son, Patrick, and second daughter, Cornelia, besides other property Whatever real or personal property I may possess at my death and not hereinbefore specifically or otherwise disposed of, I direct my executors to sell whenever they shall deem it advisable. I direct.my executors to collect, as fast as possible, the above-mentioned residue of my estate, and, after paying off my%debts and the legacy to Calhoun Clemson, the remainder I wish divided: into four parts, which I dispose of as follows
"20. One part, being the fourth of the above residue, I give and bequeath to my daughter Anna during her life and for her sole and separate use, and at her death I will and bequeath it to her daughter Floride, and at Floride's death, if she dies without issue, I will and bequeath it to the children of my deceased sons, John and William, then living, equally among them, or to their issue if they be dead, issue to represent the parent. The better to effect my intentions an regard

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opidion of the Court.
to the property in this and the second clause given to Anna, I appoint Edward Noble, of Abbeville, trusteer for it and vest in him the legal title. Should Anna at any time. wish to sellthe house and lands in Pendleton or all or any portion of the property given to her for life, the trustee, provided it meets with his approval, is authorized to dispose of it according to the wishes of my daughter, upon having her written request for so doing. he proceeds of such sale the trustee shall hold subject to the trusts and limitations declared in-reference to the original property. The trustee is authorized and required to invest the proceeds, and also the fourth part of the residue herein given to her, in such property or in such way as she may in writing direct, provided it meets with his approval. The trustee is authorized and required from time to time to change such investments as often as he may be directed so to do by my said daughterin writing, provided it meets with his approval, holding always the substituted property or reinvestments subject to the trusts and limitations aforesaid. If from death or any other cause there is no trustee, or if Anna at any time shall desire to change her trustee, she .3hall have the power so to do and to appoint another by any instrument in writing, under seal, executed by her in the presence of two subscribing witnesses; and as often as she may desire to change her trustee she shall have the power so to do by observing the form and solemnity above described.
"21. One-fourth part of said residue of my said estate I give and bequeath to my granddaughter, Floride Elizabeth Clemson, but if Floride should diewithout leaving issue I give and bequeath it at her death to the children of my sons John and William, or-the issue of them if they be dead, the issue to take by representation.
"22. The remaining two-fourths I dispose of as follows To Kate P Calhoun, my daughter-n-law, I give and bequeath the one-half of the one-fourth of said residue of my estate, to be enjoyed by her during widowhood. At her death or marriage, whichever first happens, I give and bequeath the same to such of her -children-being my grandchildren - as may then be alive, but should either of my said grandchildren die

LEE v. SIMPSON.
-Opinion of the Court.
under twenty-one years of age, leaving no child or children, the share of such deceasing grandchild shall go to the survivors or survivor of them or their issue, the issue representing the parent. If Kate should die before me, what I have given her in this will is not to revert to my estate, but is to go to her children -my grandchildren- living at my death, subject to the conditions and limitations above expressed.
"23. The remaimng fourth and half of a fourth of the afore. said residue of my estate I -give and bequeath to my grandsons, John C. Calhoun and Benjamin A. P Calhoun, sons of my deceased son John, and William Lowndes Calhoun, child of my second son William, equally among them, and should either of them die under twenty-one years of age, leaving no issue, the share of such deceased child shall go to the survivor or survivors."
On the 22d of January, 1866, Mlrs. Calhoun duly made a codicil to her last will and testament, wherein, among other things, she revoked the devise of the real property in Pendleton made to Anna Clemson in the second paragraph of her will, and devised the same to other persons, and provided as follows
"2. By the nineteenth clause of the will I directed the said bond debt on. my deceased son Andrew, secured by mortgage on Fort Hill, together with all other property possessed by me and not before disposed of, to be collected by my executors and the proceeds to be, divided into four parts. One part I gave -tQ Anna, one. part to her daughter Floride, and the two other ji rts to Kate and her children, as will appear by clauses 20, 21, 22 and 23 of the -will. I desire now to change the-disposition of the said bond and mortgage debt, and do now give and bequeath it in the following manner Three-fourths of my interest in said bond, and mortgage debt; amounting to about forty thousand two hundred dollars, I hereby give aikd bequeath *to.my daughter, Anna M:. Clemson, to be enjoyed by her under clause twenty of the will, and according to the provisions of that clause to vest in the same trustee and to be subject to all the powers, trusts, conditions and limitations of that clause precisely as the bequests therein made were sub-
VOL. cx-xrv---37

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
ject to them, with this exception and alteration, that my daughter Anna is hereby authorized and empowered by a last will and testament duly executed by her, to dispose of this bequest of three-fourths of said bond and mortgage debt as she pleases. If she does not thus dispose of it at her death, I give and bequeath it, the said three-fourths, to her daughter, Floride, and should the said Floride die without leaving issue I give and bequeath it at her death to her brother, Calhoun Clemson, but, nevertheless, Floride shall likewise have power to dispose of it at her death as she pleases, by a last will and testament duly executed by her. By clause second of the will I gave the furniture and every article of the property in my house in Pendleton and upon the premises, with certain reservations, and also my jewelry and some other small articles, to my said daughter Anna. I now confirm to her the bequests of aforesaid furniture and all other personal property embraced in said second clause, which it is my will that she shall enjoy for life as her sole and separate estate, and at her death I give and bequeath all this personal property to her daughter Florido absolutely To Anna I also give and bequeath the oil portrait of my mother, which by clause fifth of my will I gave to my daughter-in-law Kate.
"3. The remaining one-fourth part -ofmy interest in said bond and mortgage debt against the estate of my deceased son Andrew I give and bequeath to Floride Elizabeth Clemson, my granddaughter, but if she dies with6ut leaving issue I give and bequeath it to her brother, Jhn Calhoun Clemson. She, nevertheless, is hereby authorized and empowered to dispose 6f said fourth part, as she pleases, by her last will and testament duly executed.
"4. Should my granddaughter Floride's death occur before mine, what I have given her in the will and codicil shall not fall into the residuum of my estate, but I give and bequeath it to her mother, my daughter Anna,who shall take it subject to all the trusts, powers and limitations imposed upon the direct bequest to her; and should my daughter Anna's death occur before mine, what I have given her in the several clauses of the will and codicil ;hall not fall into the residuum of my

LEE v. SIMPSON.
Opinion of the Court.
estate, but I give and bequeath the same to her daughter Floride, who shall take and enjoy it as her mother would have done if living, subject to the same trusts, powers, limitations and conditions, and should both Anna and Floride die before me,.what has been given them in the several clauses of the will and codicil shallnot fall into the said residuum, but I give and bequeath the whole to my grandson, John Calhoun
Clemson. "5. Should I at any time collect the aforesaid bond and
mortgage debt, or any part of it, or should Fort Hill be purchased with it, or the money be invested. in any other property, or be retained in band, the property thus purchased, the property thus obtained by investment, and the money thus retained shall be considered and held to be in the place of and the same as the aforesaid bond and mortgage, and shall pass under this codicil as if the same were still in the form of said bond and mortgage -that is to say, shall pass to my daughter Anna and granddaughter JFloride, as aforesaid bond and mortgage debt is directed to be divided between them."
On the 12th of March, 1866, Mrs. Floride Calhoun, and Thomas G. Clemson, (to whom letters of admimstration had been granted in February, 1866, on the personal estate of Cornelia M. Calhoun, who had departed this life intestate and unmarried in that year,) as administrator of the personal estate- of Cornelia, exhibited their bill in the court of equity for the district of Pickens, State of South Carolina, against Andrew P Calhoun and others, for the foreclosure of the mortgage on the tract of land known as the Fort Hill place, executea to secure payment of the bond aforesaid, and for the sale of the land for that purpose,, and at the July term, 1866, of the court a decree'was made, whereby it was adjudged that the mortgage be. foreclosed and the land sold, which decree on appeal, was affirmed by the Supreme Court of the State of South Carolina, and the cause remanded to the Circuit Court for further proceedings in accordance therewith.
During -the pendency of that 'uit; and on the 25th of July, 1866, Mrs. Floride Calhoun departed- this life, leaving in 'full force her last will' and testament, as modified by the codicil

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
aforesaid, and thereafter, on the 7th of August, 1866, her last will and testament and the codicil thereto were duly admitted to probate, and Edward Noble, one of the persons mentioned as executors therein, duly qualified as such on the same day
In August, 1869, Floride E. Clemson intermarried with Gideon Lee, of the State of New York, and the plaintiff, Isabella Lee, is the only child of such mariage, and, on the 27th of August, 1871, the said Floride E. Lee, formerly Clemson, died intestate, leaving surviving her, as her sole heirs-at-law and distributees, her husband, Gideon Lee, and her daughter, Isabella Lee, the plaintiff.
On the 29th of September, 1871, Mrs. Anna C. Clemson made her last will and testament, as follows
"In the name of God, Amen. "Whereas I am entitled to legacies under the last will of my deceased mother, Floride Calhoun, and to a distributive share in the several estates of my deceased sister, Cornelia Calhoun, and my brother, Patrick Calhoun, and, notwithstanding my coverture, have full testamentary power to dispose of the same "Now I, Anna Calhoun Clemson, the wife of Thomas G. Clemson, of the town of Pendleton, in the county of Anderson and State aforesaid, being of sound and disposing mind, memory, and understanding, do make this my last will and testament in manner following"I will, devise, and bequeath the entire property and estate to which I am now in anywise entitled and which I may hereafter acquire, of whatever the same may consist, to my beloved husband, Thomas G. Clemson, absolutely and in fee simple, but should my husband, Thomas G. Clemson, depart this life leaving me his survivor, or should he survive me and then die intestate, in either event I will, devise and bequeath my entire property and estate, as well as that which I may hereafter acquire, of whatever the same may consist, to my granddaughter, Isabella Lee, the child of Gideon Lee, of the State of New York, absolutely and in fee-simple. I hereby nominate and constitute Thomas G. Clemson executor of this my will."

LEE v. SIMPSON.
Opinion of the Court.
The proceedings for foreclosure against Andrew P Calhoun duly went to decree, Noble, executor, having been substituted as one of the complainants, under which the Foit Hill property was sold and purchased by Thomas G. Clemson, as trustee of his wife, on January 1, 1872, and on June 10, 1875, title was made for the same, in pursuance of -an order of the court, to Thomas G. Clemson, as trustee of Anna IM.Clemson, under the will of Mrs. Floride Calhoun, he having been duly appointed such trustee on the 13th of December, 1871. The consideration for said purchase and conveyance appears to have been the mortgage debt of Andrew P Calhoun, and JMr. Clemson, it is alleged, also discharged legacies and demands to the amount of $6964.93 in the purchase and redemption of said property
On the 5th of November. 1873., a partition in kind was made of the Fort Hill property between Anna M. Clemson and Thomas G. Clemson, as her trustee, on the one part, and the plaintiff and Gideon Lee, as her guardian, on the other part, by winch one-fourth part thereof, amounting to about 288 acres, was allotted and set off to the 'plaintiff, and the remainder, amounting to about 814 acres, was allotted and set off to said Anna M. Clemson and Thomas G. Clemson, and the plaintiff thereupon entered into possession of the parcel so allotted' to her, and has ever since remained in possession thereof.
On the 12th of September, 1875, Anna iM.Clemson, otherwise known as Anna C. Clemson, died, leaving inf.ull force and unrevoked her said last will and testament bearing date September 29, 1871, which was duly admitted to probate, and from September, 1875, to the time of his death Thomas G. Clemson remained in quiet, open.and continuqus possession of the property, claiming to hold the same as his individual property in fee-simple.
On April 6, 1888, Thomas G. Clemson died, leaving in full force and unrevoked his last will and testament, bearing date the 6th of- November,. 1886, together with a codicil thereto, bearing date the 26th of' March, 1887, 'which will and codicil were duly admitted to probate on the 20th of April, 1888.

OCTOBER TERIVI, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
In and by the codicil the defendant Simpson was named and constituted the sole executor of the will, and the Fort Hill property was devised to him on certain trusts, fully set out therein, in virtue whereof the defendant entered into and now remains in possession of the Fort Hill property
The bill in this case was filed on the 26th of November, 1888. After setting forth the contents of the will and codicil of Mrs. Floride Calhoun, the foreclosure of the mortgage given by Andrew P Calhoun, the death of Mrs. Floride Calhoun, the probate of her will and codicil, the marriage of her granddaughter, Floride Elizabeth Clemson, to Gideon Lee, the status of the plaintiff as their daughter, the death of Mrs. Lee, leaving her husband Gideon Lee, and the plaintiff as her sole heirs at law and distributees, it alleged that the property so devised by-Mrs. Floride Calhoun for the use of Mrs. Clemson passed to the plaintiff under the provisions of the will of Mrs. Calhoun, that, after the death of Mrs. Calhoun, a decree was made in the foreclosure suit for the sale of the property, that under that decree it was sold, in January, 1872, to Thomas G. Clemson, as trustee for his wife, the said Anna M. Clemson, under the last will of Mrs. Calhoun and the codicil 'thereto, Clemson having been substituted as trustee in the place of Edward Noble, that the sale was -confirmed and the title to the property conveyed to Clemson, trustee as aforesaid, in consideration of the premises, which were a recital of the proceedings in the case and the nominal consideration of three dollars, no money having been paid, and no cash paid into court or into the hands of its officers, except the costs, that the deed to Clemson was duly recorded, and the property thus taken in part payment of the debt of Andrew P Calhoun was held continuously by Clemson as trustee, up to the time of his death, under the trusts created by the will and codicil of Mrs. Calhoun, that thereafter, the plaintiff being then entitled to one-fpurth of the property in fee-simple absolute under the will and codicil of Mrs. Calhoun, and Mrs. Clemson being entitled to a life estate in three-fourths thereof for her sole and separate use, with remainder to the plaintiff on the death of Mrs. Clemson, in case the latter did not exercise the power of

LEE v. SIMPSON.
Opinion of the Court.
appointment by her last will and testament, as provided by the will and codicil of Mrs. Calhoun, the plaintiff's father, acting for her, and Clemson, as trustee under the will and codicil of Mrs. Calhoun, made an informal partition of the property, and since that time the plaintiff had been in possession of about 300 acres of it, and the remainder of it, consisting of about 814 acres, had been in possession of Clemson up to the time of his death, and since that time in the possession of the defendant, claming under Clemson, as trustee under the will and codicil of Mrs. Calholin, that Mrs. Clemson died in September, 1875, Without having exercised the power of appointment conferred upon her by the will and codicil of Mrs. Calhoun, that thereupon the plaintiff became entitled, in feesimple absolute, to the three-fourths of the property then in the possession .of Clemson, as trustee, and to the rents and profits of that part of the property from that time, that Clemson remained in possession of that part of the property subject to the trusts of the will and codicil of Mrs. Calhoun, from the time of the death of Mrs. Clemson until he died, in April, 1888, leaving the plaintiff his sole heir at law, during the whole of which time he collected the rents and profits of the property, amounting m all to over $31,000, without mclading interest, that since the death of Clemson the defendant had in some manner, claiming under Clemson, acquired possession of the .814 acres, and of the rents and profits thereof, without having been appointed trustee under the will and codicil of Mrs. Calhoun, and that the defendant was about to make a deed of the 814 acres, and of such accumulated rents and profits, to uses and purposes which would wholly defeat such rights of the plaintiff.
The bill waived an answer on oath, and prayed for an accounting by the defendant of -the rents and profits of the 14 acres, that the trusts on which Clemson held the property be declared, that the cloud upon the plaintiff's title to it be removed, that she be adjudged to hold the property in feesimple absolute, that the defendant account for. the personal property in which Mrs. Clemson .had a life estate, and in which the plaintiff has an estate in remainder or otherwise,

OCTOBER TERMI, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
which came into his possession, and that he be enjoined from conveying any part of the property, or any of the property of which Clemson died possessed, to any use or trust which would tend in any manner to cloud the title of the plaintiff or defeat her rights in the premises, and for general relief.
The answer set up that Mrs. Clemson, by her last will and testament, duly executed and duly admitted 'to probate, disposed of the property held under the trusts of the will and codicil of Mrs. Calhoun, in favor of her husband, Thomas G. Clemsoir; that from and immediately after her death the property vested in him in fee-simple, and that his continuous and undisturbed possession thereof.from that time was in his own right, and not as trustee.
After a replication, proofs were taken, and the case was heard by the Circuit Court, with the result before stated.
The opinion of -that court is reported in 39 Fed. Rep. 235. It passed upon what is the only material question in the case; namely, as to whether Mrs. CIemson, by her will, exercised the power given to her by the will and codicil of Mrs. Calhoun, to dispose of the bequest of. three-fourths of the interest of Mrs. Calhoun in the bond and mortgage debt of. Andrew P Calhoun, amounting to about $40,200. The conclusion of the court was; that the will of Mrs. Clems6n referred to the property which was the subject of the power and also to the power itself , -that it was her intention to dispose of the property in question by her will, and that such intention was oarried out in due execution of the power.
The recital in the will of- Mrs. Clemson- is as follows " Whereas I am entitled to legacies under the last will of my deceased mother, Floride Calhoun, and to a distributive share in the several. estates of my deceased sister, Cornelia Calhoun, and my brother, Patrick Calhoun, and, notwithstanding my coverture, have full testamentary power fo dispose of the same." It then proceeds as follows "I will, devise and bequeath the entire property and estate to which I am now in any wise entitled and which I may hereafter acquire, of whatever the same may consist, to my beloved husband, Thomas G. Clemson, absolutely and in fee-simple ,'but should my husband,

LEE v. SIMPSON.
Opihlon of the'Court.
Thomas G. Clemson, depart this life, leaving me his survivor, or should he survive me and then die intestate, in either event I will, devise, and bequeath my entire property and estate, as ' well as that which I may hereafter acquire, of whatever the same may consist, to my granddaughter, Isabella Lee, the child of Gideon Lee, of the State of New York, absolutely and in fee-simple."
As Mrs. Clemsou died befbre her husband, and as he did not die intestate, this last devise and bequest 'to the plaintiff did not become., operative, and the clause containing it is of no effect, except as its language may bear upon the proper construction of the entire instrument.
The view taken by the Circuit Court was that, as Mrs. Clemson had the right, for her life, to the enjoyment of the property held in trust for her under the will and codicil of Mfrs. Calhoun, and the absolute power of disposing of it by will, she treated it by her will as being as much hers as the. distributive share, referred to m her will, in the several estates of her sister and brother;. .that it would be too narrow and technical a construction of the will, under the circumstances, so to limit the language, of the devise and bequest as to exclude the exercise of the power; that the mention of the distributive share m the estates of her sister and her brother allowed it to be said that the language of the devise and bequest might have some effect by means of her interest in such distributive share, but that would not be all the effect which the words imported, that, if the intention to pass the property held in trust could be -discovered, such intention ought to prevail, that the intent to -dispose of such property was apparent ,on the face of the will, that,.as. it plainly referred to the property covered by the power, its language could not be satisfied unless the instrument should operate as an execution of th~e power, that the recital in. the will that, notwithstanding her coverture, she had "full testamentary power to dispose of the same," (referring to the legacies under the will of her mother and to a distributive share in, the estate of her sister and brother,) could not be regarded as- merely a reference to the fact that, shortly before that time, married women in South

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
Carolina had, by the constitution of 1868, and the legislation consequent thereon, been enabled to dispose of their property by will, because, in that view, such statement would have been wholly uncalled for, as she could alienate her own property in any way she chose, while the property held in trust for her for her life could be disposed of by her only by will, and that, therefore, the more reasonable inference was that she referred, by the words "full testamentary power," to the will of .her mother, rather than to her own recently acquired legal capacity-, though a married woman, to make a will, as to the property in which she did not have merely a life estate, with a power of appointment.
By the will and codicil of Mrs. Calhoun, the following bequests or legacies were left to Mrs. Clemson (1) A bequest for life of three-fourths of the bond and mortgage debt due by Andrew P Calhoun, (2) A devise and bequest for life of certain real estate, furniture and other personal property mentioned in the second clause of the will and in the second clause of the codicil, (3) A share for life, in a part of the -residuary estate left after the payment of debts; (4) A share for life in the remainder of such residuary estate, if her grandsons should die under age and without issue, (5) Her grandmother's portrait. All of these legacies, except such portrait, were made to Mrs. Clemson for her life. In regard to the portrait, as Mrs. Calhoun died in July, 1866, and Mr. and Mrs. Clemson were then both of them living the rights of Mr. Clemson under the common law rule immediately attached to the portrait, and it became at once his personal property The legacies to Mrs. Clemson or for her benefit were all personal property at the time of her death. The fifth clause of the codicil to the will of Mrs. Calhoun directs that if Fort Hill, the property in question, should be purchased with the bond and mortgage debt, the property so purchased should "be considered and held to be in the pvlge of and the same as the aforesaid bond and mortgage,"-9and should "pass under this codicil as if the same were still in the form of said bond and mortgage," that is to say,- should pass to -Mrs. Clemson and her daughter Floride, as the "aforesaid bond and mortgage debt is directed to

LEE v. SIMhPSON.
Opinion of the Court.
be divided between them." In her will and codicil, Mrs. Calhoun speaks of the provisions made for Mrs. Clemson as "bequests," and also as the "property' given to her.
At the time Mrs. Clemson's will was made, the court had ordered, in July, 1871, the sale of the Fort-Hill property to satisfy the mortgage debt, which then amounted to over $65,000. It was manifest that the property would have to be purchased by the mortgagees, but as, in fact, it had.not been purchased when the will was made, the mortgage debt was still, under the will of Mrs. Calhoun, a legacy of personal property, and would be spoken of properly, in the will of Mrs. Clemson, as a legacy to which she was entitled under the will of-her mother. Moreover, by the terms of that will, the investment in the Fort Hill property was still *to be considered as personal property
Mrs. Clemson's distributive share in her sister's estate was,. at the time Mrs. Clemson made her will, of small value, as she ultimately received from it, at most, only $601.94. Her share in her brother's estate was at that time also small, amounting only to $120.49, although, in fact, she received $150. This was all the property which she had, or supposed she had, when she made her will, and all that she intended to dispose of.
The rents which had accumulated on the Fort Hill property before it was sold under the decree offoreclosure did not belong to Mrs. Clemson. but-belonged to the estate of Andrew LP'alhoun, the mortgage debtor; and when they were received by Mr. Clemson in part payment of the debt they were to be held. by him as trustee of Mrs. Clemson under the will and codicil of Mrs. Calhoun.
Putting ourselves in the position occupied by Mrs. Clemson when -she made her will, as we are authorized to do, in view of the circumstances then existing, in order to discover from that standpoint what she intended, Blake v. Hawkzs, 98 U. S. 315, 324, Poqtlethwaite'sA~peal, 68 Penn. St.-47V, 480, MBfcCall v. ilk Cal, 4 Richardson Eq. 448, 455, &cai.fe v Thompson, 15 So. Car. 337, 357, 6aark v Olark, 19 So. Car. 315, 348, 349, we are of opinion that the will of Mrs. Clemson was intended by her to be, and was, a full execution of the

OCTOBER T RI[, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
power, She was entitled to bequests and legacies under the will .and codicil of Mrs. Calhoun, which they spoke of as "property," and which Mrs. Clemson was authorized to dispose of as she pleased. It was lawful for her to execute such power in favor of her husband. The interest to which- the power applied was at the time personal property, and was a lgacy or bequest. Her will refers to the fact that she is entitled to legacies under the will of her mother, and to a distributive share in the estates of her sister and brother. This is the property which she believed she had, this. is what she really had .and this is what she intended to dispose of by herwill. Thd will, therefore, in referring to the legacies to which she. is entitled under the will of her mother, refers expressly to the subject matter of the power. The second article of the codicil to the mother's will, after bequeathing to Mrs. Clemson, for life, the three-fourths, interest in the bond and mortgage debt, gives her the power "to dispose of this bequest," thus applying.that word to the'remainder which the daughter took no interest in, but merely a power to dispose of., and 'Mrs. Clemson, in using the word "legacies," must have intended to include the interest in remainder, which her mother had called a "1bequest."
As to the legacy of the three-fourths interest for life in the bond and mortgage debt, she had only a power of appointYnent. Her property in it had only that extent, but it bad that extent, and to that extent she regarded it as her property, which consisted of the right, to.the use of it for her life and of the power of disposing of it 'by her will. The state-
ient that, notwithstanding her coverture, she had " full testa, mentary power to dispose of the same," refers to the fact that, although she was a married woman, she had power to dispose of the same by a will, such power being given to her by the will of her mother. The expression has the same meaning as .if it had read "full power to dispose of the same by will."
This power so to dispose of the subject of the power created by the will of her mother she possessed fully, without the aid of the provision of the constitution and legislation of South Carolina enabling married women to dispose of.their own

LEE v. SIMPSON.

589

Opinion of the Court.

property by will, because without a statute of that kind married women coffld always execute powers of appointment. The provision of the constitution and statute might have been necessary to authorize her to dispose by will of her distributive shares of the estates. of her sister aflad her brother, but with her power to dispose of such shares by her will we are not here concerned. By the constitution, adopted in 1868, and the legislation in pursuance thereof, Mrs. Clemson had as full legal capacity to make a will as if she were a feme sole,
and she needed no other power to enable her to do so. Her mother died in 1866, and the power conferred by that will and codicil upon Mrs. Olemson was conferred upon- her as a married woman, and was afterwards exercised by her as a married woman.
We then come to the following language in the will. "I will, devise and bequeath the entire property and estate to which I am now in anywise. entitled and which I may hereafter acquire, of whatever the same may consist, to my beloved husband, Thomas G. Clemson, absolutely and in feesimple." Outside of her interest in the bond and mortgage on the property. in question, to which she was entitled as a .legacy under the will of her mother, she had practically no
property, her interest in her brother's and sister's estates being of such small value. Unless, therefore, by referringto legacies under -the will of her mother, she refers to the .interest in the bond and mortgage, all that she could refer to as having come to her under the will of her mother would be, at most, the oil portrait of her grandmother. It cannot be reasonably supposed that that is the proper construction of the will. As for the interest or income she had derived during her life from the bond and mortgage property, the moment it was received it became her property, and it could not properly be regarded as covered by the expression of legacies to which she was entitled under the will of her mother.
The question of the execution of a power is very fully discussed by Mr. Justice Story in Blagge v Miles, 1 Story, 426. The rule laid down in that case is, that if the donee of the power intends to execute it, and the mode be in other respects

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
unexceptionable, that intention, however manifested, whether directly or indirectly, positively or by just implication, will make the execution valid and operative, that the intention to execute the power must be apparent and clear, so tnat the transaction is not fairly susceptible of any other interpretation, but if it be doubtful, under all the circumstances, then that doubt will prevent it from being deemed an execution of the power, and that it is not necessary, however, that the intention to execute the power should appear by express terms or recitals in the instrument, but it is sufficient that it appears by words. acts or deeds demonstrating the intention. Judge Story states, as the result of the English authorities, that three classes of cases have been held to be sufficient demonstrations of an intended execution of a power (1) Where there has been som6,reference in the will, or other instrument, to the power, (2) Or a reference to the property, which is the subject on which it is to be execilted, (3) Or where the provision in the will or other instrument, executecl by the donee of the power, would otherwise be ineffectual, or a mere nullity, in other words, it would have no operation, except as an execution of the power. The rule thus stated was referred to with approval by this court in Blake v llawkins, 98 U S. 315, 326, and in WaTrner v Connecticut Mutual Life Ins. Co., 109 U S. 357, 366, by the Court of Appeals of New York, in Thste v. Hlicks, 33 N. Y 383, 392; and by the Supreme Court of Illinois, in Fuink v Eggleston, 92 Illinois, 515, 538, 539, 547. See, also, Meeker v Bretntnall, 38 N. J Eq. 345.
Nor is the rule different under the decisions of the courts of South Carolina. Hopkims' Executors v Mazyc, Rich. Eq. Oas. 263, Porcherv Daniel, 12 Rich. Eq. 349, Boyd v Satterwhite,10 So. Car. 45, Bilderback v Boyce, 14 So. Car. 528, -Moody v. Tedder, 16 So. Car 557.
The.counsel for the appellant relies with great confidence on the case of Bilderback v- Boyce, supra, where real estate was devised by- a father to trustees, to permit his son to take the income for life, with remainder to such persons as the son by his will might appoint, and, in -default of appointment, to the children of the son. The son by his will gave, devised and

LEE v. SIMP'SON.
Opinion of the Comt.
bequeathed "all the rest and residue of my estate, whatever and Wherever," to persons named, but did not mention the power or the trust property He had real estate in his own right. The court held that there was no execution of the power, on the ground that the will disposed in general terms of the whole estate of the donee of the power, without any reference in terms to the power or the property, and that the donee's own property satisfied the terms of the will. The land to which the power related was not mentioned in the will, nor was the power referred to, and the terms of the will. were satisfied by the property which the son left, without including that as to which the power existed. But the'court .cites with approval the case of Blagge v .Jfiles, supra,and quotes the passage from it before referred to, and takes as its guide, as the result of all the American authorities, the principle, that "the intention to execute must'be apparent and clear, so that the transaction is not fairly susceptible of any other interpretation."
In the subsequent case of. -Moody v Tedder, supra, one Griggs, by his will, devised and bequeathed to his wife, for life, all his property, both real and personal, empowering her to use and dispose of so much of it as might be necessary for her comfortable support and maintenance, in such, style and manner as she might see fit, and gave whatever portion might be remaining of the property after the death of his wife to the wife of one Tedder. The widow of Griggs, for a consideration, conveyed to Tedder all her ".interest and life estate" in the "property left to me for life" by the will of Griggs. It was held, that the widow of Griggs, as life tenant, had an absolute power of disposing of the property, and that the conveyance to Tedder carried not only the life estate but also the power of disposal, and must be referred to the power which the widow possessed, whether it purported to be an execution of the power or not. The view of the court was that, as the words of the conveyance were "all my interest and life estate," and as Mrs. Griggs had, besides the life estate, no other interest in the property, and as express reference-was made to the property- as to which the -power existed, by

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinon of the Court.
describing it as "property left to me for life" by the will of Griggs, her deed must. be considered as conveying all her rights in the estate, including her power of disposal, although the conveyance made no reference in terms to such power. The court said, that while it was true that the word "interest" was not the technical term to express the idea of a power, it was broad enough, in its ordinary acceptation, to cover it, and that the conveyance was intended to include such power. The opinion added that the question of the execution of a power was one of intention, and it then cited the case of Bilderback v Boyce, supra, as establishing the principl.e, that "if the devisee of the power intends to execute it, that intention, however manifested, whether directly or indirectly, positively or by just implication, will make the execution valid and operative," although "the intention to execute the power must be apparent and clear, so that the transaction is not fairly susceptible of any other interpretation."
In the present case, the will of Mrs. Clemson recites that she is entitled to legacies under the will of her mother. It refers to bequests left to her for life, with the power of disposition. It thus refers to the power and also to ,the property which is the subject of the power, namely, the legacies left to her in her mother's will. Furthermore, the statement in the will of Mirs. Clemson that she has full testamentary power to dispose of those legacies is, in view of the fact that the will of her mother does give her the power to dispose of those legacies as she pleases, an express and direct reference to such power, -because under the constitution and statute of South Carolina, in force at the time Mrs. Clemson made her will, she could have disposed by will of any oth ir property which she had, without the aid of any special power to do so. H1er will then states that she wills, devises and bequeaths to her husband, absolutely and in fee-simple, "the entire property and estate to which I am now in anywise entitled, and which I may hereafter acquire, of whatever the same -may consist." She does not here say "my property and estate," but the language she uses is adequate to include not only what was her own in feesimple and in full right, but also all that in which she was in-

LEE v. SINPSON.
Opuuon of the Court.
terested, or over winch she had any control. The words an anywise entitled" are sufficient to cover not only property which she held in her own full right, but also .property which she held in a limited right under her mothefs will. The word "pCroperty" was the very word use,e byher-mother in describing, in her will and codicil, the estate and interest which she had given to Mrs. Clemson. Thus, in clause 20 of -the will of Ms. Calhoun, which gives to Mrs. Clemson for life a share in the residue of the estate, she speaks of " the property" given to Mrs. Clemson in that clause and in the second clause of the will, the latter clause containing only a devise and .bequest to Mrs. Clemson for life of certain real estate and personal prop erty Therefore, Mrs. Clemson, in using the words -I the en, tire property and estate to which I am now in anywise entitled," must be regarded as referring to that in respect to which she had- the power of disposition by the will of her mother. Otherwise, we have the case of a reference to legacies left to Mrs. Clemson wnder her mother's will, and to her power of disposing of them, which is meaningless unless the language of the devise and bequest which follows covers the property in regard to which she had such power of disposition. At the time of her death, in September, 1815, she had received -all that she was entitled to receive from the estates of her sister and her brother, and there was nothing then left except the property which had come to her under her mother's will, namely, the interest in the -bondand mortgage and the portrait of her grandmother.
The decree of the. Circuit Couit was right, -andit s Affirmed.
VOL. CXxxiV-38

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Statement of the Case.
and -are legally chargeable. He has no power to review, revise and alter items, expressly allowed by statute, nor items of expenditures or allowances made upon the judgment and discretion of other officers charged with the duty of expending the money or of making the allowances. His duty extends no further than to see that the officers charged with that duty have authorized the expenditures q have made the allow ances." 21 C. Cl., 37, 38.
For the foregoing reasons, the judgment of the Court of Clanns is
_________Afirmmd.
COULAM v. DOULL.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE TERRITORY OF UrAH.
No. 124. Submitted November 18, 1889. -Decided January 27, 1890.
Under the statute of Utah, enacting that when a testator omits to provide m his will for any of his children or the issue of any deceased child, such child or issue of a child shall have the same share in the estate it would have had had the testator died intestate, "unless it shall appear that such omission was intentional," the intention of the testator is not necessarily to be gathered from the will alone, but extrinsic evidence is admissible to prove it.
A statute of Massachusetts, touching wills in which the testator fails to make provision for a child or children or issue of a deceased child in being when the will was made, was substantially followed by the legislature of California, and, as enacted in California, was followed in Utah. In Massachusetts it received a construction by the Supreme Judicial Court of the State which the Supreme Court of California had, before the adoption of the statute in Utah, declined to follow. In a case arlsing under the statute of Utah; Held, that the court was at liberty to adopt the construction which was in accordance with its own judgmenlt, and that it was not obliged to follow the construction given to it by the Supreme Court of California.
JOHN COULAM of Salt Lake City, in the county of Salt Lake and Territory of Utah, died at that place -on the 20th day of May, A.D. 1877, leaving him surviving, his widow, now Ann Doull, (she having since his death intermarried with one George Doull,) and John Coulam, George Coulam, Henry Coulam, Fanny Baker and Sarah J Heiner, his children and

COULAMI v. DOULL
Statement of the Case.
buly heirs-at-law At the time of his death, the said John Coulam was seized inifee simple, and in possession, of the following described real property, to wit: "All of lot No. six (6), in block fifty-nine (59), in plot 'B,' Salt Lake City survey, in the city and county of Salt Lake and Territory aforesaid, with the tenements and appurtenances thereunto belonging." He left -a last will and testament, which was duly admitted to probate, and was as follows
"I, John Coulam, being of sound mind and memory, do
make and publish this my last will and testament in manner and form following- I give and bequeath unto my beloved wife, Ann Coulam, all my personal property and real estate, to wit, the sum of one thousand and twenty-five ($1025) dollars, held in trust by Wells, Fargo & Co., and now due me from the Hon. William A. Hamill by note .now m my possession, and I also give and bequeath unto my said beloved wife Ann my freehold estate known and recorded as lot six (6), block fifty-nine (59), plot 'B,' Salt Lake City survey, with all the messuages, tenements and appurtenances thereunto belonging; and all the rest, residue and remainder, and all the debts accruing to me, of my personal estate, goods and chattels of what kind and nature soever I give and bequeath the same to my said beloved wife; and I hereby revoke all former wills by
me made." Upon the 2d of November, 1885, the children of the testator
and one Zera Snow brought an action in the District Court .of the Third Judicial District of the .Territory to recover an undivided interest in the real estate dbove described, the children claiming, as heirs-at-law, three-quarters of the estakte, real and personal, of Coulam, deceased, and Zera Snow, as owner by conveyance from said heirs-at-law made since the death of John Coulam, an undivided one-fourth part of the real estate in question, the plaintiffs together averring title to an undivided three-quarters thereof.
The complaint set up.the will, and alleged "that in or by said will said John Coulam, testator, omitted to provide for any of his said children, the said. plintiffs that it does not appeal that said omission was intentional." The defendant answered.

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Statement of the Case.
and denied "that the omission of said decedent testator to provide in his said will for his said children was not intentional on the part of said testator, and, on the contrary, alleges that said omission was intentional on the part of said testator and so appears." A jury having been expressly waived, the cause was heard by the court.
Upon the trial evidence was offered on behalf of the defendant, and admitted over the objection of the plaintiffs, tending to show that before and after and at the time of the execution and publication of the will, and up to the time of his death, the testator was in full possession of his faculties, and of sound and perfect memory, that he had no other property when the will was executed or at his death, than that mentioned in the will, that he had previously personally prepared the drafts of two other wills, which he called for and which were before him when the will in question was drawn, both of .those prior wills being in his own handwriting and signed by him, and omitting to provide for his children, that the instrument in question was drawn by a Mr. Campbell, to whom the testator gave instructions as to what it should contain, that the testator's wife, the defendant in this action, had lived with him for nearly thirty years, had raised his children, the youngest from babyhood, and had worked hard and helped to make the money with which the houses upon the lot were built, that the children had all attained maturity, were married, and had homes of their own, (chiefly bestowed on them by the testator and his wife,) and were in comfortable circumstances, and that his daughters and sons were in daily attendance upon him during his last illness, and when the will was drawn up and executed. INone of the evidence was offered for the purpose of showing advancements.
The court thereupon rendered its decision in writing, and made and filed the following finding of fact
"That the omission and failure of John Coulam, senior, the testator, to provide for any of his children, the said plaintiffs, in his last will and testament, was intentional on his part."
And the conclusion of law "That the defendant is entitled to recover herein."

COULAN v. D.OULL.
Argument for Appellants.
Judgment was accordingly entered for the defendant, and the cause was brought here on appeal.
M Milliam C. Hall and Mr John A. Xarshall for appellants.
The appellants and the appellee claim under a common source of title, viz. one John Coulam, who died testate in 1877. His will is set out in the complaint, and purports to give Ins entire estate to his wife, the appellee, entirely ignormg the appellants, his children.
(694) Section 10, Compiled Laws of Utah of 1876, p. 2,2, is as follows "When any testator shall omit to provide in his or her will for any of his or her children, or for the issue of any deceased child, unless it shall appear that such omission was intentional, such child, or the issue of such child, shall have the same share in the estate of the testator as if he or she had died intestate, to be assigned. as provided in the preceding section."
(703) Sec. -19,Compiled Laws of 1876, p. 273, provides that if the decedent leave a husband or a wife and more than one child, the estate of the decedent goes one-fourth to the surviving husband or wife for life, and the remainder with the other three-fourths to the children.
Two issues are raised by the pleadings but the second, having been abandoned below, there remains in this court for discussion only the question Was the omssion of the testator to provide in Ins will for his children intentional? The question of law raised by the assignmeAt of errors relates to the admission of parol testimony, tending to prove that the testator intentionally omitted to provide, for his children a part of such testimony being the contents of two drafts of former wills, not published or witnessed.
On the part of the appellants it is contended that the oussion of the testator to provide in his will for his children, by virtue of the statute, annexes to the will the condition that the will shall be void, quoad the children, unless a contrary intention appears by intrinsic evidence, and that the operatioji

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Argument for Appellants.
of this rule of law is altogether independent of the intention of the testator except as that intention may be expressed in the will.
It is a general rule that the intent of a testator must be found on the face of the will, and that extrinsic evidence is inadmissible to .show it, the exception being where such evidence is needed to remove a latent ambiguity Mann v .Mann, 1 Johns. Oh. 231, Tucker v Seaman's Asl Soctety, 7 Met. 188, iSpencer v. liggzns, 22 Connecticut, 526, Zurtz v. Hibner, 55-Illinois, 514.
To this general rule and its limitations as stated we find no opposing authority, but it is contended in behalf of the appellee that this rule is not applicable to the-case at bar.
Our statute on the subject of pretermitted children is but an outgrowth of the common law doctrine of the implied revocation of a will by a subsequent marriage and birth of issue, and the authorities defining that doctrine of the common law will assist in arriving at the proper construction of the statute in question.
Under the doctrine above referred to, it was well settled that no revocation would be implied by law if the testator in his will made any provision, however small, for the future wife and children, such provision furnishing intrinsic evidence that he did not intend the future alteration in his circumstances to work a revocation of his will. .Kenebelv. Scrafton, 2 East, 530, 541.
It was then contended, as it is claimed by appellee in this case, that the entire doctrine was one of presumption raised by the parol proof of extrinsic circumstances, viz. the subsequent marriage and birth of issue, and that a presumption so raised could be rebutted by like parol evidence.
This contention received serious consideration in Marston v Boe, 8 Ad. & El. 14, decided in 1838, the case having been argued in the presence of all the judges of England, with the exception of Lord Denman, as stated in the opinion, and it was in that case decided that no extrinsic evidence would be admissible to prove an intention against revocation, but that the revocation took place by virtue of a condition tacitly an-

COULAX v[. DOULL.

Argument for Appellants.

nexed to the will by the law, independent of the intention of

the testator, except as such intention was expressed in the will.

A portion of the evidence so excluded was, as in the case at

bar, the drafts of two former wills.

And the reason for the exclusion of such evidence is stated

to be, that the statute required wills of real estate to be in

writing, and that the object of the statute was to prevent the

title to real property from being dependent on "the perplexity

and uncertainty of such conflicting evidence."

The same reason exists in this Territory See sec. (654),

p. 265, and sec. (686), p. 271, Compiled Laws of Utah, 1876.

The case of -Larston v Roe has been always followed in

this country 2 Greenl. Ev  684, 685, C. B. & Q Railroad

v Wasserman, 22 Fed. Rep. 872.

In Massachusetts in 1783, a statute was passed containing

the following provision, viz. "That any child or children,

not having a legacy given them in the will of their

father or mother, shall have a proportion of the estate of their

parent assigned to him, her or them, as though such parent

had died intestate.

" Stat. of 1783, c. 24,  8. It was

the well settled construction of this statute by the Supreme

Court of said State, that although the child had no legacy

left him in the will of the parent, yet if an- intention to omit

hu appeared, he would not be entitled to -any portion of the

estate. Tucker v. Boston, 18 Pick. 162, 167, Wilson v. Foseet,

6 Met. 400; S. .39 Am. Dec. ,736. But it was equally well

settled that such intention could only be made to appear by

intrinsic evidence, and that all extrinsic evidence of such in-

tent was inadmissible. See cases above cited.

After this statute was thus judicially construed the laws "of

Massachusetts were revised. See. 21 of c. 62, Rev. Stats., pro-

vided that an heir for whom an ancestor omits to provide

in his will, is entitled to a distributive share of the ancestor's

estate, unless he shall have "been provided for by the testator

in his lifetime, or unless it shall appear that such omission was

intentional, and not occasoned by any mistake or acctdent."

It is stated by the Commissioners for revising the statutes, in

their note to the section last quoted, that it. was taken from

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Argument for Appellants.
Stat. 1783, c. 24, 11adopting the construction which has been gxven to it by the Supreme Court." See brief of counsel for appellee in Wilson v _Fosket, cited ante.
Under this last statute Filson v Fosket was decided in 1843. That case, without overruling the prior cases in Massachusetts under the statute of 1783, or intimating a doubt of their correctness, decided that the commissioners "had builded better than they knew," and that under the new statute parol evidence, including evidence of the parol declarations of the testator, was admissible to show that the testator intended to omit to provide for his child. That case has ever since been followed M Massachusetts under the same statute.
Iowa adopted the Massachusetts statute, last cited, and adopted with it the judicial construction placed thereon by the Massachusetts courts. Zorzeux v Keller, 5 Iowa, 196, S. C. 68 Am. Dec. 696.
We submit that unless the Massachusetts cases under the new statute find their warrant for the admission of extrinsic evidence in the words, "and not occasioned by any mistake or' accident," they are opposed to both principle and the weight of authority It is difficult to conceive how a mistake or accident can be shown except by extrinsic evidence, and such mistake or accident as will permit the child to inherit has been held in Massachusetts to be perfectly consistent with an intentional omission of the child's name from the will. Pamsdill v. Wentworth, 101 Mass. 125.
In M issouri the statute is substantially the same as the Massachusetts statute of 1783, and has uniformly received the same construction, viz. that to disinherit a child it is not necessary that he should be. named or provided for in the will of the parent, if the omission to do so appears to be intentional, but that such intention can only be proved by intrinsic evidence. BradZey v Bradley, 24 Missouri, 311, Burc v Brown, 46 Missouri, 441, Pounds v Dale, 48 Missouri, 270, ]Fetherallv H7arrm, 51 Missouri, 65. See, also, Chace v Chace, 6 R. I. 407, S. C. 78 Am. Dec. 446.
The Utah statute in question is precisely similar, it seems to us, to the Massachusetts statute of 1783 and to the Missouri statute as they were judicially construed.

COULAM v. DOULL.
Argument for Appellants.
'In California in 1868, in the case of Estate of Gaooraud, 35 California, 336, section 17 of the Stat. of Wills of that State, of which (694) sec. 10, Comp. Laws of Utah, 1876, is an exact copy, first received a judicial construction by the Supreme Court. In that case it was held that the intention of the testator to omit to provide for his children can only be gathered from the face of the will, that it can only be proved by evidence competent to prove any other testamentary intention, and that evidence of the acts and declarations of the testator is inadmissible to prove such intention.
Suppose at the time of the actual execution of the will, the testator unintentionally omits to provide for his children, but that afterwards he changes his mind and declares his intention not to provide for them, is the will, ambulatory in the meantime2 and where are such changes to stop 9
If there be any doubt as to the true construction of the statute in question, it would be settled by the consideration, that in adopting the California statute, we adopted its received construction in California, which must be considered as accompanying the statute to this Territory, and forming an integral part of it. Cathcartv Robnson, 5 Pet. 264, Bem v Becker, 1 Kansas, 226.
The leading case of Estate of Garraud,35 California, 336, was decided in 1868. In the case of Estate of Utz, 43 California, 200, decided in 1872, and in Pearson v Pearson,46 California, 609, decided in 1873, the leading case was admitted by counsel to be controlling in California, and its authority has never been questioned in that State.
In 1876, the legislature of Utah Territory enacted a statute of wills, seven sections of which were literally copied from the California act, as it was when the Estate of Garraudwas decided. See sections, 6-12 inclusive, Compiled Laws of Utah, p. 271. One of these sections, section 10, is the one invoked by appellants in this case. It is to be presumed, then, that the legislature of Utah Territory was familiar with the judicial construction of the California statute placed thereon by the highest court of that State, and that they intended to adopt that construction when they adopted the statute.

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opimon of the Court.
Although evidence of all the circumstances which surrounded the author of a written instrument will be received for the purpose of ascertaining his intentions, yet those intentions must ultimately be determined by the language of the instrument. No proof, however conclusive in its nature, can be admitted with the view of setting up an intention inconsistent with the known meaning of the writing itself. For the duty of the court in all these cases is to ascertain, not what the parties may have really intended, as distinguished from what their words express, but simply what is the meaning of the words they have used. It is merely a duty of interpretation, and evidence of surrounding circumstances cannot change the legal effect of clear and unambiguous words. Reynolds v -Fire Ins. Co., 47 N. Y 597, 606, Partrztdge v rns. Co., 15 Wall. 573 -Marylandv Railroad Co., 22 Wall. 105, _Kurtz v llibner, 55 Illinois, 514, Waldron v Waldron, 45 Michigan, 350. There is no pretence made iu this case that the language of the will is not clear and unambiguous.
The uniform language of the authorities is to the effect that no intention to omit to provide for the children appears by reason of the absolute devise to the appellee. C. B. & Q Railroadv Wasserman, 22 Fed. Rep. 874, Pounds v Dale, 48 Missouri, 270, Ramsdill v Wentworth, 106 Mass. 320, Bush v Lndsay, 44 Califorma, 121.
Ar Benjambn Sheeks and Mr" Josep L. Rawlins for appellee.
MR. CHiEF JusTicE FULL R, after stating the case as above, delivered the opinion of the court.
Accepting the finding of fact that the testator intentionally excluded his children from any share of the prouerty disposed of by the will, respecting which, upon this record, there could be no doubt, the only question in the case is as to whether the court erred in admitting extrinsic evidence to establish that the omission to provide for the children was intentional. The solution of this question depends upon the proper construction of the statutes of Utah bearing upon the subject.

COULAM v. DOULL.
Opinion of the Court.
'Under those statutes a will or codicil to "pass the estate-of the devisor" must be in writing, and by section one of "An Act relative to the Estates of Decedents," approved February 18, 1876, which is. section 685 of the Compiled Statutes of Utah of that year, "every devise purporting to convey all the real estate of the testator" carried that subsequently acquired, ",unless it shall dlearly appear by his or her will that he or she intended otherwise."
Sections 9, 10 and 12 are as follows (693) "S~c. 9. When any child shall have been born, after the making of its parent's will, and no provision shall have been made for him or her therein, such child shall have the same share in the estate of the testator, as if the testator had died intestate, and the share of such child shall be assigned as provided by law, in case of intestate estates, unless it shall be apparent from the will that it was the intention of the testator that no provision should be made for such child. (694) "SE. c. 10. When any testator shall omit -to provide in his or her will for any of his or her. children or for the issue of any deceased child, unless it shall appear that such omission was intentional, such child, or the issue of such child, shall have the same share in the estate of the testator as if he or she had died intestate, to be assigned as provided in the preceding section." (696) "SEC. 12. If such. child, or children, or their descendants, so unprovided for, shall have had an equal proportion of the testator's estate bestowed on them in the testator's lifetime, by way of advancement, they shall take nothing in virtue of the provisions of the three preceding sections." 'Compiled Laws of Utah, 1876, 262, c. 2, tit. 14. Section 19 provides that, .incase of intestacy, if the decedent left a husband or a -wife and more than one child, the estate of- the decedent shall go, one-fourth to the surviving husband or wife for life and the remainder with the other three-fourths to the children. It will be seen that section 12 applies to-advancements during the lifetime of the testator, and section 9 to a child born after the execution of the will, no provision having been -made
VOL. CXX=-I5

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
for it therein. The child is to take its share as provided by law in case of intestacy, "unless it shall be apparent from the will that it was the intention of the testator that no provision should be made for such child." And section 10 relates to children in being, or the issue of any deceased child, at the time of the execution of the will, who are to take as in case of intestacy, "unless it shall appear that such omission was intentional."
As to a child born after the making of the will; the intention to omit must be apparent from the will, as to children in being when the.will is made, the statute does not say how it shall appear that the omission was intentional. But it is insisted on behalf of appellants that such intention is required in the latter case also to appear from the will, and cannot be shown by evidence aliunde.
The source of the statute under consideration was undoubtedly that of Massachusetts upon the same subject, though it is said that this particular statute was taken from a similar one in California.
The first and second sections of an act of the Province of Massachusetts, passed in the year 1700, (12 Win. 3,) with their preambles, read as follows "Forasmuch as it often happens that children are not borne till after the death of their fathers, and also have no provision made for them in their wills,
"IBeit therefore enacted, etc., That as often as any child shall happen to be borne after the death of the father, without having any provision made in his will, every such posthumous child shall have right and interest in the estate of his or her father, in like manner as if he had died intestate, and the same shall accordingly be assigned and set out as the law directs for the distribution of the estates of intestates.
"And whereas,through the anguish of the diseased [deceased] testator, or through his solicitous intention though in health, or through the oveiisight of the scribe, some of the testator's children are omitted and not mentioned in the will, many children also being borne after the makeing of the will, th6 in the lifetime of their parents,
"Be it therefore enacted,etc., That any child or children not.

COULAX v. DOULL.
Opinion of the Court.
having a legacy given them in the will of their father or mother, every such child shall have a proportion of the estate of their parents given and set out unto them as the law directs for the distribution of the estates of intestates, p)rovided such child or children have not had an equal proportion of his. estate bestowed on them by the father in his lifetime." 1 Mass. Province Laws, 429, 430.
This provincial act was in effect repealed by an act of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, passed February 6th, 1784; by which it was revised, the phraseology somewhat changed,
and the preambles omitted. Mass. Stat. 1783, c. 24  1, 8.
By the first section of this latter act any person seized in fee simple of any estate is authorized to devise the same to and among his children or others, as he shall think fit, without any limitation of persons whatsoever. By the eighth section ib s provided "that any child or children, or their legal representatives in case of their death, not. having a legacy given him, her or them in the will of their father oi mother, shall have a proportion of the estate of their parents assigned unto him, her or them-, as though such parent had died intestate, provided such child, children or grandchildren have not had an equal proportion of the deceased's estate bestowed on him, her or them in the deceased's lifetime."
The Supreme Judicial Court held that the object of the statute was to furnish a remedy solely for those cases, where, from accident or other causes, the children or grandchildren might be supposed 'to have been forgotten by the testator in making his will, and' that, whenever from the tenor of the will or any.part of it, sufficient evidence appeared to indicate that the testator had not forgotten his children or grandchildren; as the case might be, when he made his will, they should not be entitled to a distributive share of his estate, although no legacy was given them by the will. Terry v Foster, 1 Mass. 146, Wild v. Brewer, 2 Mass. 570, Church v Crocker '3 Mass. 17, Wider v Gbss, 14 Mass. 357.
Thus, although the statute provided that a child should take, notwithstanding its name was omitted, the court ruled that if on the face of the will it appeared that such omission was in-

OCTOBER TERN, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
tentional, the child could not take, hence, whenever the will was silent the child took, and to prevent that result, where such silence was by design, the statute was amended, so as to read as follows
"When any testator shall omit to provide in his will for any of his children, or for the issue of any deceased child, they shall take the same share of his estate, both real and personal, -that they would have been entitled':to if he had died intestate, unless they shal have been provided for by the testator in is lifetime, or unless it shall appear that such omission was intentional, and not occasioned by any mistake or accident." Rev Stat. Mass. 1836, c. 62,  21.
How appear? Evidently aliunde the will. If it must appear upon the face of the will that the omission was intentional, the words inserted in- the statute were superfluous, for if it did so appear the child could not take, notwithstanding the provision that in case of omission it should take, inasmuch as the latter provision was only inserted to give the omitted child a share, not against the intention of the testator, but because of the presumption of an oversight. Hence in IWilson v Fosket, 6 Met. 400, the court held that. under the statute as amended, evidence ddors the will was admissible to establish that the omission was intentional, and such is the settled law of Massachusetts. Converse v. Wales, 4 Allen, 512, Buckley v Gerard,123 Mass. 8 , Ramsdill v WeVdwortkt, 101 Mass. 125. In the latter case the court said "The opera.tion of the statute is peculiar, but there is no violation under it of the rules of evidence. The only issue is, whether provision was omitted in tho will by design, and without mistake or accident. Parol evidence is admitted, although the result may change or modify the disposition of the testator's estate. The will is used to show that there is no legacy under it, and however the issue may be established, there is no conflict with its terms."
In Bancroft v Ives, 3 Gray, 367, the statute of Massachusetts was held to apply to children born after the making of the will and before the death of their father. The argument was pressed thqt the language "omit to.provide in his will" neces-

COULAM v. 'DOULL.
Opinon of the Couit.
sarily meant and should be confined to children living at the time of making the will. This argument was regarded by Chief Justice Shaw as plausible but not sound, because as. a man's will is ambulatory until his decease, the time to which the omission applied was the time of the testator's death. If, therefore, he -hadthen made no provision by his will, the case of the statute arose, for he had made a will, but left a child without having made any provision for such child.
By the Utah statute, however, specific provision is made for children born after the making of the will, and also for children in being but omitted when the will is made. Children born after the making of the will but before.the decease, inherit, unless it appears from the will that the testator intended that they should not. And this applies to posthumous children.
Mr. Jarman -ays it down that marriage and the birth of a child, conjointly, revoked a man's will, whether of personal or real estate, these circumstances producing such a total change in the testator's situation as to lead to a presumption that he could not have intended a disposition of property previously made to continue'unchanged. But this effect is not produced where there is a provision made for both wife and children by the will itself, enebeZ v Scrafton, 2 East, 530, or by a previous settlement providing for both. 1 Jarman on Wills, 4th Eng. ed., 5th Am. ed. *123, *125.
Revocation, treated as matter of presumption merely., was thought, in Brady v- Cubitt, 1 Doug. 31, open, to be rebutted by parol evidence, *and this is guardedly conceded by Chancellor Kent in Brusk v Wilkzns, 4 Johns. Ch. 506, and by Mr. Greenleaf, vol. 2,  684. But, as is stated in a note to that section, the doctrine that the presumption is not conclusive has been overruled, upon great consideration, in the cases of Xrarston v Boe, S Ad. & El. 1-, and Israeli v Rodon, 2 Moore -P 0. 51, in the former of which it was, among other things,
resolved, that, " where an unmarried man, without children by a former marriage, devises all the estate he has at the time of making his will, and leaves no provision for any child of a future marriage, the law annes_ to suck will the tacit condition that if he afterwards marries, and has a child born of such

OCTOBER TERM, 1989.
Opmlon of the Court.
marriage, the will shall be revoked," and that "evidence not amounting to proof of publication, cannot be received in a court of law, to show that the testator intended that his will should stand good, notwithstanding his subsequent marriage and the birth of issue, because these events operate as a revocation by force of a mle of law, and independent of the testator."
The subject is regulated in this country by the statutes of the several States and Territories, marriage alone working revocation under some, and both marriage and birth of issue being required under others, while subsequently born children, unprovided for, are allowed to take unless a contrary intention appears.
But the provisibn we are considering concerns children in being when the will is made. As to children born after death or the making of the will, the reason why the intention to omit them should appear on the face of the will is obvious. It is the same as that upon which the doctrine of revocation rests- the change in the testator's situation. But this reason loses its force so far as children living when the will is made are concerned, and this explains the marked difference between the sections of the statutd before us applicable co the two classes.
The statute raises a presumption that the omission to provide for children or grandchildren living when a will is made is the result of forgetfulness, infirmity or misapprehension, and not of design, but this is a rebuttable presumption, in view of the language employed, which negatives a taking contrary to an intentional omission, and at the same'time leaves undefined the mode by which the affirmative purpose is to be established.
Legal presumptions drawn by the courts independently of or against the words of an instrument may be, in some instances, repelled by extrinsic evidence, and this statutory presumption of an unexpressed intention to .provide may be rebutted in the same way
Under section 12, a pretermitted child is entitled to no share if it has had an equal proportion by way of advancement, but it is not contended that this fact must necessarily appear from

COULAM v. DOQULL.
Opinion of the Court.
the will when that is not required by statute, yet proof of advancements and of intentional omission alike defeat the claimant.
The rule as to patent and latent ambiguities, so far as analogous, sustains the same conclusion. Where a devise is, on the face of it, clear and intelligible, yet from external circumstances an ambiguity arises as to which of two or more things, or of two or more persons, the testator referred to, it being legally certain that he intended one or the other, evidence of his declarations, of the instructions given for his will, and of other circumstances of the liker nature, is admissible to determine his intention.
The will in this case is entirely unambiguous. The testator's intention was that his wife should have the property There being children at the time of the execution of .the will, an ambiguity may be said to have been created by operation of the statute, as to their having been intentionally omitted, which ambiguity evidence of the character named at once removed.
Children so situated do not set up title under the will but under the statute. The will is used to establish that they have no legacy or devise under it. Then the inquiry arises whether the testator intended to omit them. Evidence that he did does not conflict with the tenor of the will. It simply proves that he meant what he said. Instead of tending to show the testator's real purpose to have been other than is apparent upon the face of the will, it confirms the purpose there'indicated. The fact of the existence of. children when a will is made is proven dehors the instrument, and since -under the statute that evidence opens up a question as to the testator's intention, which but for the statute could not have arisen, and which by the statute is not required to be determined by the will, we cannot perceive why the disposal of it should be so limited.
It is contended that the statutory provision in question was copied from that of California, and that we are bound by the construction previously put upon it by the courts of the latter State. The California act declared that in case of the omission

OCTOBER TERITY, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
of the testator to provide m his will for his children, they should be entitled to the same share as in case of intestacy, "unless it shall appear that such omission was intentional." Laws of California, 1850, c. 52, , 17.
In Payne v Payne, 18 California, 291, 302, the Supreme Court of California, speaking through its then Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Field, said "The only object of the statute is to protect the children against omission or oversight, which not unfrequently aTises from sickness, old age, or other infirmity, or the peculiar circumstances under which the will is executed. When, however, the children are present to the mind of the testator, and the fact that they are mentioned by him is conclusive evidence of this, the statute affords no protection, if provision is not made for them. The inference follows that no provision was intended;" and Terry v Foster, Wild v Brewer, Church v Crocker, and Wilder v. Goss, su.pra, were cited.
But in the Matter of the Estate of Garraud,35 California, 336, it was held that evidence aliunde the will was not admissible to show that the omission to make provision for children was intentional, and, in respect to the Massachusetts decisions, the court was of oDpinon that the words "and not occasioned by any mistake or accident," found in the statute of Massachusetts but not i- that of Californxa, were very material, and furnished the real ground for the admission of extrinsic evideuce. We do not think so. While those words may strengthen the argument in favor of the admissibility of the evidence, it by no means follows that the construction of the statute should be otherwise in their absence. The evidence which shows that the omission was intentional establishes that it was not through accident or mistake. Action purposely taken by one in the sufficient possession of his faculties, and not induced by fraud or undue influencei excludes in itself the idea of casualty or error.
We are satisfied that this particular phraseology was used out of abundant caution, as serving to render the proper construction somewhat plainer, and that the construction must be the same, although those-words are not used.

THAW v. RITOCHE.
Syllabus.
tract known as Green River Island, and that the jurisdiction 'of Kentucky at that time extended, and ever since has extended, to what was then low-water mark on the north side of that channel, and the boundary between Kentucky and Indiana must run on that line, as nearly as it can now be ascertained, after the channel has been filled.
Judgment mfavor of the claam of -Yentucky will be entered in conformsty wzth thts opmwn, and commissionerswill be appointed to ascertan and Pun the boundary line as herein designated,and to report to ths court, upon which, appointment counsel of thepartieswill be heard on notice. And it is so ordered.
THAW v. RITCEIE.
E OR TO THE SUPREME COVT OF THE DISTICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 264. Argued April 15, 16, 1890.-Decided May 23, 1890.
Under the statute of Maryland of 1798, c. 101, sub-ch. 12,  10, the orphans' court of the District of Columbia had authority to order, a sale by a guardian of, real estate of his infant wards for their maintenance and education, provided that before the sale its order was approved by the Circuit Court of the United States sitting in chancery.
The statute of Maryland of 1798, c. 101, sub-ch. 12,  10, is not repealed by the act of Congress of March 3, 1843, c. 87.
The authority of the orphans' court of the District of Columbia under the statute of Maryland of 1798, c. 101, sub-eh. 12,  10, to order a sale of an infant's real estate for his maintenance and education is not restricted to legal estates, or to estates in possession.
A testator devised all his real and personal estate to his widow for life, in trust for the equal benefit of herself an4 their two children or the survivors of them, and devised all the property remaining at the death of the widow, to the children or the survivor of them in fee; and if'both children should die before the widow devised all the property to-her in fee. Held, that the widow took the legal estate .n the real property for her life; that she and the children took the equitable estate therein for her life in equal shares; and that the children took vested remainders in fee, subject to be divested by their dying before the widow.
The minute book of a court of chancery is competent and conclusive evidence of its doings, in the absence of an extended record.
Real estate devised to the testator's widow for life for the equal benefit of

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Statement of the Case.
herself and their two infant children, and devised over in fee to the children after the death of the widow, and to her if she survived them, was ordered by the orphans' court of the District of Columbia, with the approval of the Circuit Court of the United States sitting in chancery, to be sold, upon the petition of the widow and guardian, alleging that the testator's property was insufficient to support her and the children, and praying for a sale of the real estate for the purpose of relieving her immediate -wantsand for the support and education of the children. Held, that the order of sale, so far as it cop aerned the infants' interests in the real estate, was valid under the statute of Maryland of 1798, c. 101, subch. 12,  10. An order of the orphans' court of the District of Columbia, approved by the Circuit Court of the United States sitting m chancery, under the statute of faryland of 1798, c. 101, sub-ch. 12,  10, for the sale by a guardian of real estate of his infant wards for their maintenance and education, cannot be collaterally impeached for want of notice to the infants, or of a record of the evidence on which either court proceeded, or of an accounting by the guardian for the proceeds of the sale.
Tins was an action of ejectment, brought December 12, 1882, by Columbus Thaw against Maria Ritchie to recover possesson of an undivided half of lots 1 and 4 in square 160 in the city of Washington.
At the trial, on the general issue, before Chief Justice Cartter, the plaintiff introduced evidence that his father, Joseph Thaw, died in 1840, serzed and possessed of these lots under a title derived from the United States, and leaving a will, dated February 26, 1840, and duly admitted to probate in the same year, which (omitting the formal commencement and conclusion) was as follows
"Imprimis. I hereby appoint and cofistitute my beloved wife, Eliza Vran Tyler Thaw, to be the guardian of my two youngest children, to wit, my daughter, Columbia Thaw, and my son, Columbus Thaw, and to act in trust for them in all things as fully as I would do if living.
"Item. I give and bequeath to my said beloved wife Eliza all my property of every description, real and personal, to hold and enjoy during her natural life, in trust for the equal benefit and maintenance of herself and of my daughter Columbia and of my son Columbus, the two children above named, and if either of them shall die before arriving at the age of majority, then she is to hold the whole property as above for

THAW v. RITCHIE.
Statement of the Case.
the equal benefit of herself and the survivor of the two abovenamed children, or if both of the said children shall die before their mother, my said wife, then she, my said wife Eliza, shall hold the said property during her natural life for her sole own use and benefit, and in no case shall she, my beloved wife Eliza, be deprived of the use of any part thereof during her natural life for the maintenance of herself and of the two children aforesaid, while they, or of either, while either of them shall live, or of herself, while she shall survive them both.
"Item. I give and bequeath to my two children above named, Columbia and Columbus, in equal parts, to their heirs and assigns forever, all my estate, real and personal, that shall remain at anc& after the death of their mother, my said wife Eliza, or if either of them shall not survive their mother, then I will that the surviving one shall have the whole.
"Item. If both of my said children shall die before their mother, then, on the demise of the last survivor of them,-I give and bequeath to my beloved wife Eliza, to her heirs and assigns forever, for her own proper benefit, all my estate of every description.
"I do moreover hereby constitute and appoint my beloved wife, Eliza Van Tyler Thaw, above named; the sole executrix of this my last will and testament, and authorize her to administer and execute the same without giving security in any way whatever."
The plaintiff also introduced evidence tending to show that -ns mother, Eliza V Thaw, died in February, 1866, and, for the purpose of showing a severance of the joint tenancy claimed to have existed between himself- and his sister Columbia Thaw in these lots, put in evidence a deed, dated May 16, 1848, from his sister and one Henry Walker of their interest in these lots to Agricol- Favier, a deed, dated October 22, 1874, from a trustee appointed in a suit in equity for the partition of Favier's real estate, after his death, purporting to convey the whole of these lots to one Ingersoll, a deed of thelots, dated May 24, 1878, from Ingersoll to Mary J France, and the will of Mrs. France, admitted to- probate m January, 1881, devisinj all her real estate to the defendant.

OCTOBER TElMN, 1889.
Statement of the Case.
It was admitted that the real estate sought to be recovered was worth more than $12,000, and that the defenuant was in possession thereof, claiming title adversely to the plaintiff.
The defendant claimed title under a deed of the two lots to Favier from Eliza V Thaw, dated .arch 17, 188, purporting to be executed pursuant to an order of sale made upon her petition by the orphans' court for the county of Washington in the District of Columbia, and approved by the Circuit Court of the United States of the District of Columbia, sitting as a court of chancery In support of this defence, the defendant offered in evidence, and the court admitted, against the objec tion and exception of the plaintiff, the following matters
(1) From the office of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, a book, entitled "Chancery Rules No. 4," of its predecessor, the Circuit Court of the United States of the District of Columbia, containing this entry
"No. 344-. Eliza V Thaw, guardian to Columbus and Columbia Thaw, infant children of Jos. Thaw, dec'd. Petition, exhibit, decree of orphans' court. 1844, Oct. 12. -D ecree affirming decree of orphans' court."
(2) From the same office, the only paper on file there in said case No. 344-, certified by E. N. Roach, register of wills, under date of April 29,1844, to be " a true copy from an original filed and recorded in the office of the register of wills ior Washington County aforesaid," and consisting of a petition addressed to the judge of the orphans' court for that county dated March 29,1844, signed by Eliza V Thaw, and having annexed to it a certificate of a justice of the peace to her oath tnat" the facts contamed in the within petition are true to the best of her knowledge and belief," together with the order of the orphans' court thereon, which petition and order were as follows
"To the lion. N. P Causin, judge of the orphans' court of Washington County
"The petition of the subscriber respectfully represents that she has paid all the debts due by her deceased husband, Joseph Thaw, and that the property left by the deceased is insufficient to support her and the children provided for in the

THAW v. RITCIIIE.

Statement of the Case.

will of the deceased, and a portion of the estate belonging to

the deceased consists of two vacant and unimproved lots of

ground situate, lying and being in the city of Washington, in

the District of Columbia, to wit, lots numbers one and four in

square number one hundred and sixty Your petitioner re-

spectfully prays that the court will deem it expedient and

cause the said lots to be sold for the purpose of relieving the

immediate wants of the petitioner and for the support and

education of the children named in the will of the said Joseph

Thaw, deceased, and that an order may be granted for the sale

thereof at an early a day as practicable, and, as in duty

bound, will ever pray, etc.

"29th March, 1844.

ELiZA V THAW"

"Orphans' Court of Washington, D.C.
"In the Case of the Petition of Eliza V Thaw, Executrix and Guardian to Columbia and Columbus Thaw, Minor Children of Joseph Thaw, deceased.
"This case connng on to be heard in the orphans' court O.n the petition, exhibits, accompanying proofs and representation of said Eliza V Thaw in her capacity as guardian and executrix aforesaid, the same were by the court read and duly considered, and thereupon it is by the said court, this 29th day of March, 1814, ordered, adjudged and decreed, provided that the Circuit Court of the District of Columbia for the county of Washington, sitting as a court of chancery, shall by its proper -order in the.premises approve thereof, that the said guardian, for the petitioner's minor children of said Joseph Thaw and her self, be and she is hereby authorized and empowered to sell the said real estate mentioned in said petition, at publio or private sale, after such notice by advertisement as she shall deem reasonable and sufficient- on the following terms, viz., either for cash or on credit, at the option of the said guardian, and on the full payment of the purchase-money and interest, and on the ratification of the sale by this court, to execute to the purchaser, his heirs or assigns, at his or their cost and request, a valid and sufficient deed of conveyance in fee simple of the said premises, with all the right and estate therein of the said

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Statement of the Case.
Columbia and Columbus Thaw, minor children aforesaid, provided that the said guardian, before proceeding to act hereunder, shall file with the register of wills her bond, witl4 security, to be approved by the judge of this court, in the penalty of seven hundred and fifty dollars, with the usual condition for the due and faithful performance of the trust reposed in her as guardian of said children, and immediately after making said sale to report the same under oath to this court.
"NATH'L POPE CAUSIN."
(3) Certified copies of two bonds, each executed by Eliza V Thaw as principal, and Renry Walker and John Walker, as sureties, to the United States.
One of these bonds, dated March 22, 1844, was in the penal sum of $725, and upon the condition that if "the abovebounden Eliza Van Tyler Thaw, as guardian to Columbia and Columbus Thaw, orphans of Joseph Thaw, of Washington County, deceased, shall faithfully account with the orphans' court of Washington County, as directed by law, for the management of the property and estate of the orphans under her care, and shall also deliver up the said property agreeably to the order of the said court, or the directions of law, and shall in all respects perform the duty of guardian to the said Columbia and Columbus Thaw, according to law, then the above obligation will cease, it shall otherwise remain in full force and virtue in law"
The other bond, dated May 17, 1845, was in the penal sum of $750, and upon this condition "Whereas Eliza V Thaw, by a decree of the orphans' court of Washington County aforesaid, and confirmed by an order of the Circuit Court of the District of Columbia for the county of Washington, aforesaid, has been appointed trustee to sell the real estate of the late Joseph Thaw, mentioned in said order, for the support and maintenance of Columbia and Columbus Thaw, minors, as will more fully appear by the said decree, reference being thereto had Now the condition of the above obligation is such that if the above bounden Eliza V Thaw do and shall

THAW v. RITCHIE.
Statement of the Case.
well and faithfully perform the trust reposed in her as trustee aforesaid by the said decree, or that may be reposed in her by any further decree or order in the premises, then the above obligation to be void, otherwise in full force and virtue in law"
(4) A book of records from the office of the register of wills for the District of Columbia, entitled "Guardians' Docket No. 2," containing numerous entries relating to proceedings of guardians in the orphans' court from 1818 to 1860, but no proceedings of the court relating to the sale of real estate, and the only entry in which relating to Eliza V Thaw's guardianship was as follows
"Eliza V Thaw, guardian to Columbia Thaw and Columbus Thaw, orphans of Jos. Thaw Bond, March 22, 1844, $725, H'y Walker, Jno. Walker, sureties. Trustee bond, 17 May, 1845, $750, H'y Walker, E. Walker, sureties."
(5) Another book of records from that *office,entitled "Liber E. N. R. No. 2. Proceedings 1846 to 1861," the entries in which appeared to be consecutive, and which was the only record in that office of proceedings between those dates relating to sales of real estate, and was made by binding up loose scraps of paper in the handwriting of E. N. Roach, register of wills during those years,. previously kept in portfolios, and. contained the only record to be found in the office relating to the real estate of- Joseph Thaw, namely, among the proceedings of the orphans' court on Friday, January 21, 1848, the following- "Sale of real estate of Jos. Thaw, dec'd, filed. Order of approval filed," or "for," the last word being indistinct and uncertain.
(6) Testimony of the assistant clerk of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, and of persons who had served or had made searches in theL registry of wills, that there was great confusion in the records, both of the Circuit Court of the United States of the District of Columbia, and of the orphans' court, before the organization of the Supreme Court of the District of Cblumbia in 1863'under the act of March 3; 1863, c. 91. 12 Stat. 762.
(7) Docket entries in a great number of other cases on the

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.

Statement of the Case.

chancery side of the Circuit Court of the United States of the

District of Columbia before and after October 12, 1844, and

between 1823 and 1863, and on the equity side of the Supreme

Court of the District of Columbia between 1863 and July 8,

1865, showing that the practice and forms of proceeding in

such cases during those periods were similar to the practice in

said case No.344, and also many later cases in the orphans'

court before 1881, in which the practice and forms of proceed-

ing were similar.

(8) The deed executed by Eliza V Thaw to Agricol

Favier, dated and acknowledged March 17, 1848, and re-

corded March 1, 1867, containing this recital

"Whereas a decree was passed on the twenty-ninth day of

March in the year one thousand eight hundred and forty-four,

by the orphans' court for the county of Washington in the

District of Columbia, upon the petition of Eliza V Thaw,

guardian of her infant children, Columbus and Columbia

Thaw, and whereas the said Eliza V Thaw was thereby

appointed a trustee to sell lots numbered one and four in

square one hundred and sixty in the city of Washington,

which decree was on the twelfth day of October in the year

one thousand eight hundred and forty-four confirmed by the

Circuit Court for the county of Washington, sitting as a court

of chancery, and the said Eliza Thaw having, in conformity

with said decree, filed a bond with sureties, which was ap-

proved by the said orphans' court, and having, in like conform-

ity with said decree, sold said lots above mentioned, and

reported the same to said court, which report was by said court,

on the twenty-first day of January in the year one thousand

eight hundred and forty-eight, duly approved, ratified and

confirmed, and whereas the said Agricol Favier was the

purchaser of said lots from her, the said Eliza V Thaw, the

trustee as aforesaid, under the power vested in her by the

said decree."

By the terms of this deed, "the said Eliza V Thaw, for and

in consideration of the sum of

,lawful money of the

United'States, to her in hand paid by the said Agricol Favier at or before the sealing and delivery of these presents, the re-

THAW v. RITCHIE.
Statement of the Case.
ceipt whereof is hereby acknowledged," conveyed to Agricol Favier, in fee, these two lots, "and all the estate, right, title, interest, dlaim and demand whatsoever, legal and equitable, of her, the said Eliza V Thaw, as guardian and trustee as aforesaid, and as well as in her own right as of the said infant children, Columbus and Columbia Thaw, to the same."
(9) A deed of partition of other lands between the plaintiff and his sister Columbia, dated March 1, 1871, which recited that "their said mother, after disposing of the real estate acquired by said will, and investing the proceeds thereof in other real estate," died intestate.
The plaintiff requested the court to instruct the jury as follows:
"1st. Under Joseph Thaw's will during the life of Mrs. Thaw, his widow, she held the legal title to the real estate devised thereby for her life, in trust for herself and the two children, Columbia and Columbus, according to the terms prescribed in the will. The interest which Columbus Thaw took in the real estate under his father's will during the life of his mother was a remainder in fee after the termination of her life, and was not an estate in possession until after the death of his mother. The- orphans' court had no power during Mrs. Thaw's life to decree the sale of the estate in remainder of Columbus Thaw Her deed, therefore, purporting to. convey said estate is void,
"2d. The Maryland act of 1798, chapter 101, sub-chapter 12,  10, did not apply to remainders, and such estates of infants were not subject to sale on petition of the guardian to the orphans' court, with the approval of the. Court of Chancery, as provided in said act.
"3d. The alleged entry in the records of the orphans' court, purporting to be of the date of January 21, 1848, in thesb words. 'Sale of real estate of Jos. Shaw, dec'd filed. Order of approval for,' is indefinite, uncertain and insufficient to authorize Mrs. Thaw's deed, inasmuch as it does not state what sale, or what real estate was sold, nor by whom, to whom or for what consideration the sale was made; and inasmuch as no report of sale is shown, and no guardian's account, and no

OCTOBER TERM1, 1889.
Argument for 11laintif" in Error.
record evidence of any payment whatever, and the deed itself does not recite any consideration.
" 4th. The act of Congress of March 3, 1843, entitled 'An act to provide in certain cases for the sale of the real estate of infants within the District of Columbia,' repealed the Maryland act of 1798, so far as concerned the sale of the real estate of infants, and since that act of Congress was passed, the real estate of infants could only be sold upon a bill filed therefor as prescribed by said act of Congress, and, as no -such bill was filed in reference to the real estate in question, the deed of Eliza V Thaw to Agricol Favier did not convey the interest of Columbus Thaw therein.
"5th. The orphans' court of the District of Columbia, at the date of the proceedings therein relating to the sale of the real estate by Eliza V Thaw, guardian, was one of limited jurisdiction, and a party claiming title to real estate under its proceedings must show affirmatively that it had jurisdiction, and that not having been shown in this case, the deed from Mrs. Thaw to Agricol Favier did not convey the interest of the plaintiff in the real estate in question."
But the court refused so to instruct the jury, and directed a verdict for the defendant, a verdict and judgment were rendered accordingly, and the plaintiff excepted to the refusal and direction.
The court in general term, Justices ilagner and James sitting, reversed the judgment, for the reasons stated in an opinion delivered by Mr. Justice ilagner, and reported in 4 Mackey, 34'7, 358-390. Upon the defendant's petition, a reargument was ordered before the whole court, and the original judgment was affirmed, for the reasons stated in the opinion delivered by Mr. Justice Cox, and reported in 5 Mackey, 200228, Mr. Justice Hagner dissenting. The plaintiff sued out this writ of error.
-Mr F P Stanton and .Mr S. Ri. Bond for plaintiff in error.
The principal questions for consideration are First. Did the Maryland act of 1798 give jurisdiction to

THAW v. IRITCHIE,
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
the orphans' court, with the approval of its order by the fate Circuit Court, to decree the sale of real estate of infants2
Second. If such jurisdiction was conferred by said act, was it in force in this District at the date of the alleged decree and sale, or was it repealed or superseded by the act of Congress of March 3, 1843, entitled "An act to provide in certain cases for the sale of real estate -of infants within the District of Columbia 2 "
Th rd. Assuming that the act of 1798 conferred upon the orphans' court the power to decree the sale of an infant's real estate under its provisions, does the record in this case show that it acquired jurisdiction for that purpose and that the alleged sale was legally made 2
FourtA. Was the infant's interest in the property in question real estate in such a sense as to be the subject of such a sale 2
I. The Maryland act of 1798, c. 101, sub-chapter 12, provides, in  6, that every guardian appointed by the court having the care of real estate, shall, within three months after executing his bond, procure the said estate to be viewed and reported on by two skilful, discreet persons, not related to either party, and appointed by the orphans' court, who shall-take an oath to appraise the same .without favor or prejudice, and shall estimate the annual value thereof, and set down what improvements, etc., are on the land, and their condition, etc., and shall make a -certificate of all they have done, and the same shall be returned by the guardian to the orphans' court within three months.
Section 7 provides that "No guardian shall commit waste on the land, but the court may, on his application, allow him to cut down and sell wood and account for the same, in case it shall deem the same advantageous or necessary for the ward's education and maintenance."
Section 8 provides- that the guardian shall either cultivate or lease such real estate, or may with the court's approbation, undertake the estate on his own account and be answerable for the annual value.
Section "9provides that the guardian shall account for all profit and increase of the estate, etc.
VOL. C Xvi-34

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
Section 10 is as follows: "And once in each year, or oftener if required, a guardian shall settle an account of his trust with the orphans' court, and the said court shall ascertain, at discretion, the amount of the sum to be annually expended in the maintenance and education of the orphan, regard being had to the future situation, prospects and destination of the ward, and the said court, if it shall deem it advantageous to the ward, may allow the guardian to exceed the income of the estate, and'to make use of his principal, and to sell part of the same, under its order" Provided, nevertheless, That no part of the real estate shall, on account of such maintenance or education, be diminished without the approbation of the Court of Chancery or General Court, as well as of the orphan's court." This proviso is claimed by the counsel for the defendant to confer upon the orphans' court plenary power, upon the ex arte petition of the guardian, without bill or citation of any kind to the infant, to pass a decree for the sale of his real estate upon an expairte ratification of the decree by the late Circuit Court, and this in the face of the express provision in the same act establishing the orphans' court, "that the said orphans' court shall not, under any pretext of incidental power, or constructive authority, exercise any jurisdiction whatever not expressly given by this or some other law " We deny the correctness of this interpretation. Looking at the specific and guarded provisions of that act to protect the rights of an infant in respect to his personalty and to his slightest interest in the realty, such as the cutting and selling wood therefrom, or its careless cultivation even, it is beyond reason and belief that the same legislative body should, in the same act, have intended to confer upon the orphans' court, to which it positively prohibited the exercise of any incidental or constructive jurisdiction, authority to sell the infant's realty, including timber and improvements, without the slightest direction as to the manner of sale or the proceedings by which the same was to be effected. The authority, if any, must be expressly conferred. Where are the words found which give any such express grant of

THAW v. RITCHIE.
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
power 2 The brief proviso, negative in its terms, "that no part of the real estate shall, on account of such maintenance and education, be dimm hslwd without the approbation of the Court of Chancery or General Court, as well as of the orphans' court," is the sole expression in the law upon which our opponents rely as the grant of such power. The wordssell or sold do not occur in it. If it was intended to confer the power to sell real estate it would have said so, as nothing was to be taken by implication. The acts of Congress of 1843, 5 Stat. 621, c. 87, and 1856, 11 Stat. 118, c. 163 (Rev
Stat. D C.  968, 973), relating to the sale of real estate of
infants, etc., explicitly treat the proceeds of such sale as real estate standing in the place of that which was sold.
In the Maryland system of jurisprudence at that time there was no necessity to confer such power upon the orphans' court, nor could any exigency arise wherein the interest of infants could demand its exercise; for whenever there was a proper occasion for the sale of the realty, the guardian could procure such sale through the more guarded and appropriate proceedings of a Court of Chancery
The c6urts of Maryland have-maintained the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery-of that State, independent of statute, to decree the sale of -aninfant's real estate upon a proper showing, and through proper proceedings. In Corrie's Case, 2 Bland, 488, Chancellor Bland says it has always been admitted that the Chancellor of Maryland was invested with all the powers in relation to infants with which the Chancellor of England had been clothed. To the same effect are Dorsey v Gilbert, 11 G. & J 87, Downsn v Sprecher, 35 Maryland, 474, Zong v. Long, 62 Maryland,. 33, Taylor v. Peabody Rezghts Co., 65 Maryland, 388.
The office of that proviso was this, after a sale through a Court of Chancery, to authorize the application of the proceeds of'the sale, by the concurrent action of the Court of Chancery and the orphans' court, to such maintenance and education. In this way the act supplied a seeming defect in the then existing law whenever a case .should arise where the infant's personal estate was insufficient for his support and education,.

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Argument for 'laintiff in Error.
but the instances are numerous which show with what caution the realty was allowed to be encroached upon, especially as its possession was a qualification to vote or to hold office, and until the act of 1785, c. 80,  9, authorized the guardian to apply a tenth part of his ward's personal estate, annually, for his education, no part of the principal of the personalty could be so used. The orphans' courts were generally presided over by laymen presumably unqualified to supervise, especially without specific statutory directions, the often complicated proceedings, as practised in a Court of Chancery, for the sale of real estate and the protection of all the rights and interests involved. There are numerous Maryland decisions showing how jealously the orphans' court was excluded from control over, or interference with, real estate. Stewart v Patterson, 8 Gill, 46, Hayden v B.arch, 9 Gill, 79.
It is argued, in avoidance of the fact that the practice pursued in this case was never adopted in Maryland, that after the organization of the courts in the District of Columbia they were not bound to follow the Maryland courts in their construction of the act in question. We do not deny that the District judiciary is independent of that of Maryland. We only maintain that tne adjudications and practice in the State where the act was originally passed, and where it remained in force, certainly until 1816, and from which it was, in 1801, adopted as the law of this District, are most persuasive, if not conclusive, arguments in favor of the construction which they have placed upon the act. .2letropolitan Railroadv -Moore, 12111 S. 558.
We deem it wholly irrelevant to the argument what may have been the opinion or practice upon this question in any other jurisdiction than that of Maryland, as the only point in the argument is to shed light upon the intention of the legislative body which passed the act under consideration, and that intention must be judged by the occasion supposed then and there to exist for its passage.
Before closing this point of our argument we would call attention to section 16 of sub-chapter 12 of the act of 1798, which provides that "nothing in this act contained shell be

THAW v. RITCHIE.
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
construed to affect the general superintending power exercised by the Court of Chancery with respect to trusts." As will appear when we come to comment upon the will of Joseph Thaw, the estate with which the orphans' court attempted to deal in this case, was a trust estate during the life of Mr. Thaw, and therefore came within the inhibition above quoted.
I. As to the effect of the act of Congress approved March 3, 1843, entitled "An act to provide in certain cases for the sale of real estate of infants within the District of Columbia." 5 Stat. 621, c. 87, incorporated in Rev Stat. D. C.  957. This act was passed more'than a year before the proceedings were instituted by Mrs. Thaw which resulted in the alleged sale, and about four years before the sale is supposed to have taken place, no date of sale anywhere appearing. It was in full force at that time, and we confidently claim that it superseded any authority that can possibly be held to have been granted by the act of 1798 to the orphans' court to decree the sale of the real estate in question, and furnished the course of proceeding necessary to be pursued to accomplish that purpose.
There is no exigency supposed to be provided for by the former act that is not included in the later one, which is broader in its scope, more definite in its provisions and ample in every way to accomplish, by a better and safer method, everything that can possibly be contemplated by the former. On well-settled principles of statutory construction,, the former law, so far as it related to the subject-matter covered by the latter, was superseded and repealed by it. United States v Tynen, 11 Wall. 88, Olaflin v United States, 97 U S. 46.
A similar act was passed in Maryland in 1816, and amended by act of 1818 providing for the sale of a part or the whole of an infant's real. estate through the guarded proceedings of a Court of Chancery whenever it shall appear to the court, after hearing and examination, etc., "that it will be for the interest and advantage of the infant" to sell the same, and proceedings for the sale of infant's realty in that State have ever since been required by its courts to conform to the provisions of that law, though, like the act -of 1843, it contains no repealing clause, and its title is to authorize the sale in "cases

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
therein mentioned," as that of the act of 1843 is to authorize it in " certain cases." Hunter v Hatten, 4 Gill, 115, S. 0. 45 Am. Dec. 11i, TRiliams's Case, 3 Bland's Ch. 186, 203, 204.
In closing this point we will add that the practice in this District has now come into conformity with what we claim to be the only practice for the sale of an infant's real estate which has any legal warrant, as is shown by the list of cases filed by us and made part of the record and by a comparison of the numbers and dates of those cases with those of the list filed by the defendant, and we do not think that a practising attorney would now ask, or the court grant, an order of sale upon proceedings similar to those pursued in this case, yet what is the law now, in that respect, was the law in 1844 and 1848, when the proceedings relied upon by the defendant were instituted and prosecuted.
III. Whatever construction may be placed upon the acts of 1798 and 1S43, we contend that the record totally fails to show jurisdictional facts sufficient to empower the orphans' court to divest the plaintiff in error, then an infant, of his interest in the property in question.
The proceedings in the orphans' court and in the Circuit Court of the District coipsst only of brief docket entries and of the certified copy of a petition in the former court by Mrs. Thaw, not even describing herself as guardian, with a decree thereon, exhibited in the Circuit Court, and there, without any other pleadings or parties, summarily approved. The record of these doings is meagre, informal and deficient. We are well aware that, in courts whose jurisdiction is not questioned, such deficiencies are overlooked and often 9upplied by intendment and presumption. The authorities quoted to show what great mformalities in such cases are disregarded' we do not answer, because we do not dispute them.
But we claim that the orphans' court, at the time of these proceedings, was an "inferior court," in that sense which required everything necessary to give jurisdiction to be shown in its record.
It is expressly made so by the act establishing it, which provides that "the said orphans' court shall not, under pretext of

THAW v. RITCHIE.
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
incidental power, or constructive authority, exercise any jurisdiction whatever not expressly given by this or some other law"
Among the numerous decisions showing with what strictness this principle has been enforced, we cite the following Scott v Burch, 6 H. & J 67, Townshend v. Brooke, 9 Gill, 90, Conner v Ogle, 4 Maryland Oh. 425, lowe "v Lowe, 6 Maryland, 347, Yeaton v Lynn, 5 Pet. 224, 230.
Referring back to the provisions of the act of 1798, as given under point I of this brief, we see with what specific safeguards the real estate of an infant is surrounded' by sections 6, 7, 8 and 9. Then when we come to section 10, under which the alleged sale in this case is claimed to have been made, we find these safeguards still further maintained. Down to the provmso, for which such potency is claimed, this section is one single provision of the law, the several parts of which are -separated only by commas and semicolons -in fact, it is one single sentence of which all the clauses are interdependent. It would seem necessary, therefore, that the court should have the account required of the guardian, if not the report of the appraisers as per section 6, in order to know the condition of the estate and to determine the annual sum to be expended for. the orphan. The language of the statute makes this a condition -precedent,and surely it is only a reasonable condition for the sale of an orphan's realty
The proviso which immediately follows and qualifies the provisions of the act of 1798 commented on above has been construed to authorize the extraordinary proceedings shown in this case, that is to say, a simple petition by Mrs. Thaw, the guardian, though not stating -that she is or acts as such, in the orphans' court, and a decree thereon, and a certified copy of this petition and decree exhibited in the Circuit Court and there approved summarily, ex yare. eventuating in the docket entry in the chancery rules iNo. 4, case No. 344, of date October 4, 1844. This is the whole case.
We deny the validity of this interpretation of the law of 1798. The jurisdictional facts must appear on the face of the proceedings, the judgment of a court without jurisdiction is void, and its proceedings must be in accordance with the funda-

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
mental and well-established principles of practice. Especially is this so of courts of limited jurisdiction, as we have shown above. Bloom. v Burdice, 1 Hill, 130, S. C. 37 Am. IDec. 299, Tliatehq., v Powell, 6 Wheat. 119, Elliott v Pezrsol, 1 Pet. 328, Bank of the United States v Ritchze, 8 Pet. 128, Shrmver's Lessee v Lynn, 2 How 43, Hiekey's Lessee v Stewart,3 How 750, Williamson v Berry. 8 How 495, Windsor v Ie Tegh, 93 U S. 274.
IV As to the interests of the infants in the property at the time of the alleged sale.
By the will of Joseph Thaw the widow was invested with a life estate "u? trust for the equal benefit and maintenance of herself and of her daughter Columbia and of her son Columbus." In the same clause it was provded that if either or both the children should die before the mother, she should hold the property, during her natural life, zn trust, for the equal benefit of herself and the surviving child, and in case of the death of both children then "for her own sole use and benefit." This part of the will is explicit in creating a life estate only, and in raising a trust of that estate for the benefit of all three as long as the mother should live.
Now, at the time of Mrs. Thaw's application to the orphans' court in 1844, this trust estate for her life was in existence, separate and distinct from the remainder in fee. If the propertv was sold under the decree of that court this trust was included and disposed of by Mrs. Thaw's deed. But if any thing in this case be certain and undeniable, it is that the orphans' court was wholly without any jurisdiction over trust estates. TMaryland act of 1798. c. 101, sub-ch. 12, sec. 16. We think this point decisive of the whole case.
That clause of the will which gives to the two children, and to their heirs and assigns, all the estate real and personal, that shall remain after the death of the mother. would undoubtedly have given the children a vested remainder in fee, if that had been all. But this clause isfollowed by another, which says, "if both of my said children shall die before their mother, then, on the demise of the last survivor of them, I give and bequeath to my beloved wife,

THAW v. RITCHIE.
Opinion of the Court.
Eliza, to her heirs and assigns forever, for her own proper benefit, all my estate of every description." Be it observed, that this last clause does not devise the property to the mother in the event of the children dying withou -issue,but simply on the condition of their dying before her. If both had married and had children and then died before the mother, we presume the last clause of the will would have prevailed, and the mother would have taken the estate. Did she not have an interest in remainder by virtue of this last clause giving the estate to her and her heirs, an event quite possible to happen2. If the estate in remainder might take effect in her, it could not have been vested at the same time in the children. Powell on Devises, Vol. I, 206, and Vol. II,cxiii.
As contingent remainders are not subject to sale or conveyaice, it matters not that here both parties to this double contingency are claimed to have united in the deed.
.Mr George F Appleby for defendant in error.
MR. JusTicE GuAY, after stating the case as above, delivered the opinion of the court.
In the consideration and decision of this case; we have been greatly aided by the able and exhaustive opinions delivered in the court below
The principal question is whether the orphans' court, with the approval of the Circuit Court of the United States of the District of Columbia sitting in chancery, had jurisdiction to. order the sale of real estate of infants for their maintenance and education.
It may be assumed that in Maryland before 1798 the orphans' court had no authority to order a sale of a ward's real estate for any purpose, although the Court of Chancery was empowered by statute to direct a sale of an infant's land for the purpose of making partition, and perhaps had inherent authority to order a sale of an infant's real estate for his sup-
port and education. Maryland Stats. 1715, c. 39,  9, 33,
and 1758, c. 4, Bacon's Laws of Maryland, Feoruary, 1777, c.

OCTOBER TERI, 1889.
Opinon of the Court.
8, 1 Kilty's LPws, 1785, c. 72,  12, and c. 80,  9, and 1798, c, 101, 2 Kilty's Laws, 4 Mackey, 361, 368, 5 IMackev, 202-206.
The earliest statute of Maryland, which authorized a sale by a guardian of the principal of the personal property of his ward, was the statute of 1785, c. 80,  9, by which, after providing that a guardian should not profit by any increase or lose by any decrease "of the estate of the minor under the care of such guardian," and should annually settle an account "of such estate" with the orphans' court, in which "the increase and profits of the estate" should be accounted for, or the loss or decrease thereof allowed, and he should be allowed by the court a commission "upo r the whole annual produce of such estate" for managing "such estate," it was further enacted as follows "And in case the produce of the estate is not sufficient to maintain and educate the minor in a proper manner, and it shall appear to the orphans' court aforesaid that it will be for the benefit and advantage of the orphan to apply some part of the principal of the personal estate to which he shall be entitled towards his education, it shall ana may be lawful for the said court to allow the guardian to apply a part of the principal of such personal estate, not exceeding one tenth part thereof annually, to the purpose aforesaid."
The Maryland statute of 1798, c. 101, which is understood to have been drawn up by Chancellor Hanson at the request of the legislature of Maryland, is entitled "An act for amending, and reducing into system, the laws and regulations concerning last wills and testaments. the duties of executors, administrators and guardians, and the rights of orphans and other representatives of deceased persons," and is divided into several sub-chapters, the twelfth of which relates to guardians and wards, and contains the following provisions
By  1, whenever a male under the age of twenty-one years, or a female under the age of sixteen, entitled to land by descent or devise, or to personal property of a deceased person by way of distributive share, or of legacy or bequest, shall not have a natural guardian, or a guardian appointed by last

THAW v. RITCHIE.
Opinion of, the Court.
will, "the orphans' court of the county where the land lies, or in which administration of the personal estate is granted, shall have power to appoint a guardian to such infant."
By  5, on the guardian's executing his bond, the orphans' court shall have power to order "the land, distributive share or other property" of the ward to be delivered to the guardian.
By  6, "every guardian appointed by the court, having the care of a real estate," shall, within three months, procure an appointment by the orphans' court of appraisers "to examine the estate and estimate the annual value thereof."
By  7, "no guardian shall commit waste on the land, but the court may, on his-application, allow- him to cut down and sell wood, and account for the same, in case it shall deem the same advantageous or necessary for the wardis education and maintenance."
By  8, "each guardian, having a real estate under his care, shall either cultivate the same," "or he shall lease the same from year to year, or. for any term not exceeding three years, and within the non-age of the ward, or he may, with the court's approbation, undertake the estate on his own account, and be answerable for the annual value."
By  9, "every guardian shall account for all profit and increase"of the estate, or annual value as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable for any loss or decrease sustained without his fault, to be allowed by the orphans' court."
Section 10 (upon the construction and effect of which this case turns) is as follows "And once in each year, or oftener if required, a guardian shall settle an account of his trust with the orphans' court, and the said court shall ascertain, at discretion, the amount of the sum to be annually expended in the maintenance and education of the orphan, regard being had to the future situation, prospects and destination of the ward, and the said court, if it shall deem it advantageous to the ward, may allow the guardian to exceed the income of the estate, and to make use of his principal, and to sell part of the same, under its order provided, nevertheless, that no part of the real estate shall, on account of such maintenance or education,

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
be diminished without the approbation of the Court of Chancery, or General Court, as well as of the orphans' court."
By  11, "on the first account to be rendered by a guardian, he shall state the property by him received from an executor or administrator, or otherwise belonging to his ward, and every increase, and the profits thence arising, if any "
By  12, "in case the personal property of a ward shall consist of specific articles," "the court, if it shall deem it advanitageous for the ward, may at any tune pass an order for the sale thereof for ready money, or on credit, the purchaser, with security, giving bond to the said ward, bearing interest."
By  13, "every account of a guardian shall state his expenditures in maintaining and educating the ward, not exceedmg the income of the estate, unless allowed by the court."
By  15, on the ward's arrival at age, the guardian shall exhibit a final account to the orphans' court, and shall deliver up, agreeably to the court's order, to the ward, "all the property of such ward in his hands."
By  16, "nothing in this act contained shall be construed to affect the general superintending power exercised by the Court of Chancery with respect to trust."
By  20 of sub-chapter 15, it is declared that "the said orphans' court shall not, under pretext of incidental power or constructive authority, exercise any jurisdiction whatever not expressly given by this act, or some other law"
The statute of Maryland of 1798, by the terms of its final section, took effect on June 1, 1799, and was to continue in force until the end of the year 1801, and it was continued in force in the District of Columbia, and equity jurisdiction was vested in the Circuit Court of the United States of the District, by the act of Congress of February 27, 1801, c. 15,  1, 5. 2 Stat. 105, 106.
On consideration of  10 of sub-chapter 12 of the statute of 1798, in connection with the other sections of that sub-chapter, and in the light of the previous law of Maryland upon the subject, we concur in th- final conclusion of the court below, that the orphans' court, with the approval of the Circuit Court of the United States of the District of Columbia sitting

THAW v. RITCHIE.
Opinion of the Court.
in chancery, had power to order a sale of the real estate of infant wards for their maintenance and education.
By the terms of that section, the orphans' court, upon settling the guardian's account annually or oftener, "shall ascertain, at discretion, the amount of the sum to be annually expended in the maintenance and education of the orphan, regard being had to the future situation, prospects and destination of the ward, and the said court, if it shall deem it advantageous to the ward, may allow the guardian to exceed the income of the estate and to make use of his principal, and to sell part of the same, under its order provided, nevertheless, that no part of the real estate shall, on account of such maintenance or education, be diminished without the approbation of the Court of Chancery, or General Court, as well as of the orphans' court."
The orphans' court 15 thus empowered to allow the guardian, for the suitable maintenance and education of the ward, to exceed "the income of the estate," and-to use and sell part of the principal thereof. The words "the estate," in their natural and legal meaning, include the whole property of the ward in the guardian's hands, and the words "the property," "the estate" and "the income of the estate" are habitually
and repeatedly used in that sense, both in other sections ( 6,
8, 9, 11, 13, 15) of the same sub-chapter, and in the earlier statute of 1785, c. 80,  9, as appears in the passages already quoted from each of those statutes. Wherever an authority to sell is intended to be limited to personal property, it is so expressed, as in  9 of the statutes of 1785, and in  12 of the statute of 1798. Compared with the express restriction of the authority to sell any part of the principal to "personal estate" in the act of 1785, the omission of any such restriction in the act of 1798 strongly tends to show that it was purposely omitted in the latter act.
This conclusion is confirmed by the -proviso "that no part of the real estate shall, on account of such maintenance or education, be diminished without the approbation of the Court of Chancery, or General Court, as well as of the orphans' court." As observed by Mr. Justice Story speaking for this

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
court, "the office of a proviso, generally, is either to except something from the enacting clause, or to qualify or restrain its generality, or to exclude some possible ground of misinterpretation of it, as extending to cases not intended by the legislature to be brought within its purview" Xinms v Unzted States, 15 Pet. 423, 445. The insertion of this proviso, therefore, manifests the understanding and intention of the legislature that real estate was and should be included in the preceding general authority to order a sale of part "of the estate," except so far as qualified by the proviso. Indeed, if that authority did not include real estate, the proviso would be superfluous.
The necessary construction of the whole section, including the proviso, appears to us to be that express authority is thereby granted to the orphans' court to order a sale of any part of the ward's estate, real or personal, for his maintenance and education , but that, before any sale of real estate can be made for this purpose, the order of the orphans' court shall be approved by the Court of Chancery or the General Court. Whether the property to be sold for this purpose is personal or real, the application is to be made to the orphans' court, and the order granted by that court in the first instance. In the case of personal property, no action of any other court is required. In the case of real estate, the order of sale, after being passed by the orphans' court, must be presented to and approved by the Court of Chancery or the General Court, but no separate suit need be instituted in either of those courts.
This construction has prevailed in the courts of the State of Maryland, as well as in those of the District of Columbia.
In Gotter's Case, which is reported in 3 Bland, 200, note, and an authenticated copy of the proceedings in which has been filed in this case and sent up with the record, a petition presented in December, 1810, to the orphans' court of Cecil County in the State of Maryland, by a father and guardian, alleged that his infant cfildren and wards had become entitled, in right of their mother, to one-ninth part of a grist mill and about one hundred and forty acres of land in that county, the

THAW v. RITCHIE.
Opinion of the Court.
other owners of which, after consulting with the petitioner, had "concluded that a sale of the said mill and lands would be highly advantageous to all the persons interested," and had contracted to sell them to one Alexander Scott for the sum of $6424.25, provided the petitioner should be able to convey his children's part, and that the petitioner believed that such a sale would "much promote the interest and welfare of his said children, and enable him to educate and support them more to their advantage than if no such sale were to be made;" and therefore prayed the orphans' court to "order that he may be able to make the necessary conveyance." On December 12, 1810, the orphans' court, "on due consideration of the allegations contained in the within petition," was Cof opinion that the sale prayed for was to the advantage of " the wards, "and should be confirmed,, and that the petitioner be authorized to make conveyance of that part of his wards' real estate." In the Court of Chancery, six days afterwards, Chancellor Kilty signed a decree, which in the authenticated copy, quoted in 4 Mackey, 370, is stated as follows: "Under power vested in this court by the act of 1798, c. 101, sub-ch. 12,  7,the above order of the orphans' court is approved." This decree, as printed in. 3 Bland' 200, note, differs only in substituting  10 for  7. That it was not made under the act of 1785, c. 72,  12, is quite clear, because no partition was sought, as well as because the petition was addressed to the orphans' court, and not to the Court of Chancery, in the first instance. Tilly v Tilly, 2 Bland, 436, 438 and note. Both versions of the decree agree in stating that it was made under the power vested in the Court of Chancery by the act of '1798, c. 101, sub-chapter 12, and  7 of that sub-chapter concerns only the- cutting and sale of standing wood by authority of the orphans' court, without requiring the approval of any other court. The inference is irresistible, that the insertion of  7 in the record of the decree was a clerical error, and that the decree was really made, as Chancellor Bland understood it to have been, under  10, for the better support and education of the wards.
The Court of Appeals of Maryland, in 1828, decided that

OCTOBER TERM. 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
the value of buildings constructed on the land of a ward by direction of his guardian, and under order of the orphans' court, at an expense exceeding the income of his estate, real and personal, could not be recovered from the ward, because section 10 of the act of 1798 did not empower the orphans' court to order any part of the principal of the ward's estate to be applied to any other purpose than his support and maintenance. But the court added. "-Should an application of the personal estate not suffice to maintain and educate suitably to the future destination of the ward, then such maintenance and education may also induce an application of a part of the real estate, with the approbation of the Court of Chancery or General Court, as well as the orphans' court." Brodess v Theompson, 2 Ifarris & Gill, 120, 126, 127.
Chancellor Bland, in a case decided in the same year, cited those two cases and expressed a similar opinion. TMillzams's case, 3 Bland, 186, 199, 200, 207 In 1841 the Court of Appeals said "According to our laws a guardian cannot encroach on the capital of his ward's estate without the order of the orphans' court, nor can the real estate be dimmished but by the approbation of the Court of Chancery" Hatton v Meems, 12 Gill & Johns. 83, 108. And it is admitted on all hands, that the Circuit Court of the United States of the District of Columbia, and its successor, the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, have always interpreted the section in question according to what we now hold to be its true construction and effect. 5 M1-fackey, 213, 4 Mackey, 383, 386.
It is argued for the plaintiff, that so much of the -Maryland act of 1798 as concerned the sale of the real estate of infants has been repealed by the act of Congress of March 3, 1843, c. 87, entitled "An act to provide in certain cases for the sale of the real estate of infants within the District of Columbia," by which it is enacted that when "the guardian of any infant shall think that the interest of his or her ward will be proniioted by the sale of his or her real estate. or any part thereof, it shall be lawful for such guardian" to bring a suit in equity in the Circuit Court of the District of Columbia, in which the infant shall be made a party, and shall be represented by a

THAW v. IITCHIE.
Opinion of the Court.
guardian ad litem, and the facts alleged in the bill, whether admitted or not, shall be proved by disinterested witnesses, and the court, upon being satisfied that " the interest of the infant manifestly requires the sale of his real, estate, or any part thereof," and that "1by such sale the rights of others will not be violated," may decree a sale, in which case the proceeds of the sale shall be invested and applied for the benefit of the infant, " either in the purchase of real estate, or in such manner as the court shall think best," and upon his death shall descend as real estate. 5 Stat. 621, 622, Rev
"Stat.D. C.  957-968.
But this act contains no express repeal of the Maryland act of 1798, it does not mention the maintenance or education of infants, but authorizes the sale of their real estate whenever their interest manifestly requires it, its chief pur pose evidently is to authorize a change of investment, and it cannot be presumed to have been intended to take away the authority of the orphans' court, when discharging its appropriate duty of ascertaining the amount proper to be ex. pended for an infant's maintenance and education, to order a sale of his real estate for this, single object with the apm proval of the Court of Chancery
There is nothing in the nature of the interest that these children took under the will of.their father, which should prevent a sale of it under the statute of 1'798, when necessary for their maintenance and education. That statute is not restricted to legal estates, or to estates in possession. The effect of the testator's dispositions, though obscured by some coiffusion and superfluity of language, was to give the legal estate in all his land to his widow for life, the equitable and beneficial estate for her life to her and the two children, or the survivors of them, m equal shares, and the legal estate in remainder, after the death of the widow, to the two children, in fee, with two limitations over in fee, by way of executory devise, (neither of which impaired the precedent estates, or ever took effect,) the one, of the share -of a child, dying before the mother, to the surviving child, and the other, of the whole estate to the mother, in case she should survive both
VoL..cxxxvi-35

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
children. The legal estate in remainder in the children, which nothing but their own death before the determination of the widow's life estate could prevent from vesting in possession, vested in them from the death of the testator, subject to be divested by their dying before the widow Doe v Constdive, 6 Wall. 458, 476, 3WoArtkur v Scott, 113 U. S. 340, 379. Their legal estates in remainder, as well as their equitable estates for life, were present interests, which might be sold for their maintenance and education.
The records of the orphans' court, and of the Circuit Court of the United States of the District of Columbia sitting in chancery, produced from the proper custody, clearly prove the following facts Mrs. Thaw, who by the will of her husband was appointed executrix thereof, and guardian of their two children, and exempted from giving bond as executrix, gave bond as guardian on March 24, 1844. On March 29, 1844, she presented to the orphans' court a petition on oath, representing that she had paid all her husband's debts, and that the property left by him was insufficient to support her and the children, and praying for an order of sale of the real estate for the relief of her immediate wants and for the support and education of the children. On that petition, the orphans' court, on the same day, by an order reciting that it had heard and considered the case "on the petition, exhibits, accompanying proofs and representation of Eliza V Thaw in her capacity of guardian and executrix," decreed that, provided the Circuit Court of the United States of the District of Columbia sitting as a Court of Chancery should by proper order approve thereof, she should be authorized, as guardian of the children and for herself, to make sale and conveyance of the said real estate, first giving bond for the performance of the trust thereby imposed upon her, and immediately after the sale making report thereof to the court. On or about April 29, 1844, a copy of that petition and order, duly certified by the register of wills, was filed on the chancery side of the Circuit Court of the United States of the District of Columbia. On October 12, 1844, the order of the orphans' court was approved bv the Circuit Court sitting in chancery, as is

THA.W v. RITOIHE.
Opnon of the Court.
shown by the entry on its docket or minute book, which, in the absence -of any extended record, is competent and conclusive proof of its doings. Phildephsa, Wilmmigton & Baltsmore Railroad v Howard, 13 How 307, 331. On May 17, 1845, the petitioner gave bond with sureties for the performance of the trust imposed upon her by the order so approved.. The dates of the sale and of the report thereof to the orphans' court do not appear. .But it does appear, by the minutes -of its proceedings, that on January 21, 1848, there was filed in and approved by-that court a "sale of real estate of Joseph Thaw, deceased," which, in the absence of evidence of any other sale of his real estate having been ordered or made, must be inferred to have been a report of this sale. All the facts recited in the deed executed by Mrs. Thaw to Agricol Favier on March 17, 1848, are thus proved by independent evidence, the competency of which is beyond doubt.
The objection that the petition presented by Mrs. Thaw to the orphans' court was irregular and insufficient to support the jurisdiction of that court, because it asked for a sale of the land for the benefit of the petitioner, as well as of her wards, is sufficiently answered by Mr. Justice Cox, delivering the judgment below, as follows "It is true that the guardian, in her application, confused somewhat her own interests with those of the wards, and alleged the insufficiency of the property to support herself and the children as a ground for selling, and asked the sale as well to relieve her own zmlmediate 'want, as for the support of the children. But it is fair to read this part of the application as referring to her own undivided interest for life in the property It is not to be read as an application to sell the estate of the children for her support. It is also true that the court had no jurisdiction over the wife's interest in the property, and could not pass title to it by its decree. But if the wife chose to unite in the sale and convey her interest, which she must be held to have done, we see no reason why the court could not decree a sale of the share of the infants." "And if there was error in the form of the decree because it embraced the widow's interest also, it did not affect its efficacy as to the interest of the infants, but was a

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
harmless and inoperative error not to be noticed collaterally The only question that could arise would be as to the proper apportionment of the proceeds between the mother and the wards. But this question could only arise after the sale, and would not affect the transfer of title." 5 Mackey, 227.
The petition and the order of the orphans' court thereon, fairly and reasonably construed, show that a sale of the infants' interest in the real estate under the will of their father was prayed for and ordered as necessary for their maintenance and education. So far as concerned the interest of the infants, therefore, the court had before it everything that was necessary to support its jurisdiction. In this form of proceeding, the guardian sufficiently and fully represented the infants, and no notice to them was required by the statute of Maryland or by any general rule of law. The want of proof of such notice, or of any record of the evidence on which the orphans' court proceeded in making the order, or the chancery court in approving it, or of any subsequent accounting by the guardian for the proceeds of the sale, is immaterial. The orders of those courts within their jurisdiction were conclusive proof in favor of the purchaser and grantee at the sale, and cannot be collaterally impeached on any such ground. Thoypson v Tolmze, 2 Pet. 157, Grsgnon v Astor, 2 How 319, Comstock
v Crawford, 3 Wall. 396, _lfc2itt v Turner, 16 Wall. 352, A2ohr v Eanterre,101IT S. 417.
The cases, on which the plaintiff relies, of Bank of United States v Rztckte, 8 Pet. 128, and Hunter v Hatton, 4 Gill, 115, 124, were wholly different. Both were cases of decrees in equity upon suits enter partes in the ordinary form. In the one case, the decree was directly attacked by bill of review, in the nature of a writ of error, and in the other case, a notice required by express statute had not been given.
Judgment affirmed

ORMSBY v. WEBB.
Syllabus.
view any question raised upon the record except such question of jurisdiction."
The words "a final judgment or decree," in this act, are manifestly used in the -same sense as in the prior statutes which have received interpretation, and these orders to renand were not final judgments or decrees whatever the ground upon which the Circuit Court proceeded. graves v Corbzn, 132 U. S. 571, 591.
Aypeals dismssseafor want ofiuzsdictwn.
ORMSBY v. WEBB.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
lo.179. Argued January9, 10, 1890.- Decided March 3, 1890.
An order in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, at special term, admitting a writing to probate and record as the will of a deceased person, in conformity with the findings of the jury empanelled, in'the same court, to try the issue of will or no will, is one involving the merits of the proceeding, and may be reviewed by the -same court in general term, and such review will bring before the general term. all the questions arising upon bills of exceptions taken at the trial before the jury and if the value of the matter 'in dispute be sufcient, this court has jurisdiction to re~xamme a final order of the Supreme court of the District of Columbia affirming the order of the Probate Court, and to pass upon the questions of law raised by such bills of exceptions.
Van Ness v. VTan Ness, 6 How. 62; and Browzn v. Wiley, 4 Wall. 165, distinguished.
In the trial before a jury of an issue made up in a Probate Court as to the incompetency of a deceased person, from unsoundness of mind or undue influence, to make a will, declarations made by the deceased to a witness that he received the bulk of his estate by breaking tte will of his grandfather, who was also the ancestor of the caveators, and that his estate consisted in a great degree ,of that property and its accumulations; and also declarations of one of the legatees, made about, or after- the date of the execution of the alleged will, that she had'knowledge at that .time of the execution of the will and of its lIrovisions, should be excluded from the jury.
On the trial of that issue it was proper for the jury to consider whether the undue influence alleged to have been exercised by a particular legatee in

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of -the Court.
respect to other matters extended to or controlled the execution of the will, and give it such weight as they might deem proper. An instruction to the jury, at such trial, that if they should believe the evidence of a witness named, they must find for the will, while apparently objectionable, as giving undue prominence to the testimony of that witness, was held, in view of the.scope of her evidence, not to have been erroneous.
THE case is stated in the opinion.
Y.r John J Johnson and .Mr William G Johnson, (with whom was _fr William Stone Abert on the brief,) for plaintiffs in errqr.
Xr Enoch Tott n, (with whom was Mr William B. Webb on the brief,).for defendants m error.
MR. JUsTicE EL&wAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This writ of error brings up for review a judgment of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, in general term, which affirmed, a final order of the same court, in special term, admitting to probate and record a certain writing as the last will and testament of Levin M. Powell, who died in the city of Washington on the 15th day of January, 1885. That instrument provided for the disposition of property of the value of more than one hundred thousand dollars.
At October term, 1886, of this court a motion was made that the writ of error be dismissed for want of jurisdiction, "because the judgment of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia to which. said writ of error was directed is not a final judgment," and, in the alternative, that the judgment be affirmed because the writ of error was sued out merely for delay That motion wa -overruled. Ormsy v Webb, 122 U. S. 630. At the present term a second motion to dismiss was made, this time, upon the ground that the case is one of equity jurisdiction, and could be brought here only by appeal.
The history of this litigation, as disclosed by the record, is as follows:
arah C. Colmesnil, one of the heirs at law of the deceased,

ORMSBY v. WEBB.
Opinion of the Court.
presented to the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. holding a special term for probate business, a petition alleging that the -above writing -previously presented to that court for probate by the persons named therein as executors- was not the last will and testament of Levin X. Powell, that by reason of his physical and mental condition he was incompetent to make a Willl, and that if his name was placed to that writing, it was not done by his will, but. by'the procurement, undue influence and fraud of Harriet C. Stewart, one .,of the porsons named therein as a legatee.
It was thereupon ordered that the following issues be trans mitted to be tried in the circuit court before a jury"
"First. Whether the said paper-writing purporting to be the last will and testament of the said Levin M. Powell, bearing date on the 27th of October, 1881, was executed and attested in due form of law
"Second. Whether the cntents.of said paper-writing were read to or by the said Levin M. Powell at or before the alleged execution thereof by him.
"Third. Whether the said Levm MIVPo. well at the tune of the alleged signing of said paper-writing was of sound and disposing mind and capable of executing a valid deed or contract.
"Fourth. Whether the said writing was executed by the said Levin Ml.Powell under the influence of suggestions, importunities and undue persuasion of the said Harriet C. Stewart, or any other person or persons, when his mind, from its disordered, diseased and enfeebled state, was unable to resist the same.
"Fifth. Whether the execution of said paper-writing was procured by fraud, misrepresentation or undue influence or persuasion of the said Harriet C. Stewart, or any other person or persons acting of their ovn volition or under the direction of the said Stewart."
Subsequently, in the Supreme Court of the District, holding a,circuit court, an order was made that upon the trial of the above issues before a jury, Mrs. Colmesnil and others who had filed caveats, should be plaintiffs, and Charles D. Drake and William B. Webb, as the-proponents of the last will and testa-
VOL. "cXxxv-4

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opimon of the Court.
ment of the deceased, and who were named as his executors, should be defendants.
The verdict of the jury consisted of answers to the above questions. The first, second and third were answered in the affirmative, the fourth and fifth, in the negative. A motion for a new trial having been overruled, the caveators prosecuted an appeal to the general term, which affirmed the action of the special term.
At a subsequent date the caveat( i-s filed in the Supreme Court of the District, holding a special term for what is called Orphans' Court business, the record of the trial of the issues submitted to the jury, and moved 0i at the verdict be set aside upon the ground that the court trying those issues erred in rejecting competent testimony, in its instructions to the jury, in refusing to instruct the jury as requested by the caveators, and in rulings during the trial to which they took exceptions. This motion was overruled,.and an order was made admitting the writing in question to probate and record as the will of ILevin M. Powell, and directing letters testamentary to issue to the persons named therein as executors. From this last order an appeal was taken to the general term, which affirmed the order of the special term overruling the motion to set aside the verdict of the jury, as well as the order admittmg the above writing to probate as the last will of the deceased.
The question raised by the first motion to dismiss for want of jurisdiction in this court, having been reargued, will be again examined in connection with the motion to dismiss upon the ground that the case, in any event, is one of equity cognizance to be brought here only by appeal. We do this because no opinion was delivered when this motion was overruled at a former term.
The defendants in error contend, in effect, that this court is without jurisdiction to review an order of the Supreme ,Court of the District, by virtue of which a writing is finally admitted to probate as the last will and testament of the person signing it, whatever may be the value of the matter in dispute. This, it is argued, results from the statutes regulating

ORMSBY v. WEBB.
Opinion of the Court.
the jurisdiction of the courts of the District, and the decisions of this court declaring their scope and effect.
The act of February 27, 1801, concerning the District of Columbia,.P Stat. 103, created the Circuit Court of the District, with all the powers in such court and the judges thereof that were vested by law .in the. Circuit Courts and judges of the Circuit Courts of the United States, and with jurisdiction of all crimes and offences committed in the Digtrict, and of all cases in law and equity between parties, both or either of which shall be residents thereof. The eighth section of the act provided that "any final judgment, order or decree in said Circuit Court, wherein the matter in dispute, exclusive of costs, shall exceed the value of one hundred dollars, may be regxamined and reversed or affirmed an the Supreme Court of the United States, by writ of error or appeal, which shall be prosecuted in the. same manner, under the same regulations, and the same proceedings shall be had therein, as is or shall be provided in the case of writs of error on judgments, or appeals upon orders or decrees, rendered in the Circuit Court of the United States." The same act created an Orphans' Court in each of the counties of Washington and Alexandria, that -should have the powers and perform the duties prescribed m reference to such courts in Maryland, appeals therefrom to be to the Circuit Court of the District, which should therein have all the powers
of the chancellor of that State.  12.
Among the statutes of Maryland then in force was the act of 1798, which authorized the Orphans' Court, whenever-required by either party to a contest therein, to direct a plenary proceeding by bill or petition, to which there should be an answer on oath or affirmation, and which made it the duty of the court, when either party-required it, to direct an issue or issues to be made up and sent to the court of law most convenient for trying the same. The act provided that such courts of law "shall have power to direct the jury, and grant a new trial, as if the issue or issues were in a suit therein instituted, and a certificate from such court, or any judge thereof,. of the verdict or 'inding. of the jury, under the seal thereof, shall be admitted by the Orphans' Court. to establish or

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
destroy the claim or any part thereof " also, that "the Orphans' Court shall give judgment or decree upon the bill and answer, or upon bill, answer, deposition or finding of the jury" 2 Kilty's - Laws Md. c. 101, sug c. 8,  20, Dennis' Probate Laws D. C. 67.
By the act of March 3, 1863, 12 Stat. 762, c. 91, the Circuit, District and Criminal Courts of the District were abolished, and the Supreme Court of the District was established with .general jurisdiction in law and equity, and with the powers and jurisdiction then possessed and exercised by the Circuit Court. That act provided that one of the justices might hold a District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia in the same manner and with the same powers and jurisdiction possessed and exercised by other District Courts of the United States, and a Criminal Court with the same powers as were exercised by the Criminal Court of the District, that special terms of such Supreme Court should be held by one of the justices, at such time as the court in general term should direct, and by which nonenumerated motions in suits and proceedings at law and in equity, and suits in equity, not triable by jury, should be heard and determined, such justice, however, having the power to order any such motion or suit to be heard, in the first instance, at the general term, and that "any party aggrieved by any order, judgment, or decree, made or pronounced at any such special term, may, if the same involve the merits of the action or proceeding, appeal therefrom to the general term of said Supreme Court, and upon such appeal the general term shall review such order, judgment or decree and affirm, reverse, or modify the same, as shall be jusb."  5. It also provided that "all issues of fact triable by a jury or by the court shall be tried before a single justice, when the trial is by a jury, at a Circuit Court, and when the trial is without a jury, at a Circuit Court or special term."  7.
The eighth and ninth sections of that act are as follows: "SFc. 8. If, upon the trial of a cause, an exception be taken, it may be reduced to writing at the time, or it may be entered on the minutes of the justice, and afterwards settled in such

ORMSBY v. WEBB

"" 53

Opinion of the Court.

manner as may be provided by the rules of the, court, and then stated in writing in a case or bill of exceptions, with so much of the evidence as may be material to the questions to be raised, but such case or bill of exceptions -need not be sealed or signed. The justice who tries the cause may, m his discretion, entertain a motion, to be made on his minutes, to set aside a verdict and grant, a new trial upon. exceptions, or for insufficient evidence, or for excessivq damages Provmded,
That such moiaon be made at the same term -or circuit at which the trial -was had. When such motion is made and" heard upon the minutes, an appeal to the general term may be taken from the decision, i w'hich case a bill of exceptions or case shall be settled in the usual manner.
"SEC. 9. A .motion.for a new trial on a case or bill of exceptions, and an application for judgment on a special verdict or a verdict taken subject to the opinion of the court, shall be heard in the first instance at a general term."
The next act of Congress having any bearing upon the question before us is that of June 21, 1870; which provides that the several general and special terms authorized by the act of March 3, 1863, "which have been or may be held, shall be, and are declared to be, severally, terms of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, and the judgments, decrees, sentences, orders, proceedings, and acts of said general terms, special terms, circuit courts, district courts, and criminalcourts, heretofore or hereafter rendered, made, or had, shall be deemed judgments, decrees, sentences, orders, proceedings, and acts of said Supreme Court Provded, That nothing herein contained shall affect the right of appeal as providedby law " The same act abolished the Orphans' Court and invested the justice holding the special term of the Supreme Court for that purpose with the powers and jurisdiction then held and exercised by the former court, subject, however, to the provisions of the fifth section of the act of March 3, 186 , giving an appeal to the general term from any order involving the merits. 16 Stat. 159, 160.
The provisions of the acts of 1863 and 1870, so far as they regulate the jurisdiction and practice in the courts of this

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
District, are embodied in chapter 23 of the Revised Statutes of the District, without any material change.
When the Revised Statutes of 1874 were enacted, the jurisdiction of this court as to judgments or decrees of the Supreme Court of the District was thus defined "ThQ final judgment or decree of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, in any case where the matter in dispute, exclusive of costs, exceeds the value of one thousand dollars, may be reexamined and reversed or affirmed in the Supreme Court of the United States, upon writ of error or appeal, in the same manner and under the same regulations as are provided in -ases of writs of. error on judgments, or appeals from decrees rendered in a Circuit Court." Rev. Stat.  705. But by an act approved February 25, 1879, 20 Stat. 320, c. 99, such power of review was extended to cases where the matter in dispute exceeded the value of $2500, exclusive of costs, and by an act passed March 3, 1885, the amount was increased to $5000, with the reservation of the right of appeal or writ of error, without regard to the sum or value in dispute, in cases involving the validity of any patent or copyright, or in which is drawn in question the validity of a treaty or statute of, or an authority exercised under the United States. 23 Stat. 443, c. 355.
It is contended, on behalf of the appellees, that although this court has jurisdiction to reexamine and reverse or affirm the final judgment or decree of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, in any case where the value of the matter in dispute, exclusive of costs, exceeds $5000, it has not jurisdiction to refxamine the final judgment of that court, m general term, affirming an order of the same court, in special term, admitting a will to probate and record, although such final judgment and order, unless reversed, may affect the ownership or- disposition of property of a greater value than that amount. And this view, it is argued, is sustained by the decisions in 'n Ness v Tan Ness, 6 How 62, 67, and Brown v. Wiley, 4 Wall. 165. We are of opinion that this point was neither involved nor decided in-those cases.
Before exatmining those cases-our attention will be first given to that of Carter'sHers v Vuatng, 8 Cranch, 251. That was

ORMSBY v. WEBB.
Opinion of the Court.
n appeal, under the act of 1801, from a judgment of the Circuit Court of this District, affirming a judgment of the Orphans' Court of Alexandria County (which court had the same jurisdiction, and was created by the same act, as the Orphans' Court of Washington County), dismissing a petition filed for the revocation and repeal of the probate of a will. Two objections to the- appeal were urged in this court 1, That -by the act. of 1801 the Circuit Court had only the power of the chancellor of Maryland, and that by the laws of Ma;rylaifd the decree of the chancellor was final, 2, That the decree of dismissal was not-. a final judgment, order or decree of the Circuit Court wherein the matter in dispute, exclusive of costs, exceeded $100 Mr. Justice Story, speaking for the court, said as to the first objection "We are of opinion that the conclusiveness of its sentence forms no part of the essence of the powers of the court. Its powers to act are as ample, independent of their final quality, as with it. Besides, the act of February 2.1, 1801,  8, has expressly allowed an appeal from 'all final judgments, orders and decrees of the Circuit Courts,' where the matter in dispute exceeds the limited value, and- there is nothing in the context to narrow the ordinary inport of the language. We cannot admit that construction to be a sound one, which seeks by remote inferences to withdraw a case from the general provisions' of a statute, which is clearly within its words and perfectly consistent with its intent. The case of Young v Bank of Alexandrza, I Cranch, 381, is, in our judgment, decisive against this objection." In reference to the second objection, it was said "It is conceded by both parties that the estate devised to the respondent, Sally C. Cutting, is worth several thousand dollars. If, then, the probate of the will had any legal operation and was not merely void, the controversy .as to the validity of that probate was a matter in dispute equal to the value of the estate devised away from the heirs." The decree of the Circuit Court in that case, disnssing the petition, was reversed, and the cause remanded to that court with directions to proceed to a hearing upon the merits. The Circuit Court was thus required to determine, upon its merits, the validity of the probate of a will.

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
-The case of V'an Ness v. Van _Ness also arose under the act of 1801. It involved the question whether a particular person was the widow of an intestate, and upon that question depended the right of that person to have letters of administration granted to her. This issue, having been raised in the OrphansCourt, by. petition, was, pursuant to the Maryland statute of 1798, sent to the Circuit Court, as originally established, for trial by jury Under the instructions of that court a verdict was returned against the petitioner; and by its order the finding of the jury was certified, under seal, to the Orphans' Court, where the petition was dismissed. From that order a writ of error was brought, raising the question whether .this court could take cognizance of the case, and inquire whether the Circuit Court erred in its instruction to the jury Chief Justice Taney, speaking for the court, said (p. 67) "It is -true the Orphans' Court has no power to grant a new trial, and is bound to consider the fact to be as found by the jury , and consequently the judgment of that court must be against the plaintiff. But the matter in contest in the Orphans' Court is the right to the letters of admmnistration. And it is the province of that court to apply the law upon that subject to the fact, as established by the verdict of the jury, and to make their decree accordingly, refusing to revoke the letters granted to the defendant, and dismissing the petition of the plaintiff. The suit between the parties must remain still pending until that decree is pronounced. The certificate from the Circuit Court is nbthing more than evidence of the finding of the jury upon the trial of the issue. It merely certifies a fact, That is to say, that the jury had so found. And the order of the Circuit Court, directing a fact to be certified to another court to enable it to proceed to judgment, can hardly be regarded as a judgment, order or decree, in the legal sense of these terms as used in the act of Congress. Certainly it is not a final judgment or order. For it does not put an end to the suit in the Orphans' Court, as that court alone can, dismiss the petition of the plaintiff which is there pending; -and no other court has the power to pass.a judgment upon it. A verdict in any court of common law, if. not set aside, is in all cases conclusive as to

ORMSBY v. WEBB.

Opinion of the Court.

the fact found by the jury, and the judgment of the court

must follow it, as the Orphans' Court must follow the ver-

dieK in this case. Yet a writ of error will not lie upon the

verdict."

The case of Brown v Wiley is to the same effect. That

case arose upon a petition filed in the Orphans' Court. before

the act of 1863 was passed, raising the question whether the

petitioner was a child of the intestate, and as such entitled to

a certain fund in the hands of an administratrix. After that

act was in force the issues were submitted to a jury empan-

elled in the Supreme Court of the District, at special term,

and was determined in favor of the petitioner. A motion

for a new trial, on exceptions duly taken, was heard at gen-

eral term and overruled. The cause was then remanded with

direction to proceed according to law Thereupon an order

was made that the finding of the jury be certified .by the

clerk to the Orphans' Court, which was still in existence.

From that order a writ of error was brought, and this court,

holding that it was 'not a final order, dismissed the writ.

That this was the utmost extent of the decision is manifest

from the following extracts from the opinion delivered by

Chief Justice Chase, p. 70 "The case, in almost every particular, is identical with that

of 'Fan .Ness v 'Fan Ness. In that case, as in this, an issue

of fact was sent out of the Orphans' Court-to the Circuit Court

to be tried by a jury, was tried and found in the negative.

Exceptions were taken to the rulings upon the trial, and an

order was -made certifying the finding to the Orphans' Court.

The proceeding was brought into this court by writ of errQr,

which was dismissed for want of jurisdiction.

Th e

order certifying the finding to the Orphans' Court, in the cai4

of Van Ness, was identical in effect with the two order6

overruling the motion for new trial, and certifying the finding

in the case before us. In each case the exceptions taken at

the trial before the jury were overruled, ana nothing was left

for action in the court before which the issues were tried, but

the case went to the Orphans' Court for final judgment. In

that case it was held that the order was not one which could,

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
under the act, be reexamined on writ of error, and we see no reason for a different ruling in this."
Neither of the above cases involved the precise question now under examination. The decision in Carter's l-Aews v Cuttzng was, that the final order of ,the Orphans' Court, dismissing a petition which sought the revocation of the probate of a will, could be reviewed upon its merits in the Circuit Court, and that the final order of the latter court could be reexamined in this court. The decision in both Van N7Aess v Van .ess and Brown v Wiley was, that an order by the Circuit Court in the first case, and by the Supreme Court of the District in the other case, which directed the finding of the jury to be certified, simply directed a fact to be certified, and, therefore, was not a final judgment, reviewable by this court. In none of the above cases did the question arise, whether a final order -made after the trial before the jury of the issue of will or no will -admitting to probate a paper presented as the last will of the decedent, was reviewable upon its merits, by the Circuit Court while the act of 1801 was in force, or by the Supreme Court of the District after the passage of the act of 1863. Nor did either of those cases involve any question as to the jurisdiction of this court to reexamine a final judgment affirming an order of probate. The latter question is now, for the first time, presented for determination.
That an order in the Supreme Court of the District, at spe.clal term, admitting a will to probate and record is a final judgment, cannot, it seems to us, be disputed. It was so declared in Fan .Ness v. Van .N"ess and Brown v Wiley. A will, admitted to probate and record by a court of competent jurisdiction, is a mumment of title for all receiving property under it-; and, until the order so admitting it to probate is, by some appropriate proceeding, set aside or reversed, stands in the way of those who may have resisted the probate. In every sense, it is a final adjudication. And that an order of probate made in the Supreme Court of the District, special term, is reviewable by the general term is made clear by the provision that a party aggrieved by any order, judgment, or

ORMSBY v. WEBB.
Oplmon of the Court.
decree in a special term, involving the merits of the action or proceeding, may appeal to the general term, which "shall review such order, judgment, or decree, and affirm, reverse, or modify the same as shall be just." Rev Stat. D. C.  '772, 12 Stat. 763, c. 91,  5. Clearly an order of probate, based upon a finding by the jury upon issues as to the competency of the testator to make a will, is one involving the merits. If so, how is it possible, in view of the express words of the statute, to question the jurisdict' )nof the general term to review such final order of probate?
In respect to the authority of this court to reexamine the final judgments and decrees of the Supreme Court of this .District, the words of the statute are quite as clear as those defining the jurisdiction of the general term to review the orders and judgments of the special term. It embraces the final judgment or decree of that court "in any case" involving a specified amount. It is true that this regxamination must be upon writ of error or appeal "in the same manner and under the same regulations as are provided in cases of writs of error on judgments, or appeals from decrees rendered in a Circuit Court." But this language does not determine the nature of the "case" in the Supreme Court of the District, the final judgment in which is subject to re6xammation by this court. It only indicates the mode in which a case may be brought here for review So that -the only question is whether issues framed by the Supreme Court of the District, a-ad which involve an inquiry as to whether the decedent was or was not incompetent, from unsoundness of mind- or because of undue influence exerted upon him, to make a i\ill - issues to which there are.adversary parties- constitutes\a "case," within the meamng of the act of Congress defimng the jurisdiction of this court over the final judgments and decrees of the court below If it does not, then it would follow that a proceeding in the Supreme Court of the District to revoke the probate of a will is a "case," the final judgment in which, as held in CarMt2's.Hews v Cutting, may be reexamined by.this court, when the value of the matter in dispute is sufficient, while a proceeding in the same court involv-

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
ing the validity, as a last will and testament, of an instrument offered for probate, and, therefore, its admission to probate, is not a "case," the final judgment in which can be here reviewed. We cannot assent to this view The latter proceeding is as much a "case" as the former. One involves the validity of the probate of a will, the other the validity as a will of a paper offered for probate. Upon the determination of each depend rights of property, and in each are adversary parties. There can be no reason why Congress should extend the jurisdiction of this court to proceedings involving the validity of the probate of wills, and not to proceedings involving the validity of an instrument offered for probate as a will. That the issues in the former may be heard and determined, in the first instance, without a jury, and upon evidence before a court, while the issues in the latter may, and if the parties require, must, be tried, in the first instance, by a jury, with the right in the parties to have bills of exceptions showing the rulings of the court, cannot affect the nature of the "case. "
There are other decisions that throw some light upon the inquiry as to the jurisdiction of this court to reexamine the final judgments or decrees of the highest court of this District. In the case of Custhss v Georgetown and Al andrza Turnpike Company,. 6 Cranch, 233, one of the questions was as to the jurisdiction of this court to review the final order of the Circuit Court for the District of Columbia quashing an inquisition taken by the marshal condemning land for a turn'pike road. Its jurisdiction was maintained. By the words of the act constituting the Circuit Court of the District, this court was given jurisdiction to re6xamine "any final judgment, order or decree in said Circuit Court, wherein the matter in dispute, exclusive of costs, shall exceed the value," etc. These words, Chief Justice Marshall said, were "more ample than those employed in the judicial act." It will be found upon comparing the statute defining the jurisdiction of this court over the judgments and decrees of the Supreme Court of this District, with the statute of 1801 creating the Circuit Court of the District, that the words of the former are -as broad and ample as the words of the latter. The jurisdiction

ORMSBY v. NVEBB.
Opinion of the Court.
of this court extends to "the hinal judgment or decree of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, in any case," etc., while the words in the act of 1801 were "any final,judgment, order or decree in said Circuit Court, wherein the 'latter in dispute," etc. In Railroad 09. v hurch, 19 Wall. 62, the jurisdiction of this court, to reiexamine the final order of the Supreme Court of this District confirnnng an inquisition of damages returned therein, and which was instituted before the marshal and a jury of the district, was sustained. The court said that its power to review the judgments and final orders of the Supreme Court of the District was as ample as its power over the final judgments, orders and decrees of the Circuit Court which it superseded. These two adjudications illustrate, to some extent, the nature of the cases from the courts of this District which may be reexamined here, and showthat the question now before us .is to be determined by the acts of Congress defining the relations between this court and the highest court of this District, and not by reference to the statutes of Maryland, or to the statutes defining our jurisdiction to review the judgments of the Circuit Courts of the United States, held in the several States. And we may repeat here what Chief Justice Marshall said in Young v Bank of Alexandma, 4 Cranch, 384, m which the main question was as to the power of this court to review the judgments of the Circuit Court of this District in a certain class of cases "The words of the act of Congress being as explicit as language can furnish, must comprehend every case not coinpletely excepted from them."
Whatever difficulties may have, arisen, in cases like this, while there existed in this District a separate, distinct tribunal, having original cognizance of the probate of wills and the administration of the estates of deceased persons, cannot arie under existing legislation, which brings all such business within the cognizance of the Supreme Court of the District, and makes all orders, whether in its special or general term, the orders of that court. As was said in Metropolitan Railroad Co. v. MAtoore, 121 'U. S. 558, 071, 573, the act of 1863 was the introduction into this District of a new organization of its

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
judicial system, under which all the courts previously existing here as separate and independent tribunals, haling special and diverse jurisdictions, were consolidated into the new Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. For this reason, it was said that the new statutory provisions should be construed in the sense of the New York system, from which they wereimported, rather than in the light of the jurisprudence of Maryland previously prevailing in this District. Referring to the clause in the Constitution declaring that no fact tried by a jury shall be otherwise regxamined in any court of the United States than according to the rules of the common law, the court, speaking by Mr. Justice Matthews, said. "But that rule is not applicable as between the special and general terms of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia as now organized. The appeal from the special to the general term is not an appeal from one court to another, but is simply a step in the progress of the cause during its pendency in the same court. The Supreme Court sitting at special term, and the Supreme Court sitting in the general term, though the judges may differ, is the same tribunal."
We are of opinion that an appeal to the general term from the final order of probate made in the special term, which is not based upon a judicial determination of facts, but merely upon the finding of a jury, of necessity, brings into review before the general- term all the questions of law that are
.properly presented by the bill of exceptions taken at the trial. We say, of necessity, because 1. The statute requires the Supreme Court of the District, at general term, to review, upon appeal, any order, judgment or decree of the special term, involving the merits of the action or proceeding. 2. The judgment of the special term admittinga will to probate and record, pursuant to the verdict of the jury upon issues relating to the competency of the deceased to make a will, clearly involves the merits of the controversy, because it establishes the validity as a will of the writing offered for probate. 3. The right of appeal to the general term from such a judgment of the special term would be of no value whatever, in most cases, unless the former could, upon such appeal, deter-

ORMSBY v. WEBB.
Opinion of the Court.
mine the questions of law properly presented in the bill .of exceptions taken at the trial before the jury It could not have been intended that an appeal to the general term from the order of probate should only involve an inquiry as to whether that order was in conformity with the verdict of the jury
So an appeal to this court from the final judgment of the Supreme Court of the District, affirming the order of probate, of necessity, brings here for reexamination all the questions properly arising upon those bills of exceptions. The presentation of the instrument in question for probate as the last will of the deceased, the division of the adversary parties into plaintiffs and defendants, the framing of the issues to be tried by the jury, the trial before the jury, the allowance of-bills of exception, the motion for a-new trial and the overruling of that motion, the admission of the will to probate, and the affirmance of 'the order of probate, all occurred, not, as-under the old system, in different courts but in the same court -the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. -Ifthis proceeding, in which there are adversary parties, and the issues in which involve rights of property exceeding in value, the jurisdictional amount, be, within the meaning of the statute, as we hold it is," a case" which has been finally determined by the Supreme Court of the District, our authority to determine the questions of law, properly raised, and which in the court below , in any of its divisions, controlled the right to have the will probated, cannot be affected by the circumstance that the original order of probate simply followed the finding of the jury, and was made by the court below, held by a single jpsrice, not by the court in general term.
Nor isthe question before us affected by the consideratio that an order of the general term, merely affirming an order of the special term which overruled a motion for a new trial, where the finding of the jury is favorable to the caveatees, is not itself a final judgment. Such an order is,in legal effect, a directibn that a judgment of probate be entered by the same court which denied the new trial. It is only when that judgment is entered in special term, and is followed by judg-

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opinion of the Court.
ment of affirmance in general term, to review which a writ of error is sued out, that the jurisdiction of this court attaches. And in exercising that jurisdiction, this court will not, as it was asked to do in Fan .Yess v Fan .fess, and in Brown v. Wiley, review simply the order directing the finding of the jury to be certified, but it will inquire whether the facts embraced in that finding were ascertained in conformity with law If that inquiry is not to be fruitless we must regard the court,, in which the facts have been found and certified, as a unit for the purposes of the writ of error. And when that court makes an order, in general term, which, under the statute, may be reexamined here, the appeal therefrom brings up for review the questions upon which the final judgment really depends, namely, those presented by the bills of exception taken at the trial of the issues submitted to the jury It would be strange, indeed, if our regxamination of the final judgment of the Supreme Court of the District could not reach the errors of law which it may have committed in the conduct of that trial, and upon which that judgment is based.
For the reasons which have been stated-we are of opinion that the motion to dismiss the writ of error for the want of jurisdiction in this court to review the judgment in question was properly overruled at a former term.
And we are of opimon that. the last motion to dismiss, which proceeds upon the ground that this case is one of equitable cognizance to be reviewed here, if at all, only upon appeal, must also be overruled. It is, of course, undisputed that a final decree in equity, in the court below, cannot be reviewed here by means of a writ of error. But a proceeding involvihg the original probate of a last will and testament is not strictly a proceeding in equity, although rights arising out of, or dbpendent upon, such probate have often been deter mined by suits in equity In determining the question of the competency of the deceased to make a will, the parties have an absolute right to a trial by jury, and to bills of exceptions covering all the rulings of the court during the progress of such trial. These are not the ordinary features of a suit in equity A proceeding in this District for the probate of a

OIRMSBY v. NWEBB.
Opimori of the Court.
will, although of a peculiar character, is nevertheless a case in which there may be adversary parties, and in which there may be a final judgment affecting rights of property It comes within the very terms of the act of Congress defining the cases in the Supreme Court.of this District, the final judgments in which may be reexamined here. If it be not a case in equity, it is to be brought to this court upon writ of error, although the proceeding may not be technically -one at law, as distinguished from equity The last motion to dismiss must, consequently, be denied.
We come now to consider the merits of the case as disclosed by the bills of exceptions taken by the caveators at the trial. The principal questions before the jury related'to the alleged undue influence exerted upon the testator in the execution of the will, and to his capacity to make a disposition of his prop erty according to a fixed purpose. Upon these points the instructions given, at the instance of the caveators, were certamly as full as they could have desired.
The first exception taken by them relates to the exclusion of evidence tending to prove that the decedent said to the witness that he received the bulk of his estate by breaking the -will of his grandfather, who was also the ancestor of the caveators, and that his estate, consisted in a.great degree of that property with its accumulations. Argument is not needed to show that the manner in which the decedent acquired his estate was wholly immaterial upon the issue as to whether the paper in question was or. not valid as his last will and testament.
The second and third exceptions refer to the exclusion of testimony tending to show, by the declarations of Mrs. Stewart, one of the principal legatees, made about or after the date of the execution of the will, that she had knowledge at that time of theexecution of the will and of its provisions. The exclusion. of this evidence was right. The proper foundation being laid, the declarations of Mrs. Stewart could have -been proved for the purpose of impeaching or discrediting her testimony as a witness for the caveatees. Bat such declarations, not under oath, whenever made, were not competent for any
VOL. cx x v-5

OCTOBER TERM, 1889.
Opimon of the Court-
other purpose upon the trial of the issue as to competency to make a will. She was not the only legatee who was interested in the issues to be tried.
The fourth exception is based upon the refusal of the court to give this instruction. "1In order to establish undue influence it is not necessary to prove the influence to have been exercised at the time of the execution of the will or with reference to that act, but if the jury believe from the evidence that the undue influence existed prior to and near the time of the execution of the will, they may infer that the wyill was executed under the continuance of such influence.',It was not error to the prejudice of the caveators to refuse this instruction, for the reason, if there was no other, that the court bad already, at their instance, fully instructed the jury upon the subject of undue influence. Upon the motion of the caveators the jury were instructed that if the alleged will or any part of it was obtained by undue influence they should find it in their verdict that it was so obtained, that it was not necessary, in order to prove that he was unduly influenced in the execution of the will, that the mmd of the deceased be shown to be so weak as to render him incapable of attending to ordinary business, that it was material to inquire not only whether the will expressed his intention at the time of its execution but how that intention was produced, that influence obtained by flattery, importunity, threats, superiority of will, mind or character, or by what art soever that human thought, ingenuity, or cunning might employ, which would give dominion over the will of the deceased to such an extent as to destroy free agency or constrain, him against his will to do what he was unable to refuse, was such influence as the law condemned as undue, when exercised by any one immediately over the testamentary act, whether by direction or indirection, or obtained at one time or another, and that if they believed, from all the facts and circumstances in evidence, that the alleged will was the result of an unsound mind or of the undue influence or importunities of the person or persons surrounding the alleged testator at the time of the execution thereof, or both, they should so say m their verdict.

ORMSBY v. W-EBB.
Opimon of the Court.
Under these instructions the jury were at liberty to determine from all the evidence- that bearing directly on the execution of the will as well as that showing that the testator was, in respect to his affairs, generally under the control of others - whether in the execution of the will he was a free agent. This view disposes of the sixth exception, relating to the refusal of the court to instruct the jury that evidence that the legatee, Harriet 0. Stewart, improperly influenced the testator as to other inportant matters and things than the execution of this will was proper to be considered as tending to show that she could and did improperly influence him to make the bequests in-her favor or to exclude others of his next of kin and heirs at law from a participation in his estate. The. evidence upon this subject was before the jury, and under the instructions given in determining the question whether the undue influence-exercised by Mrs. Stewart in respect to- other matters extended to or controlled the execution of the will, they could give it such weight as they deemed proper.
The struction set out in the fifth exception was so manifestly wrong that it is unnecessary to give it special consideration.
The instructions contained in the seventh and eighth exceptions were properly refused upon the ground that the jury had already been instructed that it -was both their right and duty to consider all the proof before them, and make such answer-to the questions as the whole evidence justified.
The only remaining assignment of error to be noticed is that referring to the following instruction given by the court.: "If the jury shall believe the evidence of Mrs. Harriet 0. Stewart upon the-subject of undue influence, given by her in this case, then -the verdict must be in favor of the defendants and in support of the will." It is clear from the record that if Mrs. Stewart did not exercise undue influence over the testator there was no ground to suppose that any one else did, or to doubt the validity of the paper in question as a last will and testament. Her. evidence covered the whole case so completely that, if the jury believed what she said, they were bound to sustam that paper. as a valid will. With 'her evidencetaing

