WELLFORD v. SNYDER.
Syllabus.
the nature and extent of the injuries, made by the plaintiff's physician while treating him for them, was held not to be admissible as. affirmative evidence for the plaintiff, even though it was attached to a deposition of the physician, in which he swore that it was written by him and that it correctly stated the condition of his patient at the time referred to. The question was not one which arose on the crossexamination of a witness or in regard to his impeachment.
Nor was the present case one involving the well-established proposition, that incompetent questions are not allowable on cross-examination in order to predicate upon them an impeachment or contradiction of the witness.
The judgment is reversed, and the case is remanded to the Circuit Court, with a direction to grant a new trial.
WELLFORD v. SNYDER.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 105. Argued December 5, 8, 9, 1890.- Decided December 22, 1890.
A testator bequeathed to four dauglhters the sum of $20,000 apiece, to be invested in public securites and held in trust by hig executors for his said daughters respectively, and the income, as it accrued, applied to their several use and benefit; and directed that "from and after the intermarriage of any of them," the executors should hold the securities " belonging to the said daughter so marrying, in trust for the following purposes," namely, for the maintenance of her and her husband and the survivor of them for life, and after the death of both "for such issue as she may leave at the time of her death; and in case she shall die without leaving such issue," then for her surviving sisters and the issue of any deceased sister; and declared his intention that both principal and income should be free from the control of any husband; " and the better to secure the payment of these my daughters' fortunes," directed that, if a fund appropriated to the payment of debts and legacies should be insufficient, his whole estate should be charged "to make up the deficiency to my said daughters." Held, that the principal of the sum bequeathed to a daughter, who never married, vested in her absolutely, and passed by her will.

OCTOBER TERML, 1890.
Statement of the Case.
THis was a bill in equity, in the nature of a bill of interpleader, for the construction of the will, dated .July 1, 1824, of John Tayloe, by which, after providing for his wife, giving an annuity of $1200 to a daughter-in-law, making a devise to a grandson, and devising and bequeathing the greater part of his lands and personal property to his six sons, he provided for his daughters as follows:
"Having, at the time of the intermarriage of my daughter Mrs. Henrietta Hill Key, settled upon her ten thousand dollars, I give and bequeath to the said Henrietta ten thousand dollars more to be settled upon her, to her own separate use during her life, and after her death upon her children and their descendants. I wish however to be taken, as a part of the ten thousand dollars now bequeathed, about fifteen hundred and seventy-two dollars ninety and a half cents, which I paid on account of her husband a short time since, and for which a settlement of slaves has already been made upon her. And also any other sums of money which I have heretofore paid, or may hereafter pay or become liable for on account of her said husband. These sums are to form a part of the ten thousand dollars hereby directed to be settled, and are not to be taken in addition thereto.
"I give and bequeath to my daughters Catharine, Elizabeth M., Virginia and Anne 0. Tayloe twenty thousand dollars apiece, to be vested in United States Bank stock or in government securities, which stock or securities I do hereby direct that my executors hereinafter named shall hold in trust for my said daughters respectively, and shall apply the dividends, interest or profits of the said stock or securities to the use and benefit of my said daughters Catharine, Elizabeth M., Virginia and Anne 0. Tayloe severally and respectively, as the said dividends, interest and profits shall accrue; and from and after the intermarriage of any of them, then my said executors shall hold the said bank stock or other securities belonging to the said daughter so marrying, in trust for the following purposes, that is to say, in trust for the maintenance of her and her husband during their joint lives, then in trust for the survivor of the said husband and wife during his or her life, and after the

WELLFORD v. SNYDER.
Statement of the Case.
death of such survivor, then in trust for such issue as she may leave at the time of her death. And in case she shall die without leaving such issue, then in trust for her surviving sisters (my other daughters) and the issue of any deceased sister -such issue taking such share as the deceased sister whom they represent would have taken, had she been alive to take. And it is my intention that the said stock and securities, as also the dividends, interest or profits thereof, shall be utterly free from the power or control of the husbands of my said daughters. And the better to secure the payment of these my daughters' fortunes, I do hereby direct that, if the funds hereinafter particularly appropriated for the payment of debts and legacies shall -be insufficient for payment of debts and legacies, my estate generally must be charged to make up the deficiency to my said daughters."
He then set apart, as a fund for the payment of debts and legacies, certain real and personal estate, and all the residue of his estate of every kind not specifically devised or bequeathed; and gave to his sons any surplus of this fund remaining after payment of debts and legacies.
By a codicil, dated March 4, 1825, he provided as follows: "James Baker, Esq., having intermarried with my daughter Catharine, I have given him, in part of the fortune intended to be bequeathed to my said daughter, the sum of five thousand dollars, and my said son-in-law having expressed a wish that all the rest of the fortune intended for his said wife should be settled upon her, I have annexed this codicil for the purpose of carrying that wish into effect, and do hereby declare that all estate and interest whatsoever bequeathed by my said will to my said daughter Catharine (except the five thousand dollars given as aforesaid in part thereof) shall be taken and received to be in trust to my said daughter Catharine to her separate use and to her representatives, as designated and limited in that clause of my will in which I have made provision for my daughters, it being my intention that no further part of the said Catharine's fortune shall be enjoyed by the said James Baker, but as the separate estate of his wife."
The will and its codicils were admitted to probate March 14, 1828.

OCTOBER TERMl, 1890.
Citations for Appellants.
The case was set down for hearing on bill and answers, and was as follows: John Tayloe's daughters Catharine, Elizabeth M. and Anne 0. married and died, leaving children or grandchildren. His daughter Virginia died unmarried, leaving a will by which she bequeathed the sum of $20,000, bequeathed to her by her father, to a daughter of Anne 0. The question presented to the court was whether by the will of John Tayloe this sum vested in his daughter Virginia so as to pass by her will, as her legatee and administrator contended; or, as contended by the grandchildren of Elizabeth M., went, upon the death of Virginia unmarried and without issue, to her sisters or their issue.
The court entered a decree in favor of Virginia TaylQe's legatee. 5 Mackey, 443. The grandchildren of Elizabeth M. appealed to the court.
-Yr. Leigh Robinson for appellants cited: Sheets' Estate, 52 Penn. St. 257; Urich's Appeal, 86 Penn. St. 386; Terry v. Wiggins, 47 N. Y. 512; Bell v. Warn, 4 Hun, 406; Collier v. G-rimesey, 36 Ohio St. 17, 22; Baxter v. Bowyer, 19 Ohio St. 490; Smith v. Bell, 6 Pet. 68; Lucas v. Lockhart, 10 Sm. & Marsh. 466; S. C. 48 Am. Dec. 766; Woodruff v. Woodruff, 32 Georgia, 358; Barrus v. Kirkland, 8 Gray, 514; Butler v. Gray, L. R. 5 Oh. 26; Noe v. .filler, 31 N. J. Eq. 234; Dean v. Hart, 62 Alabama, 308; Pillow v. Wade, 31 Arkansas, 678; KYelly v. Bronson, 26 Minnesota, 359; O'ANeall v. Boozer, 4 Rich. Eq. 22; Kfeith v. Perry, 1 Dessaus. 353; Roberts v. Vatson, 4 Jones, Law, 319; Rose v. 3IoI~ose, 26 Missouri, 590; Roberts v. ltfoseley, 51 Missouri, 282; Hanson v. Worthington, 12 Maryland, 418; Bentley v. Kauffman, 86 Penn. St. 99; Prewett v. Land, 36 Mississippi, 495; Blann v. Bell, 5 DeG. & Sm. 658; Innes v. .litchell, 6 Yes. 464; Wetherell v. Wetherell, 4 Giff. 51; . C. 1 DeG. J. & S. 134; Hamilton v. Lloyd, 2 Ves. Jr. 416; Brandon v. Robinson, 18 Ves. 429; Dick v. Pitchford,1 Dev. & Bat. Eq. 480; Hlavens v. Hlealy, 15 Barb. 296; Akers v. Akers, 23 N. J. Eq. 26; Leggett v. Perkins, 2 Oomstock, 297; Pales v. Currier, 55 N. H. 392; Bain v. Zescher, 11 Sim. 397 ; Newman v. Alight-

WELLFORD v. SNYDER.
Opinion of the Court.
ingale, 1 Cox Oh. 341; Hollister v. Shaw, 46 Connecticut, 248; Hafield v. Sohier, 114 Mass. 48 ; Varley v. Vinn, 2 K. & J. 700; .Mackinnon v. Peach, 2 Keen, 555 ; -Home v. Pillans,2 Myl. & K. 15; Salisbury v. Pelty, 3 Hare, 86; Edwards v. Edwards, 15 Beavan, 357; Whitney v. Whitney, 45 N. HI. 311; Briggs v. Shaw, 9 Allen, 516; _lfontagu v. .Neella,1 Russ. 165; Henry v. -MeLaughlin,1 Price, 264; Gallandv. Leonard, 1 Swanston, 161; Da&Costa v. .Keir,3 Russ. 360; Johnston v. Antrobus, 21 Beavan, 556; Hoxsey v. Hoxsey, 37 N. 5. Eq. 21; Burbank v. Whitney, 24 Pick. 146; S. C. 35 Am. Dec. 312; .Frazerv. PeoriaCounty Supervisors,74 Illinois, 282; Reinders v. .Koppelmann, 68 Missouri, 482; Wead v. Gray, 78 Missouri, 59; Giles v. Little, 104 U. S. 291; Hagerty v. A16ight, 52 Penn. St. 274.
Mr. William Pinkney Whyte and .fir. Henry Wise Ganiett, for appellees, cited: Bowly v. .Lammot, 3 Hlarr. & Johns. 4; -Dougherty v. Mouett, 5 G. & Johns. 459; Chamberlain v. Owings, 30 Maryland, 447; Evans v. Iglehart, 6 G. & Johns. 171; Casilly v. .Meyer, 4 Maryland, 1; Edelin v. fitchell, 9 Gill, 161; Page v. Leapingwell, 18 Yes. 463; Humphrey v. ]umphrey, I Sim. (N. S.) 536; Kerry v. Derrick, Cro. Jac. 104; Manning v. C'aig,3 N. J. Eq. 436; S. C. 41 Am. Dec. 739; Collier v. Collier,3 Ohio St. 369; Garretv. Rex, 6 Watts, 14; Pennsylvania Co.'s Appeal, 83 Penn. St. 312; Afillard's Appeal, 87 Penn. St. 457; Elton v. Sheppard, I Bro. Oh. 532; Itaig v. Swiney, 1 Sim. & St. 487; Adamson v. Armitage, 19 Ves. 415; Craft v. Snook, 13 N. J. Eq. 121; S. C. 78 Am. Dec. 94; Gulick v. Gulick,.27 N. J. Eq. 498; Earl v. Grim, 1 Johns. Oh. 4941; XoXe-ichael v. Hunt, 83 N. Car. 344; Sproul's Appeal, 105 Penn. St. 438; Fairfax v. Brown, 60 Maryland, 52; Rawlinqs v. 7ennings, 13 Yes. 39; Stretch v. Watkins, 1 Madd. 253; Clough v. JWynne, 2 Madd. 188.
M. JUSTICE GrAY, after stating the case as above, delivered the opinion of the court.
The decision of this case depends upon the true construction of that paragraph in John Tayloe's will by which he be-

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
queathes to four of his daughters the sum of $20,000 each. Neither the other paragraphs of the will, nor the codicils, appears to us to have any material bearing.
The testator begins by giving and bequeathing to each of these four daughters the sum of $20,000 apiece, to be invested in United States Bank stock or in government securities, which he directs his executors to hold in trust for his said daughters respectively, and to apply the income thereof, as it shall accrue, to their several use and benefit. Had the testator stopped here, there could be no doubt that the bequest to each daughter of the principal sum and of the income thereof vested in her the absolute property in that sum, which would pass by her will, or, if she died intestate, to her representatives. Page v. Leapingwell, 18 Ves. 463, 467; Achamson v. Ar'mitage, 19 Ves. 416; S. C. Cooper, 283; Garret v. Rex, 6 Watts, 14; _l'airfax v. Brown, 60 Maryland, 50. The last sentence of the paragraph, by which the testator, if a fund afterwards appropriated for the payment of debts and legacies shall be insufficient, charges his whole estate with the payment of "these my daughters' fortunes," and "to make up the deficiency to my said daughters," tends to the same conclusion.
The operation of such general words to pass an absolute title may doubtless be restricted by a context manifesting an intention that the legatee shall take an estate for life only. Thetherell v. 1Vet1herell, 4 Giff. 51, and 1 DeG. J. & S. 134; Sheet's -Estate,52 Penn. St. 257. The real question, therefore, is how far the intermediate provisions, in the paragraph under consideration, restrict the effect of the general words of bequest to the four daughters..
The testator introduces those provisions by directing that "from and after the intermarriage of any of them" his executors shall hold the stock or securities "belonging to the said daughter so marrying, in trust for the following purposes," expressed in three sentences: 1st. For the maintenance of her and her husband and the survivor of them for life, and after the death of both "for such issue as she may leave at the time of her death." 2d. "And in case she shall die without leaving such issue," then for her surviving sisters and the issue of any

WELLFORD v. SNYDER.
Opinion of the Court.
deceased sister. 3d. The testator declares it to be his intention that both principal and income "shall be utterly free from the power or control of the husbands of my said daughters."
By the order and connection of these sentences, and by the natural and grammatical meaning of the words used, none of them apply to daughters who never marry. The preliminary supposition or postulate, that "from and after the intermarriage of any of them" the executors shall hold the stock or securities "belonging to the said daughter so marrying, in trust for the following purposes," underlies and attends all the provisions by which those purposes are defined. Of those provisions, as above classified, the first and the third, making mention of husbands, cannot possibly apply except to married daughters; and immediately after the last words of the first, by which upon the death of a married daughter and her husband her share is to go to "such issue as she may leave at the time of her death," follow the words, "And in case she shall die without leaving such issue," which define the event in which the second provision shall take effect. In this connection, the word "she" in the singular, and the words designating her issue, relate grammatically, as well as naturally, to the married daughter and her issue, just mentioned; and not to the four daughters, married or unmarried, and to issue of unmarried ones. The three provisions, whether viewed separately and according to the letter, or as a whole and according to the manifest spirit and intent, all have one aim, and one only, that the share of any married daughter (the income only being received by herself and her husband for life) shall never pass into the husband's ownership or control, but shall vest in her issue, if she leaves any, otherwise in the testator's other daughters or their issue.
The general design of the testator is manifest to give all his daughters equal portions; the provisions with regard to the shares of those who marry are not inconsistent with this design, but are intended to preserve the benefit of the bequest to the daughters and their children; and those provisions do not affect the absolute title of a daughter who never marries.
This conclusion is in accord with a long line of English deci-

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Syllabus.
sions of high authority in similar cases. IFittell v. Dudin, 2 Jac. & Walk. 279; Hulme v. Hulme, 9 Sim. 644; Winckwo'th v. Finckworth, 8 Beavan, 576; Gompertz v. Gomyertz, 2 Phillips, 107; .assence v. Tierney, 1 Macn. & Gord. 551; S. C. 2 Hall & Twells, 115; Corbet's T'rusts, H. R. V. Johnson, 591; Kellett v. AKellett, L. R. 3 H. L. 160, 168, 169. See also Gulicek v. GuliC, 10 C. E. Green, 324, and 12 0. E. Green, 498.
The court below, therefore, rightly held that the principal of the sum bequeathed to Virginia Tayloe, who never married, vested in her absolutely, and went to her legatee.
Decree affirmed.
ST. PAUL, MINNEAPOLIS AND MANITOBA RAILWAY COMPANY v. PHELPS.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA.
No. 26. Argued and submitted November 6, 1890.-Decided December 22, 1890.
The grant of lands to the Territory of Minnesota by the act of March 3, 1857, 11 Stat. 195, c. 99, and the grant to the State of Minnesota by the act of March 3, 1865, 13 Stat. 526, c. 105, were grants inpraesenti,and took effect by relation upon the sections of land as of the date of the grant, when the railroads were definitely located, both as to so much of the grants as was found within the limits of the State of Minnesota as defined by the act admitting it as a State, and as to so much thereof as was within the limits of the Territory of Minnesota under the territorial organization of 1857, but was not within the limits of the State when admitted as a State.
It cannot be safely asserted that it has been the general policy of the United States government to restrain a grant of land made to a State in aid of railways, to lands within such State, when a part of the line of road extends into one of the Territories.
Where the language of a series of statutes is dubious, and open to different interpretations, the construction put upon them by the Executive Department charged with their execution has great and generally controlling force with this court; but where a statute is free from all ambiguity, the letter of it is not to be disregarded in favor of a presumption as to the policy of the government, even though it may be the settled practice of the Department.

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Counsel for Appellant.
#6993 and '7008,the description in these 'deeds was sufficient. These sections are printed in the margin.'
JOHNSON v. POWERS.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
No. 147. Argued January 12,13, 1891.-Decided March 9, 1891.
An administrator appointed in one State cannot as such maintain any suit in another State.
A judgment recovered against an administrator in one State is no evidence of debt ina suit by the same plaintiff in another State against third persons having assets of the deceased.
The allowance, by commissioners appointed by a probate court in the State of Michigan, pursuant to statute, of a'claim against the -state of a deceased person, upon a hearing to which the only party is the administrator in his personal capacity as claimant, and in his representative capacity as defendant, is no evidence of debt in a suit in equity by him in the Circuit Court of the United States in New York to recover from other persons assets of the deceased.
APPEAL from a decree dismissing a bill in equity. The case is stated in the opinion.
Mr.A. H. Garland(with whom was 3r1. H. J. Afay on his brief) for appellant. .MX'. fosepk P. TVhittemore filed a brief for same.
1,, SEC. 6993. No irregularity in the assessment roll, nor omission from the same, nor mere irregularities of any kind in any of the proceedings, shall invalidate any such proceeding or the title conveyed by the tax deed; nor shall any failure of any officer or officers to perform the duties assigned him -or them, upon the day specified, work an invalidation of any such proceedings or of said deed."
" SEc. 7008. In all advertisements, certificates, papers or proceedings relating to the assessment and collection of taxes and proceedings founded thereon, any description of lands which shall indicate the land intended with ordinary and reasonable certainty, and which would be sufficient between grantor and grantee in an ordinary conveyance, shall be sufficient."

JOHNSON v. POWERS.
Opinion of thie Court.
-Y. Wilam/ F. Cogswell for appellees.
:r-m. JusTicE. GxY delivered the opinion of the court.
This is a bill in equity, filed in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of New York, by George K. Johnson, a citizen of Michigan, in behalf of himself and of all other persons interested in theadministration of the assets of Nelson P. Stewart, late of Detroit in the c6unty of Wayne and State of Michigan, against several persons, citizens. of New York, aIleged to hold real estate in New York under conveyances made by Stewart'in fraud of his creditors.
The bill is founded upon the jurisdiction in equity of the Circuit Court of the United States, independent of statutes or practice in any State, to administer, as between citizens of different States, any deceased person's .assets within its jurisdiction. Payne v. Hook, T Wall. 425; .ennedy v. Creswell, 101 U. S. 641.
At the threshold of the case, we are met by the question whether the plaintiff shows such an interest in Stewart's estate as to be entitled to invoke the exercise of this jurisdiction.
He seeks to maintain his bill, both as administrator, and as a creditor, in behalf of himself and all other creditors of Stbwart.
The only evidence that he was either administrator or creditor is a duly certified copy of a record of the probate court of the county of Wayne and State of Michigan, *showing his appointment by that court as administrator of Stewart's estate; the subsequent appointment by that court, pursuant to the statutes of Michigan, of commissioners to receive, examine and adjust all claims of creditors against the estate; and the report of those commissioners, allowing several claims, including one to this plaintiff, "George K. Johnson, for judgments against claimant in Wayne Circuit Court as endorser," and naming him as administrator as the party objecting to the allowance of all the claims.
The plaintiff certainly cannot maintain this bill as administrator of Stewart, even if the bill can be construed as framed in

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.

Opinion of the Court.

that aspect; because he admits that he has never taken out let-

ters of administration in N{ew York; and the letters of admin-

istration granted to him'in Michigan confer no poweir beyond

the limits of that State, and cannot authorize him to maintain

any suit in the courts, either State or national, held in any

other State. Stacy v. Thrasher, 6 How. 44, 58; .Noonan v.

B'racley, 9 Wall. 394.

'

- The question remains whether, as against these defendants,

the plaintiff has proved 'himself to be a creditor of Stewart.

The only evidence on this point, as already observed, is the

record of the proceedings before commissioners appointed by

the probate court in Michigan. It becomes necessary there-

fore to consider the nature and the effect of those proceedings.

They were had under the provisions of the General Statutes

of Michigan, (2 Howell's Statutes, §§ 5888-5906,) "the general

idea" of which, as stated by Judge-Cooley, "is that all claims

against the estates of deceased persons shall be duly proved

before commissioners appointed to hear them, or before the

probate court when no commissioners are appointed. The

commissioners act judicially in the allowance of claims, and

the administrator cannot bind the estate by admitting their

correctness, but must leave them to be proved in the usual

mode." Clarkt7 v. .Davis,32 Michigan, 154, 157. The commis-

sioners, when once appointed, become a special tribunal, .which,

for most purposes, is independent of the probate court, and

from which either party may appeal to the circuit court of the

county; and, as against an adverse claimant, the administrator,

general or special, represents the estate, both before the com-

missioners and upon the appeal. 2 Howell's Statutes, §§ 5907-

5917; Lothrop v. Conely, 39 Michigan, 757. The decision of

the commissioners, or of the circuit court on appeal, should

properly be only an allowance or disallowance of the claim,

and not in the form of a judgment at common law. _La Roe

v. Freeland, 8 Michigan, 530. But, as between the parties to

the controversy, and as to the payment of the claim out of the

estate in the control of the probate court, it has the effect of a

judgment, and cannot be collaterally impeached by either of

those parties. Shurbun v. Hooper, 40 Michigan, 503.

JOHNSON v. POWERS.
Opinion of the Court.
Those statutes provide that, when the administrator declines to appeal from a decision of the commissioners, any person interested in the estate may appeal from that decision to the circuit court; and that, when a claim of the administrator against the estate is disallowed by the commissioners and he appeals, he shall give notice of his appeal to all concerned by
personal setvice or by publication. 2 Howell's Statutes, §§
5916, 5917. It may well be doubted whether, within the spirit and intent of these provisions, the administrator, wben he is also the claimant, is not bound to give notice to other persons interested in the estate, in order that they may have an opportunity to contest his claim before the commissioners; and whether an allowance of his claim, as in this case, in the absence of any impartial representative of the estate, and of other persons interested therein, can be of any binding effect, even in Michigan. See Lothrop v. Conely, above cited.
But we need not decide that point, because upon broader grounds it is quite clear that those proceedings are incompetent evidence, in this suit and against these defendants, that the plaintiff is a creditor of Stewart, or of his estate.
A judgment in rem binds only.the property within the control of the court which rendered it; and a judgment in jer,onar binds only the parties to that judgment and those in privity with them.
A judgment recovered against the administrator of a deceased person in one -State is no evidence of debt, in a subse*quent suit by the same plaintiff in another State, either against an administrator, whether the same or a different person, appointed there, or against any other person having assets of the deceased. Aspden v. Nixon, 4 How. 467; Stacy v. Tkhrashe, 6 How. 44; McLean v. Meekc, 18 How. 16; Low v. Bartlett, 8 Allen, 259.
In Stacy v. Thra8ker,in which a judgment, recovered in one State against an administrator appbinted in that State, upon an alleged debt of the intestate, was held to be incompetent evidence of the debt in a suit brought by thesame plaintiff in the Circuit Court of the United States held within another State against an administrator there appointed of the sanlo

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
intestate, the reasons given by Mr. Justice Grier have so strong a bearing on the case before us, and on the argument of the appellant, as,to be worth quoting from: ,"The administrator receives his authority from the ordinary, or other officer of the government where 'the goods of the intestate are situate. But coming into such possession by succession to the intestate, and encumbered with the duty to pay. his debts, he is considered in law as in privity with him, and therefore bound or estopped by a judgment against 'him. Yet his representation of his intestate is a qualified one, andextends not beyond the assets of which the ordinary had jurisdiction." 6 How. 58.
In-answering the objection that to apply these principles to a judgment obtained in another State o. the Union-would be to deny it the faith and credit, and the effect, to which it was entitled by the Constitution and laws of the United States, he observed that it was evidence, and conclusive by way of estoppel, only between the same parties, or their privies, or on the same subject matter when the proceeding was in rem; and that the parties to the judgments in question were not the same; neither were they privies, in blood, in law or by estate; and proceeded as follows:
"An administrator under grant .of administration in one State stands in none of these relations to an administrator in another. Each is privy to the testator, and would be estopped by a judgment against him; but they have no privity with each other, in law or in estate. They receive their authority from different sovereignties, and over different property. The, authority of each is paramount to the other. Each is accountable to the ordinary from whom he receives his authority. Nor does the one come by succession to the other into the trust of the same property, encumbered by the same debts." 6 How. 59, 60.
"It is for those who assert this privity to show wherein it lies, and the argument for it seems to be this: That the judgment against the administrator is against the estate of the intestate, and that his estate, wheresoever situate, is liable to pay his debts ; therefore the plaintiff, having once established

JOHNSON v. POWERS.
Opinion of the Court.
his claim against the estate by the judgment of a court, should not be called on to make proof of it again. This argument assumes that the judgment is in rem, and not in yersonam, or that the estate has a sort of corporate entity and unity. But this is not true, either in fact or in legal construction. The judgment is against the person of the administrator, that he shall pay the debt of the intestate out of the funds committed to his care. If there be another administrator in another State, liable to pay the same debt, he may be subjected to a like judgment upon the same demand, but the assets in his hands cannot be affected by a judgment to which he is personally a stranger." "The laws and courts of a State can only affect persons and things within their jurisdiction. Consequently, both as to the administrator and the property confided to him, a judgment in another State is res inter alios acta. It carmot be evenprima faeie evidence of a debt; for if it have any effect at all, it must be as a judgment, and operate by way of estoppel." 6 How. 60, 61.
In Low v. Bartlett, above cited, following the decisions of this court, it was held that a judgment allowing a claim against the estate of a deceased person in Vermont; under statutes similiar to those of Michigan, was not competebt evidence of debt in a suit in equity brought in Massachusetts by the same plaintiff against an execitor appointed there, and agains.t legatees who had received money from him; the court saying: "The judgment in Vermont was in no sense a judgment against them, nor against the property, which they had received from the executor." .Allen, 266.
In the case at bar, the allowance of Johnson's claim by the commissioners appointed by the probate court in Michigan, giving ii the utmost possible effect, faith and credit, yet, if considered as a judgment in rem, bound only the assets within the jurisdiction of that court, and, considered as a judgment interpartes,bound only the parties to it and their privies. It. was not a judgment against Stewart in his lifetime, nor against his estate wherever it might be; but only against his assets and his administrator in Michigan. The only parties to t6 decision of the commissioners were Johnson, in his personal
VOL. cxxxrx-N1

OCTOBER TERlM, 1890.
Dissenting Opinion: Brown, J
capacity, as claimant, and Johnson, in his representative capacity, as administrator of those assets, as defendant. The present defendants were not parties to that judgment, nor in privity with Johnson in either capacity. If any other claimant in those proceedings had been the plaintiff here, the allowance of his claim in M[ichigan would have been no evidence of any debt due to him from the deceased, in this suit brought in New York to recover alleged property of the deceased in New York from third persons, none of whom were parties to those proceedings, or in privity with either party to them. The fact that this plaintiff was himself the only party on both sides of those proceedings cannot, to say the least, give the decision therein any greater effect against these defendants.
The objection is not that the plaintiff cannot maintain this bill without first recovering judgment on his debt in Nev York, but that there is 'no evidence whatever of his debt except the judgment in Michigan, and that that judgment, being res inter aios aatct, is not competent evidence against these defendants.
This objection being fatal to the maintenance of this bill, there is no occasion to consider the other questions, of law or of fact, mentioned in the opinion of the Circuit Court and discussed at the bar.
_Decree affli-med. Rfi.JusTIcE BRowN dissenting.
I am constrained to dissent from the opinion of the court in this case. This is a bill by a creditor to reach the -assets of. his insolvent and deceased debtor, alleged to have been fraudulently conveyed by him before his death. Did the plaintiff sue in his capacity as administrator, it is freely conceded that under the, case of -Yoonan v. Bradley, 9 Wall. 394, his bill could not be maintained. But, while the bill recites his appointment as administrator, it is rather by, way of introduction to the proceedings which were subsequently had in the probate court than as an independent title to relief. After the recital of steh proceedings, the- bill proceeds to state in substaiice that during the year 1874 commissioners were duly

JOHNSOQN v. POWERS.

Dissenting Opinion: Brown, J.

appointed by the probate court having jurisdiction of the

estate of the decedent, to hear, determine and adjudicate upon

claims of creditors against said estate, before whom plaintiff

appeared and presented his claim as creditor of 'said Stewart,

which said claim was proved before said commission, and

judgment rendered in favor of plaintiff for $84,975.04. And

the report of said proceedings and judgment was duly filed in

said probate court on February 3, 1875.

It is further averred that said Stewart at his decease left no

property, real pr personal, in the State of Michigan, except

certain real estate alleged to have been fraudulently conveyed,

and that his estate was utterly and hopelessly insolvent; but

that upon suit by plaintiff as administrator against the fraudu-

lent transferees of such real estate, about 7 per cent of the

aggregate indebtedness proved in the probate court was re-

covered.

The bill further states that no administration has ever been

applied for or had in the State of iNew York, and that dece-

dent left no personal or other assets in that State, except the

real estate sought to be reached by this bill.

By Howell's Statutes of Michigan, section 5888, when "let-

ters testamentary or of administration shall be granted by the

judge of any court of probate, such judge may, in his discre-

tion, . . . appoint two or more suitable persons to be

commissioners to 'receive, examine and adjust all claims and

demands of all persons against the deceased," etc. These com-

missioners give public notice of their meeting, proceed to hear

testimony, and adjudge as to the validity of each claim pre-

sented. By section 5898 they are required to make report of

claims allowed, and by section 59.02, "when commissioners

shall be appointed

. no action shall be commenced

against the executor or administrator . . . until the expi-

ration of the time limited by the court for the payment of the

debts." By the construction given to these sections by the

Supreme Court of Michigan, the commissioners are an inde-

pendent special tribunal,_(Lothrop v. Conely, 39 Michigan,

757,) and while not a court; in the constitutional sense, they act

judicially inthe allowance of claims. Fish.v. Aorse, 8 Michi-

OCTOBER TER.K, 1890.
Dissenting Opinion: Brown, J.
gan, 31; Clark v. .Davis, 32 Michigan, 1541, 157; Shurbun v. Hooper, 40 Michigan, 503. Their decisions, unless appealed from, are final, and are to all intents and purposes judgments, except that no execution can issue upon them. But the amount allowed in each case becomes a debt which the administrator is bound to pay from the assets of the estate. Indeed, it is not perceived why these are not "judicial proceedings" within the meaning of Article 4 of the Constitution, to which "full faith and credit" must be given by the courts of other States.
It is true that these proceedings are not binding'upon others than parties and privies, and if this were an action against the administrator of the same estate in the State of New York it is conceded at once that under the case of Stacy v. Thrasher, 6 How. 44, the action would not lie. But it is difficult to see how the defendants in this case could be made parties to a suit at law to recover this debt, for which they are certainly not primarily liable, nor is there any one against whom an. action could be brought in the State of New York, since there is no administrator or other representative of Stewart's estate there who could be made defendant in such suit. I bad supposed that the only objects of obtaining a judgment as the foundation for a bill of this description were, either to fix the status of the plaintiff as a creditor, or to show, by an execution retdrned unsatisfied, that he had exhausted his remedy at law. In this case, as before stated, no execution could issue under the practice in Michigan, and the averments. of the bill show that even if it could have issued, it would have been 'unavailing, since the estate was hopelessly insolvent, and there was no property subject to execution. Of course no execution could issue in New York, and there was no person there against whom an action could be brought or a judgment obtained. I see no reason why this case is not controlled in this particular ,by that of Case v. iBeauregard,101 1U. S. 688, in which it was held that, while it was true that a creditor's bill to subject a debtor's interest in property to the payment of the debt must show that all remedy at law had been exhausted, and generally it must be averred that judgment

JOHNSON v. POWERS.

165

Dissenting Opinion: Brown, J.

had been recovered for the debt, and execution issued and returned unsatisfied, after all, these were only evidences that the legal remedies had been exhausted, and not the only possible means of proof ; and that, where it appeared _by the bill that the debtor was insolvent, and the issuing of an execution would be of no practical utility, the issue of such execution is not a necessary prerequisite to equitable interference.
Such was also the ruling of this court in Sage v. .femyliis & Little Booke Railroad,125 U. S. 361, 376. Indeed, it appears from the case of ifennedy v. Creswell, 101 U. S. 641, that a creditor of a deceased person has a right to go into a court of equity for a discovery of assets and the payment of his debts, though he may never have obtained judgment at all. "When there," says Mr. Justice Bradley, "he will not be turned back to a court of law to establish the validity of his claim. The court being in rightful possession of the cause for a discovery and account, will proceed to a final decree upon all the merits." In that case, the plaintiffs appeared only as the holders' of a note against the deceased. In the 'case under consideration, the debt is evidenced by the allowance of plaintiff's claim by the probate court in Michigan. I fail to understand how the defendants in this case could have been made parties to such proceedings, or to appreciate the necessity of such action, although they would be at liberty to insist that the probate
court had no jurisdiction to allow the claim, and perhaps also that the claim itself was not valid against the estate.
As the other questions are not discussed by the court, I do not deem it necessary to express an opinion upon them.

OCTOBER TEflR, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
SNYDER v. FIEDLER.
ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE
DIS RIC'T OF 3MASSACHUSETTS.
No. 231. Argued March 19, 1891. -Decided March 30,1891.
The administratrix of her husband's estate commenced suit to recover a claim alleged to be due the estate. She resigned and was discharged, and an administrator de. bos n1on was appointed and qualified, and appeared and obtained leave to prosecute the suit. tIeld, that she was a competent witness for the plhintiff at the trial.
THE case is stated in the opinion.
iJfr. Jo.hna ). B7all for plaintiffs in error. The court declined to hear further argument.
iJ2. Jokn P. Tr'eadwell appeared for defendant in error.
MR. JuSTICE HARLAN delivered the opinion of the court.
The present action was brought April 30,. 1885, in the Superior Court of Suffolk County, Massachusetts, by Marie R. Liebsch, administratrix of the estate of Francis J. Liebsch, her deceased husband, against the plaintiffs in error, administrators of the estate of C. Brown Snyder. Its object was to recover the sum of five thousand dollars alleged to have been delivered -October 15, 1876, by Francis J. Liebsch to C. Brown Snyder, to be invested by the latter for the benefit of the former, but which the declaration alleged was never invested nor accounted for nor repaid to said Liebsch. The defendants denied all the material allegations of the declaration. The case having been removed from the state court on their petition, upon the ground of the diverse citizenship of parties, was docketed in the court below at its October term, 1S85.
At a trial on the 9th of December, 1886, MKarie lv. Liebsch was called as a witness in her own behalf, as party plaintiff, to prove tile delivery of the five thousand dollars to Snyder,

SNYDER v. FIEDLER.
Opinion of the Court.
the circumstances of such delivery and his promises in relation thereto. Objection having been made to her competency as a witness to those facts, the case, on motion of plaintiff's counsel, was withdrawn from the jury and continued. Subsequently, December 13, 1886, 'Marie R. Liebsch tenderedto the proper court her resignation of the office of administratrix. The resignation was accepted on the same day, and the defendant in error appointed administrator de bov.ix von. On the 1st day of June, 1887, Fiedler, as such administrator do bonis non, filed a written motion asking leave to come in and prosecute the action in place of Marie IR. Liebsch, resigned. This motion was allowed by the court "as of December 13, 1886, by consent of both parties."
At the next trial Mrs. Liebsch was offered as a witness in behalf of Fiedler, administrator de.bonis non, to testify against the defendants in respect to transactions of herself and husband with Snyder, and to statements by the latter to them tending to sustain the cause of action set out in the declaration. The defendants objected to her competency as a witness to prove such transactions and statements, unless called by them, or required to testify thereto by the court. The objection was overruled, and she was permitted to testify as to those transactions and statements. 11er testimony was material and she was the only witness called by the plaintiff, except one who testified as- to the administration proceedings. The plaintiff's counsel claimed at the trial that $1400 had been paid to Mrs. Liebsch by Snyder in his lifetime, but after the death of Francis J. Liebsch,. and that this payment should be deducted. There was a verdict and judgment in favor. of the plaintiff Fiedler, administrator do bonis non, for $668-4.
In the courts of the United States no person can be excluded as a witness in a civil action by reason of being " a party to or interested in the issue tried," except "that in actions by or against executors, administrators or guardians in which judgment may be rendered for or against them, neither party shall be allowed to testify against the other, as to any transaction with or statement by the testator, intestate or ward, unless called to testify thereto by the opposite party or required to

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
testify thereto by the court." Rev. Stat. § 858; 12 Stat. c. 189, p. 588; 13 Stat. c. 210, § 3, p. 351; 13 Stat. c. 113, p. 533. This exception has no application in the present case. Upon the acceptance of Mrs. Liebsch's resignation as administratrix, and when the order was made allowing her successor, the administrator de bonis non, to prosecute the. suit in her place, the action ceased to be one in-which she was concerned as a "party," either within the meaning of the present statute, or within the rule, in force prior to its adoption, which excluded as a witness, without reference to his interest in the issue, one who was a party to the record. De TMoy v. Johnson, 10 Wheat. 367, 384; Scott v. Lloyd, 12 Pet. 145; Steih v. Bowm-an, 13 Pet. 209; Bridges v. Armour, 5 How. 91, 941. It is of no consequence that she stood upon the record as the original plaintiff who sought judgment against the personal representatives of Snyder. As she ceased before the final trial to be administratrix, and as no judgment could have been rendered in her favor, as administratrix, against the administrators of Snyder, she was competent, under the statute, to testify to any transaction with or statement by him relating to the matters in dispute. Her credibility, in view of all the circumstances, was for the jury. The result would not be different even if it had appeared that she was personally interested in the issue tried. Potter v. .National Bank, 102 U. S. 163, 164.
Judgment affirmed.

OCTOBER TERMT, 1890.
Syllabus.
Northern; and an instruction to the jury to that effect would not have -been improper.
-7we jdgment is Teverseci and the cause remandedfor a new tial in conformity with tkhis o},inion.
MR. JUSTICE BLATCHFORD did not sit in this case or take any part in its decision.
CLARK v. BEVER.
ERRiOR To THE CMUIT COUMT OF THE UNTED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERx DISTRICT OF IOWA.
.No. 116. Argued December 15, 16,1890.-Decided March 2,1891.
In 1872, an Iowa railroad corporation, being indebted to a construction company in the sum of $70,000 which it was unable to pay in money, had a settlement with the latter, whereby the debt was paid in shares of the stock of the railroad company of the par value of $350,000. The stock was taken at 20 cents on the dollar, but was not, at the time, worth anything in the market. Greene, a member of the construction company, received 910 shares as his part. Subsequently, in 1876, the railroad and its appurtenances were sold under a decree foreclosing a mortgage given to secure the bonds of the railroad company. Clark, a holder of bonds issued by the railroad company in 1874, obtained judgment for the amount due him, tipon which execution was issued and returned'in 1880, no property. Greene having died, Clark brought suit against his administrator in one of the circuit courts of Iowa, sitting in probate, to hold his estate liable for the difference between what was paid for .the stock, and its face value, upon the ground that the stock of the corporation' was a trust fund for creditors, and that as between creditors and stockholders, the latter was bound to account for its face value. Upon the petition of Clark, the case was removed to and tried in the Circuit Court of the United States, where a verdict was returned by direction of the court for the defendant. Held, (1) That as the proceeding involved a judicial determination of the liability of Greene's estate for the claim in qluestion, with parties before the court to contest all questions of law and fact, it was a. "suit" within the meaning of the act of Congress providing for the removal of suits from the state courts. It is not competent for a State, by legislative enactment conferring upon its own courts exclusive jurisdiction of proceedings or suits involving the

CLARK v. BEVELR.
Counsel for Plaintiff in Error.
settlement and distribution of the estates of deceased persons, to exclude the jurisdiction in such matters of the courts of the United States, where the constitutional requirement as to citizenship of the parties is met; (2) That the value of the matter in dispute here is the amount of the claim the plaintiff seeks to establish, and that amount being in excess of $5000, without costs; this court has jurisdiction without reference to any inquiry as to what might be ultimately realized from Greene's estate, if the claim be established; (3) That the estate of Greene is not liable for the face value of the stock by reason of the statute of Iowa providing that nothing therein contained " exempts the stockholders- of any corporation from individual liability to the amount of the unpaid instalments on the stock owned by them or transferred by them for the purpose of defrauding creditors, and execution against the company may to that extent be levied upon such private property of any individual." Revision of Iowa, 1860, see. 1172; Code of 1873, sec. 1082; (4) That whether a stockholder in law or in fact, owed to the corporation any sum on the btock held by him, was left by the statute to be determined in each case, upon its own circumstances, and in accordance with the principles of general law touching the rights and liabilities of creditors and stockholders. While the 'capital stock of a corporation, especially its unpaid subscriptions, is a trust fund sub rnodo for the benefit of its general creditors, a. corporation-no statute forbidding- may in good faith sell or dispose of its stock to creditors in discharge of. their debts. The principle reaffirmed that when the interest of the public or of a. stranger is to be affected by any transaction between the stockholders owning a corporation, and the corporation itself, such transaction is subject to rigid scrutiny, and if found to be infected with anything unfair towards such third person, calculated to injure him, or designed intentionally and inequitably to screen the stockholder from loss at the expense of the general creditor, it will be disregarded or annulled so far as it inequitably affects him. Therefore, when the interest of creditors requires, those holding shares in a. corporation, purporting to be, but which are shown not to have been, paid for to the extent of their face value, should be held liable to pay for such shares unless it appears that they acquired the stock under circumstances that did not give creditors. and other stockholders just ground for complaint. The doctrine reaffirmed that tei federal courts, sitting in any State, have equal and cobrdinate jurisdiction with the state court in determining questions of general law, although they will, in cases of doubt, lean to an agreement of views with the state court.
The case is stated in the opinion.
.mr.P. Henry Snyth for plaintiff in error.
VOL. cxxxIx-7

OCTOBER TERM, 1890,
Opinion of the Court.
_1. Charles A. Clark,for defendant in error.
.1R.JUSTICE HARLA_ delivered the opinion of the court.
In the year 1872, the Burlington, Cedar Rapids and Minnesota Railway Company -of which at the .time the intestate George Greene was president, as well as a stockholder, and of which he continued to be president until February, 1875, - had a settlement with the Northwestern Construction Company, of which also Greene was a member, for work done in building a part of its road. This settlement showed*the sum of $70,000 to be due the Construction Compan:?. The railway company, being unable to pay this claim in money, delivered to the Construction Company thirty-five hundred shares of its stock, at twenty cents on the dollar, each share -being for $100, and the same was accepted in full satisfaction of the debt. The stock, which was not worth anything in the market, was issued directly to the members of the Construction Company, the intestate Greene receiving 910 shares as his portion.- No other payment than this twenty per cent was made for or on account of the stock. The good faith of the parties in making this arrangement is not impugned by allegation or proof. The Construction Company was reluctant to take the stock, and insisted upon payment in cash. What the original stockholders paid for their shares does not appear. Nor does the record show whether or not Greene exercised any of the privileges of a stockholder.
Prior to the above settlement a resolution was adopted February 7, 1871, by the executive committee of the railway company to the effect that, in the adjustment or liquidation of claims against the company, the treasurer be authorized to use its stock, if not less than twenty per cent of its par value could be realized for the purpose. At the time the stock was issued to Greene, the financial condition of the company was as follows: The bonded indebtedness of its main line was $5,400,000; its floating debts over $1,000,000; its net earnings in 1871 and 1872 and subsequently were not sufficient to meet the interest on its bonded debts; and in March, 1872,

CLARK v. BEVER.
Opinion of the Court.
when the settlement in question was made, it was without means to pay its floating debt or the interest on its bonded debt, except from net earnings and such money as could be realized from its stock and bonds and by borrowing.
The railway company continued to operate the road until May 19, 1875, on which day, in a suit brought in the United States Circuit Court for the District of Iowa to foreclose mortgages given by it to secure outstanding bonds, a receiver of its property was appointed. At this time the general condition of the company was this: Its bonded debt was $10,400,000, upon which no interest had been paid since November 1, 1873, and its floating debt amounted to $1,250,000, and it had no means with which to pay it. - In the above suit a sale under a decree of foreclosure was made in July, 1876, when the railroad and all its property were purchased and have since been owned by the Burlington, Cedar- Rapids and 1Northern Rail'way Company. After the appointment of the receiver, the Burlington, Cedar Rapids and Minnesota Railway Company ceased to do business or to exercise its franchises as a corporation.
It should be stated, in this connection, that Greene on the 10th of February, 1875, transferred the above 910 shares to John I. Blair, a gentleman of large fortune and financially responsible for the balance, if any, due on that stock. At the instance of the Western managers of the Burlington, Cedar Rapids and Minnesdta Railway Company, Mr. Blair undertook to save it from bankruptcy. But, ascertaining that the company's overissue of bonds was so great and its liabilities so large, that it was necessary to commence foreclosure proceedings.and to make application for the appointment of a receiver, he returned to Greene and others all the stock received by him.
Clark, the plaintiff below, a, citizen of Ohio, being the holder of fifty gold bonds of one thousand dollars each of the Burlington, Cedar Rapids and Minnesota Railway Company, dated June 1, 1874, payable in the year 16i4, and bearing interest at seven per cent per annum - which bonds were part of a series of two thousand, each for one thousand dol-

OCTOBER TERMI, 1890.
Opipion of the Court.
lars, secured by mortgage upon the company's net income, rolling stock and additions, and convertible at the option of the holder into capital stock-brought suit to recover the amount due thereon, and on the 4th of June, 1878, recovered judgment against the railroad company for the sum of $65,517, to bear interest from that date. We infer, though the record contains no distinct statement or proof on the subject, that the bonds became due and payable prior to this suit, on account of default in the payment of interest. Execution was issued upon the judgment and was returned August 10, 1880, no property found.
The present suit was commenced July 5, 1881, by Clark against the administrator of Greene, a citizen of Iowa, in the Circuit Court for Linn County, in that State. The petition, after setting out the foregoing judgment, the return of the execution thereon' unsatisfied, and the ownership of the 910 shares of stock by Greene up to his death, and by his estate since, alleged "that of the value of said shares of stock owned by said decedent there has been paid only the sum of eighteen thousand two hundred dollars, or about twenty per centum of the full value of said stock, and there is still due upon said shares a balance of eighty per centum of their full value, .amounting to the sum of seventy-two thousand and eight hundred dollars; that the said balance due upon said shares was a trust fund in the hands of said decedent for the payment of said judgment and is still a trust fund for that purpose in the hands of decedent's administrator; that the defendant herein is the administrator of the estate of said George Greene, deceased, duly appointed and qualified; that said decedent in his lifetime failed and neglected to pay or cause to be paid the said judgment, or any part thereof, and this defendant has failed and neglected to pay or cause to be paid the same or any part thereof, and the said judgment is still due and wholly unpaid." The prayer of the petition was for a judgment against the defendant as administrator for the whole amount of the plaintiff's claim, with interest and costs, and that it be allowed by the court as a just claim against Greene's estate.

CLARK v. BEVER.
Opinion of the Court.
The case was subsequefitly removed upon the petition of Clark to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Iowa, and thereafter by consent was transferred to the Eastern Division of the Southern District of that State.
The defendant, besides denying each alegation of the plaintiff's claim and petition, pleads, in bar of the action, the sfatute of limitations of Iowa, and, also, a certain settlement and compromise between the plaintiff and the railway company. To this answer a replication was filed by the plaintiff.
After the evidence was concluded the plaintiff asked several instructions based upon the general ground that the stock used in discharging the debt of the Construction Company was a trust fund for the benefit of creditors, and that, without reference to the necessities of the railroad company or the good faith of the transaction, Greene was accountable to the creditors of the latter corporation for the par value of the stock issued to him under the settlement or compromise of 1872, whatever may have been its market value at the time he got it or at the time this action was commenced.
The court below refused to so instruct the jury, and held, as matter of law, that upon the evidence the intestate Greene, by taking the 910 shares of stock upon which the twenty per cent was paid, did not become liable to pay anything further on. account thereof to creditors of the railway company; anid, pursuant to its direction, the jury returned a verdict for the defendant. Clark v; Bever, Adm'i, 31 Fed. Rep. 670.
The questions to be first considered relate to the jurisdiction of the court below and of this court.
This proceeding was commended in one of the Circuit Courts of Iowa, having general original jurisdiction in all civil actions and special proceedings, and, original exclusive jurisdiction, in the respective counties of the State, among other things, "of the settlement of the estates of deceased persons." Of the filing of a claim against the estate of a deceased person, the executor or administrator is entitled to notice, to be served "in the manner required for commencing ordinary proceedings," unless the claim be expressly admitted ii writing with the approbation of the court, and when not so admitted "the

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
dourt may hear and allow the same, or may submit it to a jury." On such hearing, unless otherwise declared, the court is governed by the provisions of law applicable to an ordinary proceeding. When a claim is allowed, it is "placed in the catalogue of established claims, but shall not be a lien." Code of Iowa, 1873, secs. 161, 2312, 2370, 2408,, 2409, 2410,.2411, 2416. No other court of the State, except a Circuit Court, has jurisdiction to allow or disallow a claim against the estate of a deceased person. Tillmau v. Bowman, 68 Iowa, 450; iShropshirev. Long, 68 Iowa, 537. While an order allowing such a claim is not an ordinary judgment ulon which an execution may issue, it is an "adjudication" establishing that claim as one to be paid by the executor or administrator so far as the estate in his hands is sufficient. Foteaux v. Lepage, 6 Iowa, 123; Voorhees v. Eubank, 6 Iowa, 274; Little.v. Sinnett, 7 Iowa, 324; Smitk v. Sawhan, 37 Iowa, 533; Dessaint v. Foster,Adm'r, 72 Iowa, 639, 640. It is suggested that the claim in suit here is a mere incident to the marshalling and distribution of the estate of Greene; that such estate can only be administered and distributed by the state court in accordance with the laws of the State; and that the Circuit Court of the United States was without jurisdiction to d3termine whether it was or not a valid claim against that estate. This position is wholly untenable. As the proceeding involved a judicial determination as to the liability of Greene's estate for the amount of Clark's claim, with parties before the court to contest all the questions of law and fact, it was clearly a "suit," within the meaning'of the act of Congress providing. for the removal of suits to the Circuit Courts of the United States. The removal in this case was, therefore, proper, unless it be competent for a State, by legislative enactment conferring upon its own courts exclusive jurisdiction of all proceedings or suits involving the settlement and distribution of the estates of deceased persons, to exclude the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States even in cases where the constitutional requirement as to 5itizenship is met. But this court has d'cided, upon full consideration, that no such result can be constitutionally effected by state legislation. The case of

CLARIK v. BEVER.
Opinion of the Court.
Bess v. Reynolds, 113 U. S. 73, 77, involved a disputed claim originally filed in a probate court of Michigan, carried by appeal to a Circuit Court of the same State, and subsequently removed to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Michigan. Substantially the same question of jurisdiction was raised in that case that is here presented. This court said: "It may be convenient that all debts to be paid out of the assets of a deceased man's estate, shall be establisried in the court to which the law of the domicil has confided the general administration of these assets. And the courts of the United States will pay respect to this principle, in the execution of the process enforcing their judgments out of these assets, so far as the demands of justice require. But neither the principle of convenience, nor the statutes of a State, can deprive them of jurisdiction to hear and determine a controversy between citizens of different States, when such a controversy is distinctly presented, because the judgment may affect the administration or distribution in another forum of 'the assets of the decedent's estate. The controverted question of debt or no debt is one which, if the representative of the decedent is a citizen of a State different from that of the other party, the party properly situated has a right, given by the Constitution of the United States, to have tried originally, or by removal, in a court of the United States, which cannot be defeated by state statutes enacted for the more convenient settlement of estates of decedents." See also Payne v. Hook, 7 Wall. 425; Boorm Company v. Patterson,98 U. S.403; Ellis v. Davis, 109 U. S.485; Delaware County v. Diebold Safe Co., 133 U. 5. 473, 487; rJoshur County v. 1?ieh, 135 U. S. 467,
477. It is next'contended that, under the statutes of Iowa gov-
erning the settlement of the estates of deceased persons, the plaintiff in error has only an interest in the "fund" arising from Greene's estate; and as it does not appear, affirmatively, that such interest exceeds, or can exceed, in value the sum of five thousand dollars, this court is without jutisdiction and the writ of error should be dismissed. This contention must be overruled. The plaintiff seeks a judgment against the

104:

OCTOBER TERMf, 1890.

Opinion of the Court.

estate of Greene for the sum of $65,523.20, with interest. The defendant disputes the whole of that claim. The sum sued for - the entire claim having been rejected -is the value of the matter in dispute here; and our jurisdiction to determine that dispute cannot depend upon an inquiry as to whether the
estate of Greene, when fully distributed, may or may not yield to the plaintiff, if successful here, something in excess of five thousand dollars. Such an inquiry is as inadmissible, on this writ of error, as it would be if the judgment had established the claim of the plaintiff against Greene's administrator for the full amount, and a writ of error had been prosecuted by him to reverse that judgment. The case is different from .Miller v. Clark, 138 U. S. 223,. decided at the present term, where the appeal was dismissed, because it appeared, affirmatively, that the appellant, who was the plaintiff below, did not claim, and could .not possibly recover, for himseyf, a sum in excess of $5000.
We come now to consider the principal questions in the ease. They relate to the-liability of the defendant for the difference between the face value of the stock issued to Greene in 1872 and the value at which it was rated in the settlement of that year with the Burlington, Cedar Rapids and Minnesota Railway Company. The general proposition advanced by the plaintiff is, that it was not competent for the railway company to issue to Greene and his associates in discharge of its debt to th6m, amounting to $70,000, thirty-five hundred shares of stock of the par value of $350,000, although the settlement upon that basis may have been demanded by the best interests of the company, and was made in good faith without intention to barm the corporation or to defraud its creditors, existing or subsequent, and although the stock at the time "was not worth anything in the market; " and that Greene took the 910 shares issued to him for twenty per cent of its face value, subject to the implied condition that he should be liable for any unpaid debts of the corporation to the extent of the difference between the face value of the stock and the amount at which it was taken by him. It is not contended that such liability arises from the relations Greene held

CLARK v. BEVER.
Opinion of the Court.
to the two companies making the settlement of 1812, but from the obligations the law imposed for the benefit of creditors both upon the corporation issuing the stock and its stockholders. Of course, under this view, every one having claims against the railway company -even laborers and employ~s who could get nothing except stock in payment of their demands, became bound, by accepting stock at its market value in payment, to account to unsatisfied judgment creditors for its full face value, although, at the time it was sought to make them liable, the corporation had ceased to exist, or its stock had remained, as it was when taken, absolutely worthless. Such the plaintiff, in effect, insists is the law of Iowa.
The statutory provisions that are supposed by the plaintiff to sustain his position, which were in force when the stock in question was issued, are found in Title X, chapter 52 of the Revision of the Statutes of Iowa of 1860, relating to the creation of corporations for the transaction of any lawful business, including the establishment of ferries, the construction of canals, railways, bridges or other works of internal improvement. (See. 1150.) Among the powers which such corporations may exercise are "to make contracts, acquire and transfer property, possessing the same powers in such respects as private individuals now enjoy," and "to establish by-laws, and make all rules and regulations deemed expedient for the management of their affairs in accordance with law and not incompatible with an honest purpose." (Sec. 1151.) Articles of incorporation were required to be recorded in the office of the recorder and Secretary of State. (See. 1152.) A notice of the incorporation must be published, containing the name of the corporation and its principal place of transacting business; the general nature of such business; the amount of capital and stock authorized and -the terms and the conditions on which it is to be paid in; the time of the commencement and termination of the corporation; by what officers or persons the affairs of the corporation are to be conducted, and the times at which they will be elected; the highest amount of indebtedness or liability to which the corporation is at any time to subject itself; and whether private property is to be

OCTOBER TERAI, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
exempt from corporate debts. (Sees. 1154, 1155.) A failure to comply with the above and other provisions in relation to organization and publicity, rendered the individual property of all the stockholders liable for the corporate debts, except that stoclkholders in railway companies were made liable only for the amount of stock, held by them in such companies. (Sees. 1166, 1338,) Intentional fraud in failing to comply substantially with the articles of incorporation, or in deceiving the public or individuals in relation to their means or their liabilities, subjected those guilty thereof to flue and imprisonment, or both, at the discretion of the court. (See. 1163.) The practice of fraud in the manner mentioned caused a forfeiture of all the privileges conferred, and the courts could proceed, upon information, to wind up the business of the corporation. (See. 1167.) A copy of the by-laws of the corporation and a statement of the amount of capital stock subscribed, the amount actually paid in, and the amount of the indebtedness in a general way, was required to be kept posted up in the principal places of business, subject to public inspection, such statement to be corrected as often as any material change took place in relation to any part of the subject matter of the statement. (Sees. 1161, 1162.)
The provisions upon which the plaintiff particularly relies are the following:
"SEc. 1169. The transfer of shares is not valid except as between the parties thereto until it is regularly entered on the books of the company so far as to show the name of the persons by and to whom transferred, the number or other designation of the shares, and the date of the transfer; but such transfer shall not in any way exempt the person or persons making such transfer from any liability or liabilities of said corporation which were created prior to such transfer."
"SEC. 1172. Nothing herein contained exempts the stockholders of any corporation from individual liability to the amount of the unpaid instalments on the stock owned by them or transferred by them for the purpose of defrauding creditors, and execution against the company may to that extent be levied upon such private property of any individual.

CLARK v. BEVER.
Opinion of the Court.
"SEC. 1173. In none of the cases contemplated in this chapter can the private property of the stockholders be levied upon for the payment of corporate debts while corporate property can be found with which to satisfy the same, but it will be sufficient proof that no property can be found if an execution has issued on a judgment against the corporation and a demand thereon made of some one of the last acting officers of the body for property on which to levy, and if he neglects to point out any such property.
"SEC. 1174. The defendant in any stage of a cause may point out corporate property subject to levy, and upon his satisfying the court of the existence of such property by affidavit or otherwise the cause may be continued or execution against him stayed until the property can be levied upon and sold, and the court may subsequently render judgment and order execution for any balance which there may be after disposing of the corporate property according to the stage of the cause; but if a demand of property has been made, as-contemplated in the preceding section, the costs of such proceedings shall in any event be paid by the company or by the defendant."
These provisions are substantially preserved in the Iowa
Code of 1873. §§ 1058, 1059, 1062, 1063, 1068, 1071, 1078,
1082, 1083, 1084. The argument in behalf of the plaintiff assumes that, con-
sistently with these statutory provisions, no one can, under any circumstances whatever, become the owner of the stock of an Iowa corporation, except subject to the condition that, where property of the corporation cannot be found, the private property of the stockholder may be seized under execution in favor of a judgment creditor to the extent of the difference between what he actually paid for the stock, whether in money or in property, and its face value. And it is further insisted that, independently of the statute, such is the doctrine of general law relating to subscriptions to the stock of corporations, as announced by this court in several cases. W-e are of opinion that neither of these positions can be maintained.

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
'Opinion of the Court.
The local itatute undoubtedly proceeds up6n the ground that unpaid instalments of stock subscribed constitute -no other rule being prescribed by legislative enactment - a trust fund for the benefit of creditors. But it does not declare that a .corporation is without power, under any circumstances whatever, to dispose of its stock at less than par, or that stock purporting to be full paid shall, in all cases, and without reference to the circumstances under which it was acquired, be deemed unpaid to the extent that the amount given for it by the owner, whether in money or in property, was less than its face value. On the contrary, the statute itself imposes no express restriction upon the disposition by a corporation of its stock except -suchas is imposed upon individuals, and prescribes no rule in respect to the liability of a stockholder to -creditors except that when corporate property cannot be found to pay a judgment creditor, his private property may be seized under the execution to the extent of any unpaid instalments on the stock bwned by him. Whether any such indebtedness really exists upon the part of a particular stockholder, and whether he in law or in fact owes any sum on the stock held by him, was left by the statute to be determined in each case, upon it:s own circumstances, and in accordance with the principles of general law touching the rights and liabilities of creditors and stockholders. If the legislature had intended that the acquisition of stock at less than its face value should be conclusive evidenc6 in every case that the stock, as between creditors and stockholders, is "-unpaid," it would have been easy to so declare, as has been done in some of the States. If such a rule be demanded by considerations of public policy, the remedy is with the legislative department of the government creating the corporation. A rule so explicit and unbending could be enforced without injustice to any one, for all would have notice from the statute of the will of the legislature. It is not for the courts by mere interpretation of a statute, not justified by its language, to accomplish objects that are within the exclusive province of legislation. If, when receiving the 910 shares of stock in payment of his portion of the claim 6f $7p0,000 against.the railroad company, Greene had supposed

CLARK v. BEVER.
Opinion of the Court.
that he would thereby become liable to account to creditors for its full face value without regard to the real value of the stock, and whether the corporation subsequently became bankrupt or not, he certainly would not have taken it. It is equally certain that no such result was conte.mplated by the other party to the settlement. It is also certain that the acceptance by the members of the Construction Company of worthless stock in full discharge of its claim was a benefit to both the existing creditors and the holders of stock of the railroad company not paid in full: to creditors, because it diniinished the number of that class who would be entitled to share in the assets of the company; to stockholders so situated, because it lessened the number of creditors, to whom, in any contingency, they would be liable in their private property for the debts of the corporation. Here was a corporation which, at the time of the settlement of 1872 with Greene and his associates, was unable from its net earnings to pay the interest on its bonded debt. It could not pay even its floating debt without borrowing money or making sale of stock. But its stock could not be sold for money. It had no market value, and the company could not get rid of the debt due for construction except by borrowing money or selling stock. If it had borrowed money and secured its payment by mortgage upon its real property or income, it would thereby have added to the burdens of creditors and original stockholders. So far as the record discloses, it did in good faith what was best for all then concerned in the railroad company, namely, paid off a large claim for construction with worthless stock, those to whom it was issued taking their chances that it might at a future time acquire some value, but with the certainty that if the railroad company became bankrupt and ceased to do business all of its assets would be appropriated by creditors, leaving nothing whatever to stockholders.
Do the decisions of this court require us to hold, in such a case, that -acreditor taking stock in payment of his claim is bound to other creditors for the face value of the stock ? The plaintiff' contends that our decisions are to that effect. Let us see. In Saq/er v. Hoag, 17 Wall. 610, 620, it was held.

OCTOBBR TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
that the capital stock of a corporation, especially its unpaid subscriptions, is a trust fund sub modo for the benefit of its general creditors. And this principle was reaffirmed in Upton, Assignee, v. Tibilcoc, 91 U. S. 45 ; Sanger v. Upton, Assignee; 91 U. S. 56; Webster v. Upton, Assignee, 91 U. S. 65; Pullman v. Upton, 96 U. S. 328; Chubb v. Upton, 95 U. S. 665; Morgan County v. Allen, 103 U. S. 498; Scovill v. Thayer, 105 U. S. 143; llawkins v. Glenn, 131 U. S. 319, 335; afid Richardson v. Green, 133 U. S. 30, 45. There is no dispute here as to the soundness of this general principle. The dispute is as to its application to a case like the present one. We can be aided in solving this inquiry by ascertaining the character of the particular cases in which it has been applied by this court. In Sawyer v. Htoag, a subscription of $5000 to the stock of an insurance company for which the subscriber paid in full, but received in return the check of the corporation for $1250 under an agreement that the debt for the stock should be extinguished, and the amount of the check should be treated simply as a loan of money to the stockholder, was held'to be a mere device to evade the rule that unpaid subscriptions of itock constitute a trust fund for the benefit of the creditors of the corporation; consequently, that the stock there in question was to be regarded, as between the corporation and creditors, to be unpaid to the extent of the amount received back from the corporation under the pretence of a loan. In Upto, Assignee, v. Tibileock, an actual subscriber to the stock of an insurance company upon which he agreed to pay 20 per cent, was held responsible for the balance, and could not escape liability therefor because of representations by the agent, at the time of the subscription, that he would be only responsible for that amount, or by proving a subsequent arrangement with the company cancelling the subscription, and accepting, as in full payment, his note for the 20 per cent agreed to be paid. Sanger v. Upton, Assignee, was another case of the actual subscription of stock upon which the subscriber was held to pay the full sum subscribed. In Webster v. Upton, Assignee, a person holding certificates of stock by transfer from the original subscriber, and standing

CLARK v. BEVER.

111

Opinion of the Court.

upon the books of the corporation as a stockholder, was held liable for the balance due upon the stock, without proof of an "express" promise upon his part to pay. In Chubb v. UPton, the decision was that one receiving a certificate of stock for a certain number of shares, at a given sum per share, thereby became liable to pay the amount thereof when called upon by the corporation or its assignee in bankruptcy; and in Pullman v. Ujpton, that a transferee of stock who caused the transfer to be made to himself as collateral security for a debt of the transferer, was liable for the balance due on such stock. The doctrine of the latter case was approved in Hawkins v.
Glenn. In County of Morgan v. Allen, it was decided that the subscription by a county to the capital stock of a railroad company, together with the bonds given therefor, constituted with other property of the company a trust fund, t6 which all its creditors could rightfully look for satisfaction of their
claims; and that by no device or combination, to which particular creditors were -parties, could it withdraw its bonds from that fund,, and thereby avoid liability to the general creditors of the company. In Scovill v. Tha.yer, it was declared, among other things, that a contract between a corporation and its stockholders, that they should never be called upon to pay any other assessment than that paid at the outset, while good as between the corporation and the stock-holders, was a fraud in law upon creditors, which they could have set aside whenever their rights intervened, and their
claims were unsatisfied. In Richardson v. Green, it was held that the issuing by a corporation of bonus stock was in violation of a statute of the State declaring it to be unlawful to issue certificates of stock until the shares were fully paid, and that one exercising the privileges and powers of a stockholder in a corporation was not exempt from the liabilities attaching to a boncade stockholder who took shares purporting to be, but which in fact were not, fully paid.
This detailed statement of the above cases has been made because of the confident assertion that they rest upon doctrines necessarily requiring the reversal of the judgrment. We do not concur in this view. In all -of these cases, except one,

OCTOBER TERAM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
there was an actual subscription of a given amount. They were cases of promises to pay the company the amount subscribed, not of sales by it. According to those cases, a stockholder, becoming such by formal subscription or by transfer upon the books of the corporation, cannot be discharged to the injury of creditors by any agreement, arrangement or device to which creditors do not give their assent, and by .which the stockholder is to pay less than the amount due upon such stock; this, upon the ground stated in Wester v. Ujptom, Assignee, that "neither the stockholders nor their agents, the directors, can rightfully withhold any portion of the stock from the reach of those who have lawful claims against the company," and that "the stock thus held in trust is the whole stock, not merely that percentage of it which has been called in and paid." The present case presents features that are not-to be found in the others. It is not the case of an ordinary subscription of stock in a given amount. Nor is it, strictly, one of an ordinary purchase of stock for purposes of investment. It is the case of a creditor of an insolvent railroad corporation which, in consequence of its inability to pay creditors in money, was threatened with bankruptcy, and which refused or was unable to pay except in stock\ that was without market value. To say that a public corporation, charged with public duties, may not relieve itself from embarrassment by paying its debt in stock at its real value there being no statute forbidding such a transaction - without subjecting the creditor, surrendering his debt, to the liability attaching to stockholders who have agreed, expressly or impliedly, to pay the face value of stock subscribed by them, is, in effect, to compel them either to suspend operations the moment they become unable to pay their current debts, or to borrow money secured by mortgage upon the corporate property. We do not think the statute of Iowa can be properly construed to capse such a result in respect to corporations organized under its laws.
We must not be understood as modifying in any respect the principles laid down in the cases above cited, nor the salutary rule laid down in Sawyer v. Iloag, that when the interest of

CLARK v. BEVER.
Opinion of the Court.
the public or of strangers is to be affected by any transaction between the stockholders owning the corporation and the corporation itself, "such transaction should be subject to a rigid scrutiny, and if found to be infected with anything unfair toward -such third person calculated to injure him, or designed intentionally and inequitably to screen the stockholder from loss at the expense of the general creditor, it should be disregarded or annulled so far as it may inequitably affect him." These principles were reaffirmed in Richardson v. Green, and should not be relaxed in any case in which they may be applied consistently with justice. So, when the interest of creditors require, those who hold shares of stock in a corporation, purporting to be, but which are shown not to have been, paid for to the. extent of their face value, should be held liable to pay for such shares in full, unless it appears that they acquired the stock under circumstances that did not give creditors and other stockholders just ground for complaint. As said by this court in Peters v. Bcdin, 133 U. S. 670, 691, "unpaid subscriptions to stocks are assets, and have frequently been treated by courts of equity as if impressed with a trust sub tado, in the sense that neither the stockholddrs nor the corporation can misappropriate such subscriptions so far as creditors are concerned." See also Graham v. Railroad Co., 102 U. S. 148, 161; Wabash, St. Louis &c. Railway v. Ham, 114 U. S. 587, 594; Fogg v. Blair, 133 U. S. 534, 541.
The general grounds upon which we have proceeded are supported by N/ew Albany v. Burke, 11 Wall. 96, 103, et seg. In that case, a judgment creditor of an insolvent railroad corporation sought to hold the city of New Albany liable for the balance alleged to be due by it on a subscription to the capital stock of that corporation. Under an ordinance of the city, a subscription of $400,000, payable in city bonds, was made by it to the stock of the corporation, the railroad company agreeing that not more than $250,000 of the bonds should be called for until the road was completed to a certain place. Pursuant to the subscription, the city delivered to the company $200,000 of its bonds, payable to bearer. In consequence of its inability to obtain money on them, the company was unable
VOL. CX X---8

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
to carry on the works, and abandoned the enterprise, after having pledged nearly all of the bonds received by it for money borrowed to prosecute it. Under those circumstances the company proposed to the city that if it would provide means for the payment of the sums borrowed, the bonds so pledged should be returned to the city and cancelled. If the bonds had been sold by the pledgees they would not have brought more than sufficient to pay the sums borrowed. The city accepted the proposition made to it upon the condition to which the railroad company acceded, that the latter would cancel the city's subscription and consent to the repeal of all ordinances relating thereto. The agreement was carried into effect, the city ,paying the sums for which the bonds were pledged, amounting to more than $36,000. All the bonds, except seven that had been sold, were returned to the city and cancelled, as was also the subscription of stock. One of the contentions of the judgment creditor was that this arrangement or compromise was fraudulent in law, because the capital stock of the corporation was a trust fund irrevocably pledged for the benefit of creditors, and that the corporation could not, when insolvent, give away its assets, or release its debtors without payment, or do any other act prejudicial to creditors. This court said: "There was no restriction in the contract upon the power of disposition, and none at law, or in equity, unless it be that the company could not part with the bonds in fraud of its stockholders or its creditors. And it had the right, which all other debtors had at thc time, to make preferences among its creditors - to pay one rather than another. It is not to be disputed that, situated as the company was-at the time when the coz-tract of August and September, 1857, was made, with the debt of $36,000 pressing upon it, and with no other means of relief, it might have sold the entire lot of two hundred and forty-three bonds which it held, or was entitled to call for, at the best price that could have been obtained, and might have applied the entire proceeds, had they been needed, to pay that single debt. Of this, neither the stockholders nor the other creditors could have complained. . . . Time has revealed that the bonds we'e

CLARK v. BEVER.
Opinion of the Court.
worth more than they could have been sold for, but we are to look at .the circumstances as they were when the transaction took place, in considering what was its nature and whether it was legal. . . . Certainly it [the compromise] did not place the company in any worse position than it must have held had it not been made. . . . Besides, as we have seen, the arrangement assailed. by the complainants was not a modification of the subscription previously made, or a bonus given for a release. It was rather a purchase of the city debt. We think it was not beyond the power of the contracting parties." Again, after observing that the arrangement made was binding upon the railroad company, through which, as well as against which, the judgment creditors claimed, the court said: "No doubt the subscribed capital stock of a corporation is a fund held by it in trust for its creditors, as is also all its other property, and had the railroad company released, without equivalent consideration, or given it away, its action would have been fraudulent, and might have been set aside by a court of equity. But certainly it was in the power of the directors to apply the subscription on bonds taken in payment to the extinguishment of debts, and,.if thus applied in good faith, all being obtained for it that it was worth, no one has been wronged. It is, therefore, a question of fact to be determined by the evidence, whether the bonds and the balance of the city's subscription were thus applied. . . . We may add, the evidence is convincing that the contract between the city and the company was made in the utmost good faith, with no intention to wrong the creditors of the latter; that it was at the time considered advantageous to the company, and it is not proved that all was not paid for the bonds issued and to be issued that they could have been sold for in themarket." These principles have not been modified by any decision of this court, and they fully sustain the judgment in this case. And there is some support for the judgment in Gelpoke v. Blake, 19 Iowa, 263, 268, decided in 1865, in which a creditor of a railroad corporation sought to hold a stockholder liable on his subscription, notwithstanding his release by it. The court said: "Again, a release is a contract, and the articles of

OCTOBER ,TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
incorporation give to this company all the powers described in section 674 of the Code of 1851. The sixth clause of that section invests the company with power to make contracts, acquire and transfer property, possessing the same powers in such respects as private individuals now enjoy. There was no lack of power, therefore, in this company, nor'do we think there would have been in the board of directors, to rescind the contract with or without the consent of the stockholders or others, when it was done in good faith, and under the peculiar and equitable circumstances of the case." The clause in the Code of 1851, above 'referred to, was reproduced in the Revision of 1860, § 1151, and in the Code of 1873, § 1059.
It is, however, contended that the judgment cannot be sustained without" disregarding later decisions of the Supreme Court of Iowa, which, it is insisted, rest upon the statute of that State, and are binding upon this court. Reliance is particularly placed by the plaintiff upon eTackson v. Traer, 64 Iowa, 469. All the cases in that learned court to which attention has been called were determined after Greene acquired the stock in question, and all, with one exception, after this litigation was commenced. The recognition in the Iowa stat-. ute of the right of creditors of corporations to look to unpaid instalments of stock subscriptions to obtain satisfaction of their demands did not confer a new right, but is a recognition of a right existing before the statute in virtue of the relations between a corporation and its creditors and stockholders. The new right given to the creditor by the statute is to have: his execution- when corporate property cannot be found, levied upon the private property of the stockholder who is indebted on his subscription of stock; it being declared, out of abundant caution, that nothing in the statute "exempts" stockholders from individual liability to the amount of their unpaid instalments of stock. The decisions of the state court are not, therefore, to be regarded as resting upon the local statute, but only as expressing the views of that tribunal in respect to the same principles of genefal law announced by this court, after the fullest consideration, in the numerous cases to which we have adverted. The leading case in the state court upon this

CLARK v. BEVER.

Opinion of the Court.

subject is Jackson v. Traer, above cited. It involved the lia-

bility of Greene's estate to another judgment creditor of the

railroad company for the difference between the face value of

his stock and the price at which it was received in payment of

his claim. Upon the first hearing in the Supreme Court of the

State, all its members except one held that the stock should

be treated as fully paid. Upon a rehearing, at the October

term, 188- some time after this action was brought and had

been removed into the court below-three of the judges held

that Greene's estate was bound to account to creditors for

eighty per cent of the face value of the stock received by him.

Chief Justice Rothrock and Judge Seevers dissented. The two

cases since Jackson v. Traer- we allude to Boult,-n Carbon

Co. v. .ifills, 78 Iowa, 460, and Tama Water Power Co. v.

-Hopkins,79 Iowa, 653- do not rest upon any ground that is

inconsistent with the views we have expressed. We cannot,

consistently with our deliberate judgment upon this question

of general law, accept the decision in Jaceson v. Traer as

controlling the determination of the present case. Upon ques-

tions of that character the federal courts administering justice

in Iowa have equal and cobrdinate jurisdiction with the courts

of that State, although they will lean "towards an agreement

of views with the state court if the question seems to them

balanced with doubt." Railroad Co. v. 1ockwood, 17 Wall. 357,

367; Burgess v. Seligman, 107 U. S. 20; Pana v. Bowler,

107 U. S. 529; ffougA v. Railway Co., 100 U. S. 213, 226;

Railroad Co. v. .ational Bank, 102 U. S.14, 30, 31; .Myriick

v. -Michigan Central Railroad, 107 U. S. 102, 109; Carroll

County v. Smith, 111 U. S. 556; Bolles v. Brimfield, 120 U. S.

759. The judgment below, in our opinion, is in accordance

with the law as it was adjudged to be when Greene received

the stock in question and surrendered his claim upon the rail-

road company, and with the law as this court has since that

time frequently declared it to be; and our duty is to so declare

in the case before us.

Judgment ajfirmed.

MNR. JUSTICE BRowN, not having been a member of the court when this case was argued, did not participate in its decision.

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.

Syllabus.,,

judgment below, which had passed in favor of the plaintiffs

below, the court discoyered that the writ of error was sued

out and citation directed and served against only one of those

plaintiffs, and that the preliminary appeal bond was made to

him alone. , The supersedeas bofid was, however, executed to

all the plaintiffs, and the subsequent proceedings generally bore

a plural title. The special ciicumnstances of the case were held

to justify the amendment of the, writ of error and the issue of

a new citation.

In .2Jason v. United States, 13CI U. S. 581, the application to

amend being made more than two years after the entry of

judgment, and the omitted parties being in no way in court,

the application was denied and the writ of error dismissed.

Estis v. T'abue, 128 U. S. 225.

We are compelled to hold the objection fatal to our juris-

diction, and the appeals must be

Biarnised.

MELLEN v. BUCKINER.
BUCKNER v. MELLEN.
APPEALS FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA.
Nos. 13, 27. Argued November 25, 26, 1889.-Decided March 23,1891.,
M., a planter of Louisiana, died in 1860, leaving as his heirs, the minor children of his deceased daughter Julia, and the minor grandson of his deceased daughter Ann. At the death of his wife, in 1844, a large portion of the property then in his possession was community property, in which she was entitled t6 a half interest. Before his death he attempted, by sale and donation of specified estates, valued and appraised' by him, to give to his daughter Julia (who was then living) her interest in the community property left by her mother and three-fourths of his own remaining estate; and, in a like way, to give to the grandson of his daughter Ann his like interest in the community property and the remaining one-fourth of his own estate. At his death he left a will with' similar provisions. The parties each entered into possession of the properties thus respectively, assigned to them, occupying in separate parcels,

IELLEN v. BUCKNER.
Syllabus.
without interference from the testamentary executor. But in 1869 the testamentary executor of M. made a simulated sale of all the lands at the instance of one of the parties concerned. A creditor of his estate then filed a bill on behalf of himself and other creditors, to set aside this sale as fraudulent, and to subject the lands to the payment of the testator's debts; and such proceedings were had thereon that this court, at October term, 1883, decided that the sale was fraudulent Jn fact, and that the lands in the hands of the heirs were liable for his debts. .Johnson v. Waters, U11 U. S. 640. The cause having been remanded to the Circuit Court for further proceedings and to afford other creditors an opportunity to become parties, the representatives of the heirs of Julia and of the heirs of Ann respectively presented their claims a.s creditors for their interest in the community-property, and also filed bills in the nature of supplemental or cross bills, setting up that they were not parties to the former decree, averring the validity of the sale declared fraudulent, setting up their claims to the community property, and claiming that they should be allowed for improvements. The creditors' representative answered, that the debts for the community property had been fully paid from rents and revenues, or, if not paid, had, under the laws of Louisiana, become ubordinated to the debts of ordinary creditors. Further evidence was taken in addition to that in the original cause: Held, (1) That the decision in .Iohnson v. Waters was right as to the fraudu-
lent character of the sale made in 1869, and that it be allirmed; (2) That the act of sale and donation to M.'s daughter Julia, mentioned
in Johnson v. Vaters, was void as a donation, but valid as a sale to the extent of the consideration named -therein; to wit, the debt due to her for her share in the community property, and the sum to be paid by her to the other heir; (3) That any debt which may have been due from Al. to either of his heirs on account of the community property, was more than satisfied by their respectively receiving that portion of the property which was intended by him to be a satisfaction of it, and by the rents and revenues received since his death; and that such purtion in ahliuot parts should be held by tlhem free from the other debts of the estate; hut that the remaining portion should be sold to pay said debts; (4) That, being minors at the time they became heirs, they were, under the law of Louisiana, heirs with benefit of inventory, and not personally liable for the debts beyond the amount of the property which was hot received in satisfaction of their own claim upon the community;
(5) That on equitable grounds they should have some allowance'or con-
sideration, beyond the use of the property, for improvements which they had placed upon it, and for restoration of its condition after floods and other devastations; (6) That in view of the couflicting evidence aid the difficulty of arriving at an accurate adjustment of equities this court would direct

OCTOBER TERMN, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
that the respective interests of the heirs be increased as indicated in 'the opinion; (7) That there is nothing in the sections of the Civil Code of Louisiana, referred to in the opinion, which conflicts with these equitable conclusions.
IN EQuITy. 'The case is stated in the opinion.
-Mr. J. Vard Gurley, Jr., and 3lr. John G. Simrall for Mellen. XIr. B. T. Sage was with them on the brief.
.br. Thomas J Semmes for the heirs of Julia MIorgan.
.r. J . .Beckwith for Buckner and othlers.
.r. JoAn T.Ludeling for the creditors.
M .JUSTiCE BRADLEY delivered the opinion of the court.
These cases are supplementary to that of Johnson v. Waters, 111 U. S. 640, decided by this court on appeal from the Circuit Court for the District of Louisiana in October term, 1883. In that case, William Gay, a judgment creditor of Oliver J. iMorgan, deceased, to the amount of $33.250, besides interest, filed a bill on behalf of himself and all other creditors of the deceased who might come in and contribute to the expenses of the suit, to subject five certain plantations in Carroll parish, Louisiana, of which Oliver J. Morgan had died possessed, to the payment of his 'debts, and to set aside as fraudulent and void a pretended judicial sale of sai' plantations -made to certain of the defendants in January, 1869. The plantations were named Albion, Wilton, Melbourne, Westland and Mlorgana, and they lay together, the three former (the most valuable) fronting on the _Mississippi River. Oliver J. Mo had (lied in October, 1860. His wife, Narcissa Deeson, had died in 1S--, and a. large portion of the property was community property in which she was entitled to a half interest, though some of it was acquired after her death. In 185t,ini 'a proceeding for partition of said property in the District Court for the parish of Carroll, instituted by Oliver J. Morgan,,a sale was

AIELLE1 'v. BUCKNER.
Opinion of the Court.
ordered, and the said Oliver became purchaser of the different. tracts contituting the community lands, for the sum of 8362,201.80, one-half of which, after deducting an amount adjudged: to said Oliver for improvements, was due to the heirs of his: said wife, amounting to the sum of $134,991.40. There were. two heirs, namely, Julia, the daughter of Oliver J. Morgamt' and his said wife, who had married, first, one Keene, by whom she had several children, and, secondly, Oliver T. Morgan, by whom she had a daughter; the other heir was Oliver 1H. Kellam, Junior, a grandson of Ann Morgan, deceased, another daughter of said Oliver J. Morgan and his wife who had married one Kellam, by whom she had a son Oliver, (then deceased,) who was the father of said Oliver H. Kellam, Jr: These two heirs, therefore, Julia Morgan, the daughter, and Oliver H. Kellam, Jr., the great grandson, were each entitled to one-half of'the said sum of $134,991.40, making due to each the sum of $67,495.70. In the adjudication of sale by the sheriff it was expressed that Julia Morgan was present and by authority of her then husband, Oliver T. Morgan, requested that the amount due her should be left in the hands of her father; and it was also expressed in the act that the amount. "due to the minor, Oliver HT. Kellam, Jr., was left in the hands of Oliver J. Morgan, his grandfather, to be paid to his tutrix and mother, Airs. Melinda Kellam, when demanded.
Shortly after this sale,' in March, 1858, the said Oliver J. Morgan, by an act of sale and donation, transferred, or attempted to transfer, to his daughter Julia, three-fourths of all his property, comprising the four plantations, Albion, Wilton, Westland and Morgana. The transfer was made subject to Mr. Morgan's own usufruct for life, and Julia and her husband accepted the transfer by joining in the act. The object and intent of the donor was expressed in the act, as follows, to wit:
'CNow, for the purpose of paying to the said Julia Morgan, wife of Oliver T. Morgan, residents of this parish, she appearing and making herself a party to this deed with the authorization of her said husband, the said sum of sixty-seven thousand four hundred and ninety-five dollars and -%7d"ue as aforesaid, and at the same time so to divide the entii'e landed estate of.

92

OCTOBER TERIMt, 1890.

Opinion of the Court.

this appearer, as well that purehased by him at the sale aforesaid as all his other lands, so as to give to the said Julia Mor-
gan, wife of said Oliver T. Morgan, three-fourths of his landed estate, and to the said Oliver Il. Kellam one-fourth, in the event that said Oliver H. Kellam survives this appearer, after paying each of said heirs in lands according to the estimates put upon the portions which may be conveyed to each, this
appearer makes this act of sale and donation unto the said Julia Morgan of the following lands, and for the amounts of the estimated value beyond the extinguishment of the debt aforesaid, to wit ($67,495.70), this act is a donation of the lands hereinafter described unto the said Julia Morgan and her heirs forever:" [then follows a description of the several properties transferred. The act then'proceeds]: "The estimated amount -of the lands hereby conveyed and donated exceeds the amount of the debt due the said Julia Morgan to the amount of two hundred and thifty-six thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight
dollars and .- ($236,758.52). To the extent tbat it exceeds three-fourths of the estimated value of the entire landed estate of this appearer, after the extinguishment of the debt aforesaid, she is to pay over to the minor, Oliver H. Kellam, in the event that he survives this appearer, to wit, the sum of nine thousand five hundred and thirty-[three] dollars and seventytwo cents, it taking this amount to make up one-fourth of the lands, upon the estimate now made, intended for the said
Oliver H. Kellam, jn extinguishment of the debt due him; and beyond this payment of the debt, it being intended that he should have the estimated value of one-fourth of the land of this appearer ;. it being the intention of this appearer that the said Julia 'organ shall have bey6nd the portion that she would inherit as an heir all the portion that this appearer could dispose of, so that his other grandchildren may get ultimately,
as near as may be, a portion equal to that which may fall t6 the said Oliver H. Kellam as a ' forced heir' to this appearer."
Then, after reserving the usufruct of all the lands during
the donor's own life, the act sets forth With particularity the basis upon which the division of the lands was made, and the valuation of the portion allotted to each heir, as follows: -

MELLEN v. BUCKNER.
Opinion of the Court.
"'Whole amount of community lands ......... $362,201 80 Lands acquired since the dissolution of the community ....t....................... 75,760 00

Whole amount of land ..................... $437,961 80

Deduct amount due to heirs arising from sale of community lands on the 18th of January, '58. to each $67.495.70 ...................

134,991 40

Balance divided by four .......... $302,970 40
Portion coming to Oliver H. Kellam ........ $75,742 60 Amount due him as above ................. 67,495 70

Entire interest of Oliver H. Kellam, in estimated value of lands .................... $143,238 30
Three-fourths interest for Julia Morgan ..... $227,227 80 Amount due as above ..................... 67,495 70

Entire interest of Julia Morgan .... $294,723 50
Value of land conveyed in this deed to Julia Morgan ............................... $304,254 22
Deduct entire interest ..................... 294,723 50 Excess to be accounted as before stipulated ..................... $9,530 72"

This estimate of the then value of the lands has never been questioned by any of the parties.
On the 1st of May, 1860, Oliver J. Morgan made his will; and, after bequeathing some personal legacies, as if apprehending that the act of donation to Julia. might not be valid, he disposed of his property in substantially the same manner as he had done in said act. The following disposition was made by the will:
"Fourth, I give and bequeath unto my beloved daughter, Julia Morgan, one-half of all the residue of my estate, it being,

OCTOBER TERM\, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
my intention thereby to give to her all that portion of my estate "th.t I have a right to dispose of over and above the portions going to my forced heirs; and in the event of my said daughter Julia dying before I do, then it is my will and I do hereby bequeath unto her children, Karcissa Keene, Alexander 0. Keene, William .B. Keene, Morgan Keene and Julia H. Morgan, or such of them as may be living at my death, the said one-half of. my entire estate as above, it being my will that my said daughtr shall have, inclusive of her forced heirship, three-fourths of my entire estate, but in the event that should she die before I do, then it is my will and the express intention of this testament that those of her children who may be living at my death shall have the said three-fourths of my estate."
The testator appointed Oliver T. Morgan, his nephew and son-in-law, executor of his will, who proved the same in due course, and in November, 1860, had an inventory of the estate taken, which showed:
Real ,estate................................... $947,153 80 Slaves ....................................... 196,961 00 Other personal property... ................... 38,200 00
Total ................................ $1,182,314 80
The represemitatives and heirs of Oliver J. Morgan went into, or continued in, possession of his property in accordance with his will and the intent he had expressed as to the undisposed portion. The slaves were divided between them. Julia Morgan, his daughter, died before he did, in May, 1860, leaving the children named'in his will, who were then minors. Her husband, Oliver T. Morgan, executor of the will, and also executor of his wife's will, took possession of the four plantations given to her, and then belonging to her children. He managed the property in their interest, being natural tutor of his own daughter, Julia H. Morgan, who was only two years old at her mother's death. Narcissa Keene, the eldest of Julia Morgan's children, and the only one of the Keene children

MELLEN v. BUCKNER.

1?395

Opinion of the Court.
that seems to have survived childhood, says that she was thirteen at her mother's death, (May 1, 1860,) and was married to Matthew F. Johnson, December 27, 1860. Henry Goodrich, nephew of Oliver J. Morgan, and at one time manager of the plantations, says that in 1861 the mansion house at Wilton was occupied by Oliver T. Morgan and Matthew F. Johnson. As stated in our former opinion, "through the management of agents, and in other ways, considerable income was derived from the lands prior to the sale which took place in 1869. The crop of 1860 was over 2500 bales of cotton, which must have produced at least $90,000 after General Morgan's death. The sum of $21,800 was recovered from the government for cotton collected under the superintendence of army officers in 1862 The defendant Buckner, being examined as a witness, states that Montague had charge of and cultivated Melbourne and Wilton in the year 1863, and H. B. Tebbetts had charge of some of the places during 1861 and 1865. In 1866, H. B. Tebbetts rented Wilton and Melbourne. Don't think he took Albion. He was to pay ten dollars per acre rent for all the land that he cultivated. Tebbetts promised Matt. F. Johnson and witness to pay ten dollars per acre for such land as he should cultivate on Melbourne and Wilton in 1866. The most of the land was overflowed on Melbourne in 1866, and witness don't know how much land was cultivated. Wilton was not overflowed in 1866, to his knowledge. Witness states that Tebbetts paid him $3000 for the rent of.Melbourne in 1866. Don't know how much he paid Matt. F. Johnson for Wilton, but that the rent was coming to Matt. F. Johnson from Tebbetts, according to the contract. -,.,Matt. F. Johnson and Samuel L. Chambliss cultivated 'Wilton in 1867, together; that is to say, a portion of the place. Charles Atkins cultivated a small portion of Melbourne in 1868 as witness' agent and manager. Very little was made on the place in 1868. Witness don't remember who cultivated Wilton and Albion in 1868.'"
It thus appears that at no time, after the death of Oliver J. Morgan, except as they may -have, been interrupted by the presence and depredations of troops durihg the war, did his.

.396 A

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.'

Opinion of the Court..

heirs cease to occupy and enjoy his property; but always in separate parcels; Oliver T. Morgan and Matthew F. Johnson, for the heirs of Julia Morgan, occupying the Albion, Wilton and two outlying plantations, and Buckner, for the Kellam heirs, occupying Melbourne. And this condition, of things continued until the receiver in the Gay suit took possession of the property at the end of 1884. Oliver T. Morgan died in August, 1873, and from that time, or before, Matthew F. Johnson seems to have acted as the head of that branch of the family in behalf of his wife and as tutor of her sister, Julia H. Morgan. Henry Goodrich, nephew of Oliver J. Morgan, .says that he took charge, as manager, of Wilton and Albion plantations "in behalf of the heirs" in December, 1868, and continued in charge until about April, 1873, when he was succeeded by C. M. Tilford in behalf of the same parties. Tilford says that he became manager and agent of Wilton and Albion plantations for Matthew F. Johnson in February, 1873; that the contracts made by him with the laborers were in the name of "Matthew F. Johnson, tutor for the minor children of Julia Morgan;" and that he continued agent for 1873, 1874 and 1875, when he was succeeded by J. W. Erwin. Erwin
states that he came to take charge of the Wilton and Albion plantations in behalf of "Matthew F. Johnson, and the heirs of Julia Morgan," and had continued in charge until the time of giving his testimony. These witnesses were examined in March, "1878; and it is clear that if the character of executor or dative executor was ever assumed by Oliver T. Morgan, or Matthew F. Johnson, it was a mere matter of form, and that they really possessed and managed the property for the heirs. The will was substantially and in effect carried out in this respect.
As to the interest of the other heir, Oliver H. Kellam, Jr., that was managed by his mother, Melinda Kellam, as his natural tfitrix, and her second husband, John A. Buckner, whom she married in April, 1859. They continued in possession of the Melbourne plantation, one of the most valuable in the lot, representing the heir, just as Oliver J. Morgan had intended they should do. There is no doubt that (with the

MELLEE v. BUCKNER.
Opinion of the Court.
$9530.72 payable by Julia) the value of that plantation, at that time, was abundantly equal to the amount due to Oliver H. IKellam, Jr., ($67,495.70;) and, in addition thereto, equal to the one-fourth part of Oliver J. Morgan's proper estate of which said Kellam was forced heir. It was so estimated by Mr. Morgan himself, and, as the subsequent inventory showed, the estimate was a low one; and the parties interested acquiesced in it.
As things then stood, therefore, the estate was liable and subject, in the hands of the heirs and executor, to the debts of Oliver J. Morgan, except such portions thereof as were received by the heirs in payment of the debts due to them on account of his wife's interest in the community property. The portion so received by Julia Morgan's heirs was valued at $67,495.70, due to her, and $9530.72, to be paid by her to Oliver H. Kellam, Jr., in all $77,026.42 out of the $304,254-.22 worth of lands allotted to her, or 25Nu per cent of those lands. The portion so received by Oliver H. Kellam, Jr., or those acting for him, was valued at $67,495.70 due to him, less the sum of $9530.72 to be received from Julia's heirs; which would leave $57,964.98 out of $133,707.58,1 the valuation placed on the Melbourne plantation; or 43-%- per cent of that plantafion. These portions of the lands. respectively received by the heirs by way of payment were justly free from the claims of Oliver J. Morgan's creditors, supposing them not to have been personally liable, (being minors,) by reason of the portions received by them respectively as heirs or legatees. This was substantially the view which we entertained, though not fully expressed, in the case of Johnson v. TFaters.
We held in that case that the act of sale and donation made by Oliver J. MQrgan to his daughter Julia in March, 1858, was void as a donation; and that if it could be held good as a sale it could only be for the part which went to pay her the amount due from her mother's estate, together with the amount she was directed to pay to Oliver H. Kellam, Jr.; but whether good as a sale in part we did not then decide, though inclined
I This sum is obtained thus: $143,238.30 less $9530.72= $133,707.58.

OCTOBER TER M, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
to think that it was. The court below seems to be of opinion that it was not. But we have seen nothing to change the impression which we then had; especially as the donor expressly declared in the act itself that he intended it as a-sale in part and a donation in part; a sale to the extent of the amount due his said daughter, and a donation as to the residue. This view makes still stronger the position that the part which was received by way of sale was free from the debts of Oliver J. Morgan. We have given carefal attention to the argument made on behalf of the heirs of Julia Morgan in favor of the validity of the donation, but adhere to our former view on -that subject. It is unnecessary to go over the subject again. Counsel is mistaken in supposing that any importance was. attached to the designation of the consideration of that act as a "charge." In that regard we only held that, even if it was acharge, it was not sufficient in amount to make the donation an onerous one.
That Julia Morgan and her heirs were concluded by the dispositions made by her father seems clear*; for she and her husband joined in the act of donation and sale, and the will did not change the destination of the estate. It is contended, hbowever,. that Oliver H. Kellam, Jr., being then an infant, and not represented in the judicial proceedings taken, or in the acts executed by Oliver J. Morgan, was not bound thereby. Even if that were so, we do not see that the position of things would be substantially changed. The fact was that Mr. Morgan's arrangements had long been in contemplation and bad been partially carried out before his death. He had put the - Kellams in possession of the Melbourne plantation several years before, and intended that plantation as going to make up their share of the whole estate; and his daughter Julia and her family lived with himself, and her husband had special charge and possession of Westland, (if not of Miforgana,) and came into possession of all except Melbourne on Mr. Morgan's death. After that; both parties continued in possession in accordance with the disposition made by him. 'Each heir had the portion intended for him or her, and if the debt which he formally incurred to them for his wife's community property

MELLEN v. BUCKNER.
Opinion of the Court.
was not technically paid, nevertheless they received that identical property in specie in the shape of the lands which were allotted to them.- The proceedings instituted by Mr. Morgan for obtaining his wife's interest in the community property were more of a transaction on paper than a real one, and produced no change in, the devolution of the estate. The heirs obtained all that they would have been entitled to in any event; and whether they received the portion coming from their ancestor, Karcissa Deeson, by way of inheritance from her, or by way of payment for that inheritance, it all came to the same thing in an equitable point of view. In either case they were entitled to hold it free from the debts of Oliver J. Morgan, and had no claim as creditors against his other property. The attempt now to set up those debts, or' either of them, for the purpose of defeating the just claims of the real creditors is clearly inequitable. This was our view in the former case, and it is not. changed by anything that has been shown in the cases now under consideration.
The bill in the case of JoAnson v. ators was specially directed to set aside as fraudulent and void a pretended sale of all the lands of Oliver J. Morgan, made in January, 1869. John A. Buckner, one of the plaintiffs in the present case, had applied to the parish court of Carroll parish for a sale of all of said lands to pay the debts of the estate, and particularly the pretended debt of $67,495.7O, due to his daughter Mollie Buckner as heir of Oliver H. Kellam, Jr., alleging that it was a judgment debt, and had a preference over other claims; and Oliver T. Morgan, As executor, intervened in the petition in aid thereof. An order of sale was accordingly made, a sale followed, and John A. Buckner became the purchaser of the Melbourne, Wilton and Albion plantations, at three dollars per acre; and the other two plantations were sold for the same price, one to J. W. Montgomery, one of the lawyers in the case, and the other to F. M. Goodrich, another of the lawyers therein. The fa6ts with regard to this transaction are fully stated in the opinion in Johnson v. TWater., 111 U. S. 655, 669. Suffice it to say, that we were satisfied from the evidence that the sale and all the proceedings that resulted in the sale were

OCTOBER TERMf, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
fraudulent in fact, and conceived and carried out for the sole purpose of defrauding the real creditors of Oliver J. Morgan, deceased, and of getting in the title for the benefit of the heirs without paying any of the debts. We accordingly concurred with the Circuit Court in setting aside the said sale as fraudulent and void for fraud in fact; and not on the ground, as, in the bill of complaint in one of the present cases, is ingeniously, if not ingenuously, surmised, that the fraud consisted in Buckner's pretending to be, as tutor of his daughter, a creditor of the succession of Oliver J. Morgan for the sum of $67,495.70 with preference; though the setting up of that debt in the manner in which it was done was one of the means employed for carrying out said fraud. The evidence on this subject is quite fully set forth in the opinion in ohnson v. Taters, and need not be further adverted to. It is all introduced in the present cases by stipulation, and we find nothing in the evidence taken in these cases to alter our opinion. It is unnecessary to notice the pretended judgment of Buckner, as tutor of Oliver H. Kellam, Jr., against the estate of the latter, as it can haie no effect on the rights of the parties in these suits, being, in any event, subordinate to the claims of Oliver J. Morgan 's creditors. The assertion in the brief of counsel that said judgment was the debt sought to be recovered by the probate proceedings and sale in 1868-9 is contradicted by Buckner himself in his bill filed in these cases.
Our conclusion and decree then were: 1s;. That the debt of Gay, the complainant, as represented by his administrator, Waters, (now by Mellen, administrator de bonis non,) be established and confirmed. 2d. That the sales complained of, made in January, 1869, be declared null and void, as against the estate of Gay and the other creditors of Oliver J. Morgan, deceased; and that it be referred to a master to take and state an account of the assets belonging to said Morgan's estate in the hands of the dative testamentary executor, Matthew F. Johnson, one of the defendants; and to give notice to creditors to come in and prove their debts. 3d. That if other assets were not sufficient to pay such

MELLEN v. BUCKNER.
Opinion of the Court.
debts, the master should sell so much of 'the said lands as might be necessary to pay them; dividing the proceeds _ro rata if not sufficient to pay all the creditors whose debts should be established, after paying all the complainants' costs.
4th. That the master might apply for instructions, especially as to whether the succession of Julia Morgan was entitled to any portion of the proceeds arising from the sale of the lands, by virtue of said act of donation and sale made to her by Oliver J. Morgan in 1858. so far as said act was a sale and not a donation.
The cause was remanded to the Circuit Court, a reference was ordered according to the decree, and the matter was opened before the master. On this reference the heirs of Julia Morgan and Buckner as representative of the Kellam interest presented each their claim for $67,495.70, and interest, as a debt against the estate of Oliver J. Morgan, deceased, as if the reference included them and was intended for their benefit, as creditors of his estate. But said claim was presented with reservation of rights to be set forth in the bills now before us, which they proposed to file.
Thereupon they filed the bills in the two cases now here on appeal.
One of thebills is filed by John A. Buckner for himself and as tutor of his minor child, Etheline Buckner, in the nature of a cross-bill against Stephenson Waters, (for wxhom Delos C Mellen has been substituted,) administrator, etc., of William Gay, deceased; and is in fact, as it is styled, a bill in the nature of a cross-bill to the said suit of Gay referred to as Johnson.v. Maters. By a strange fatality in the course of events, Buckner and his daughter, the present representatives of Ann Kellam, (n~e Morgan,) and of her grandson, Oliver H. Kellam, Jr., have not a particle of -Morgan or Kellam blood. Oliver H. Kellam, Jr., the last of that line, died. young, leaving as his heirs his mother, Melinda Kellam, and his half brother and sister, children of his mother by John A. Buckner. The mother and brother dying, the sistef Louise (or Mollie) and her father Buckner became the heirs. Louise dying, left her father, Buckner, and her half sister by a second.wife of Buck
voL.. cxxxix-26

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
ner, her heirs. So that the succession of the Morgan-Kellam line has dome to be represented by entire strangers.
The other bill is filed by Narcissa iKeene, wife of Matthew F. Johnson, and' Julia H. Morgan, wife of George G. Johnson, their husbands joining for the sake of conformity. It is filed as an original bill in the nature of a supplemental bill and cross-bill, against Stephenson Waters, (for whom Delos C. Mellen has been substituted,) administrator, etc., of William Gay, deceased. Karcissa K. Johnson is the only survivor of the K{eene children of Julia Morgan, and Julia H. Johnson is the daughter of Julia Morgan by her second husband, Oliver T. M organ.
The frame of the two bills is substantially the same. They first assert that the complainants, in their character of heirs and -representatives of Ann Kellam and Julia Morgan respectively, were not parties to the suit of foknson v. Waters, and are not bound by the decree therein. This averment is in a.measure true. That suit was brought against Oliver T. Morgan, the executor of Oliver J. Morgan, (who made the fraudulent sale complained of,) and John A. Buckner, J. West Montgomery, and Ferdinand M. Goodrich, the purchasers at that sale. Whilst this is so, it is also true that the real controversy in the whole case was stoutly litigated. Buckner, one of the present complainants, was the principal and most interested defendant; and Oliver T. Morgan was the executor both of Oliver J. Morgan and his own wife, Julia Morgan. The bills then go on -to give the history of the estate of Oliver J. Morgan, and Nancy Deeson's community interest, the sale of that interest to 'Morgan, the act of donation and srle to Julia Morgan, etc., referring to the printed record in Jonson v. Waters for the copy of the act. Buckner, in his bill, claims that the Melbourne plantation, when given to the Kellams, was uncleared and unimproved, and the ancestor of Oliver HT. Kellam, Jr., cleared and improved it, and the Kellams always treated it as their own property, with the assent of Oliver J. Morgan. He refers to the proceedings in the larish court in 1868-9, and the sale in January, 1869, as prosecuted in good faith, and free from any :fraudulent intent; but he admits that this court set aside the

MELLEN -v. BUCKNER.
Opinion of the Court.
said sale as fraudulent, and avers (though untruly) that the court declared that the fraud consisted in ]3uckner's pretending to be (as tutor) a creditor of the succession of 0. J. Morgan for '$67,495.70, with preference, when, in reality and in equity, there was no such thing as a debt due from him to his grandson, because the giving and setting apart of Melboui'ne plantation to the Kellams was intended to be in satisfaction of their rights in the succession of Narcissa Deeson, and in point of fact the succession of 0. J. Morgan owed no debt to Oliver H. Kellam, Jr. Adopting this version of the decree of this court, lBuckner says that he is well satisfied to accept said plantation on that basis, and abandon all claim as creditor of 0. J. Morgan, and offers to do so on the rendition of a decree recognizing him and his child, Etheline, as owners of said plantation, and prays for such a decree. Otherwise be claims one-half of the community property in conjunction with Julia Morgan's heirs. He mentions having presented his claim for $67,495.70 before the master, with a reservation; and submits his rights to the court.
He alleges that such are the complications of the rights of the heirs in consequence of the action of Oliver J. Morgan, and his representatives, and the creditors, that the aid of the court is necessary to adjust the rights of all the parties, and hence he files his bill for its direction in the premises and for the protection of his rights and those of his child, Etheline.
The bill of Narcissa K. Johnson and Julia H. Johnson is similar to that of Buckner, and prays similar relief.
The defendant Waters, administrator of Gay, filed answers to these bills, in which he takes the ground that the plantations in question became the sole property of Oliver J. Morgan. by virtue of his purchase of the same in 1858, at the sale of the community property; but that the debt incurred for such purchase has been fully paid to the heirs by their reception and enjoyment of the revenues and profits of the lands; that they went into possession of said lands as heirs of Oliver J. Morgan without benefit of inventory, and thus became personally liable for all his debts; and that if the debts due to them have not been fully.paid, they have at least become subordinate and

OCTOBER TER- ,1890.
Opinion of the Court.
inferior to the debt due to the defendant, and have also become prescribed by lapse of time; and they plead the prescription of three, five and ten years.
On the 5th of March, 1885, the solicitors of the respective parties entered into a written agreement that the two causes should be consolidated and tried together, and considered as if the complainants in .each had been made defendants in the other, and that Matthew F. Johnson, in his capacity of dative testamentary executor of Oliver J. Morgan, should appear and become a party; and that the bill in each case should be treated as an answer in the other case. Johnson appeared accordingly as dative testamentary executor, and filed a paper admitting the facts set forth in the bills of complaint.-
In July, 1885, the following stipulation, agreed to by the solicitors of the parties, was entered into in the consolidated case:
"The parties, by their solicitors, for the purpose of avoiding delay and expense, and of bringing these causes to a speedy trial, stipulate as follows:
"1st. The answers fied in these causes, before consolidation, shall be taken and considered as the answers to the consolidated causes, and apply to new parties introduced since they were filed as well as to those then parties.
"2d. The causes shall be considered at issue as if replications had been filed, and no further replications than the provisions of this agreement shall be necessary.
"3d. A copy of the record in cause 6612, referred to in the pleadings in these causes, and numbered 291 on the docket of the Supreme Court of the United States, as the same was printed for use in the Supreme Court of the United States, shall be filed in evidence." [This is the record in Johnon v. Waters.] "All documents copied therein shall be taken and considered as if they were separately authenticated by the proper officer and without other evidence of their authenticity than the fact that they are found in said printed record.
"It is not intended by this agreement lo waive any legal objection to the introduction in evidence of any document or de,positions printed in said record which might or could be

MELLEN v. BUCKNER.
Opinion of the Court.
made to the original depositions if produced and offered, objections as to form being waived.
"1th. The judgment and decree of the Supreme Court of the United States in said cause 6612, (297 of that court,) as the same is printed -in Vol. 111 of the printed reports, may be used in evidence without further proof or the production of a certified copy thereof; but this agreement, in this respect, is intended to waive form only and not any objection to the admissibility in evidence of said decree on other grounds, nor to its effect when introduced in evidence."
The parties thereupon took further evidence. A certificate of the clerk of the District Court for the parish of Carroll, custodian of its probate and succession records, showed that Oliver T. Morgan, executor of the succession of Oliver J. Morgan, never filed or rendered any account of his administration of said succession, except one purporting to be a final account, filed 8th February, 1870; and as executor of Julia Morgan, never filed or rendered'any account whatever; and that Matthew F. Johnson, dative testamentary executor of the succession of Oliver J. Morgan, never filed or rendered any account, or any bond. The final account of Oliver T. Morgan, referred to by the clerk, was a mere perfunctory one, exhibiting an exact balance of receipts and disbursements; the receipts consisting of the bids for the property at the fraudulent sale of January, 1869, and the disbursements, consisting of credits on the pretended claims of the bidders, Buckner and the lawyers and certain creditors whom they professed to represent. The truth is, as before intimated, that there never was any bona fide administration of the estate; but each of the two sets of heirs, or their tutors for them, took and kept possession of the respective portions of the real property intended for them by Oliver J.Morgan, and divided between themselves and took possession of the slaves and other property of the estate. The comllainants, Karcissa K. Johnson and Julia H. Johnson, testifying as witnesses in the case, allege that they never received anything from the estate. But this is hardly consistent with the fact that Oliver T. Morgan, the father of one of them, and step-father of the other, lived with them on the

OCTOBER TERAE, 1890.

Opinion of the Court.

property, and on his death Matthew F. Johnson, the husband

of 1{arcissa, was appointed dative testamentary executor, and

in that nominal capacity had control of all the property not

occupied by Buckner or by the lawyers who bid off the West-

land and Morgana plantations, udtil the said Julia married,

when she and her husband, George G. Johnson, were put into

possession of a portion of it. They have lived on the property

as their own, and have received and enjoyed Whatever it was

capable of yielding. This is shown by the testimony of Good-

rich, Tilford and Erwin, before referred to, and there is much

more evidence in the case to the same purport.

The same thing is true with regard to the occupation of

-Melbourne by the Kellam branch of the family, namely, by

Oliver H. Kellam, Jr., with his mother and natural tutrix, and

by John A. Buckner and his children. The only pretension of

their being unpaid creditors of the succession was made as a

part of that fraudulent scheme which resulted in the sale of

January, 1869, which we have already decreed to be void, and

with regard to which we still hold the same opinion.

- The testimony of John A. Buckner himself, taken in the

original cause, substantially corroborates this view of the' case.

In addition to what has already been quoted from his exami-

nation, he then said:

"Witness says that he has never had corporeal possession of

Wilton or Albion plantations. Since the war Matt. F. John-

son has had the actual control and management of Wilton and

Albion plantations, as he, witness, supposed, in interest of his

wife, one of the heirs, and the other heirs of Julia Morgan.

Matt. F. Johnson and the heirs of Julia Morgan have never

set up anyadverse claim to witness in regard to Melbourne

plantation.

I

"They have confined their pretensions to Wilton and

Albion, and have had the control of said plantations ever

since the war, though Oliver T. Morgan, as executor, has exer-

cised some authority over the property. . .

"Matt. F.. Johnson, in behalf, as witness supposes, of the

heirs of Julia Morgan, has exercised full control over the prop-

erty and leased and controlled the property and exercised the

MELLEN v. BUCKNER.

407"

Opinion of the Court.

rights of ownership over the same ever since the war, except. that Oliver T.,Morgan, executor, exercised authority several. years after the war.
"Witness says that the heirs of Julia Morgan have always: claimed a greater share of the property than they considered. him entitled to, as representing one of the heirships. There. were two heirships to Judge Morgan's estate. One witness represents, and the other the heirs of Julia Morgan represent.
'The following quest'on is propounded by counsel for complainant :-In the distribution of the property among the heirs of Oliver X. Morgan, wherein the heirs of Julia Morgan took Wilton and Albion and restricted witness, representing another heirship, to Melbourne, why did the heirs require such an unequal division? Was it or not on account of the extraordinary pretensions they set up as heirs of Julia Morgan, or why was it?
"Witness says it was because they claimed three-fourths- of the estate. He does not know upon what their claim is based. Witness refers counsel to the records; says that there has been no final division between the heirs. The heirs of Julic& .AMorgar have held possession of the land they had before the war, and witness has held possession of the land he had before
the war. Witness does not hold the property in common; there is only a temporary division.
"Witness has held possession of Melbourne ever since the war, and the heirs of Julia Morgan have held possession of Wilton and Albion, except that the heirs recognized Oliver T.
forgan as executor, but he did not require of them any account of the rents and revenues.
"Witness says that his understanding was at the time of the
sale, in January, 1869, when he bought in the property for the heirs, that they were to receive their proportion of the land purchased in witness' name, and he was to retainhis proportion.
"They were (the heirs of Julia Morgan) to take three-fourths of the land and witness one-fourth, and this understanding was had as to the exact amount in the division after the sale. There was no conversation or agreement with the heirs, or any other parties, as to how the division should be made."

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
Buckner was re~xaminea in the present cases, and states still more explicitly the fact that the Melbourne plantation was possessed and operated by him in the interest of the Kellam heirs, including his own children. He says:
"I married Mrs. Melinda Kellam, April 7th, 1859. Her son, Oliver H. Kellam, died in September, 1863. He was seven years old at the time of his death. My wife, Mrs. Melinda Kellam, died in September,- 1863. My son John died one week afterwards. He was three years old at the time of his death. My daughter Louisa (called Mollie) died in March, 1883, and was 21 years and 6 months old at the time of her death.
"Melbourne plantation was first set apart and given by Oliver J. Morgan to the ancestor of his great grandson, Oliver H. Kellam, (the son of my first wife,) in 1$53.
"The Kellams cultivated it as their own; had their own merchant, raised their own money with which to improve and plant the place; and were never called to account for rents or revenues, and never did so account for them, either to Judge Morgan or to any one else.
"It was in the possession of my wife, Mrs. Melinda Kellam, as natural tutrix, and myself, as cotutor--to the minor, Oliver H. Kellam, at the time of the death of Oliver J. Morgan. The said plantation remained in the continuous possession of the Kellams or their representatives from the time it was originally given or set apart to them by Oliver J. Morgan until dispossessed by the receiver appointed by the court in suit No. 6612."
This was on his cross-examination. On his direct examination he had said:
"Oliver J. Morgan died in the spring of 1860. Upon his death the Melbourne plantation was claimed by and was in the possession.of (as it had been for many years before) the Kellam heir. The other places were claimed by the heirs of Julia Morgan, but the executor took possession or control, and exercised authority over all but Melbourne. There was a change in 1869; after the succession sale took place Morgana was controlled by F. M. Goodrich, until he transferred it to

MELLEN v. BUCKWER.

409

Opinion of the Court.

Samuel Boyd, of New Orleans, who had possession until 1st January, 1885.
"Westland after 1869 went under the control of some of the creditors of 0. J. Morgan, and remained so until 1st Jan., 1885, and Col. Matt. Johnson controlled Wilton and Albion until about 1879, when Mr. Geo. Johnson took control of the lower part of Wilton and Albion.
"How much was controlled by the latter I do not know, and these two places r-mained under their control until- 1st Jan., 1885.
"As to .Ielbourne, it has never passed out of the r'epresentative of the .Yellam interest."
The pretence that the Melbourne plantation was intended
as a pure gift by Oliver J. Morgan to the Kellam family cannot be seriously maintained in view of the express declarations and provisions to the contrary made by Mr. Morgan in his lifetime; and is contradicted by the conduct of Buckner himself, in procuring Melbourne to be sold as part of the property of Oliver J. Morgan, at the sale of January, 1869, and becoming the purchaser himself, and filing a petition for homologation in which he expressly declares that it belonged to the estate of Oliver J. Morgan, deceased.
In addition to the evidence taken in the former case, iurtlher evidence has been taken in the present cases, as to the rental value of the property from the time of Oliver J. Morgan's death, and the value of the fruits and revenues which have been derived from it; and in this connection the complainants have adduced evidence to show that they have been at large expenses for repairs and for restoration of the lands after floods. We have carefully examined the evidence on these points, both that which, has been adduced in the present suits and that which was taken in the case of Johnson v. Waters, and, without attempting to give an abstract of it, we shall onlv state our conclusion, which is substantially the same as that at which we arrived in that case, namely, that any debt which may have been due from Oliver J. Morgan to his heirs was more than satisfied by their receiving that portion of the property which was intended by him as a satisfaction, and by the.

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
rents and revenues received since his death. Though heirs with benefit of inventory, (being for the most part minors at the time of their becoming such,) they were nevertheless chargeable, as against any claims of their own, for what the estate was worth when the succession commenced; and that far exceeded the amount of s~ch claims. Changeurv. Gravuer, 4 Martin, N. S. 68.
We think, however, that it would be proper, not as a matter of strict right, but on equitable grounds, that they should have some allowance or consideration, beyond the use of the property, for improvements which they have placed upon it, and for restoration of its condition after floods and other devastations. But, in view of the conflicting evidence as to the annual value of the lands, since Oliver J. Morgan's death, and the great lapse of time that has occurred, it would be difficult, if not impossible, to arrive at any precise and accurate adjustment of the equities arising out of all the complications of the case; and the creditors might well say that their claims should have been satisfied when the estate was abundantly able 'to pay them, and before the restorations were necessary. The best that can be done, with a view to the interest of all the parties, and the termination of a vexatious litigation, is to make such award and decree as, on the whole, seems most equitable and just. With this view, we see no better disposition to be made than to increase somewhat the percentage of interest in'the lands to be reserved to the complainants, and to order a division of the lands to be made, if they shall so desire. This will enable each party to obtain and secure his, or their,. own rights without sacrificing those of the others. To allow the complainants to go before the master in the Gay suit, and prove their antiquated claims, principal and interest, would enable them to sweep away nearly all the property, and leave the creditors nothing. This certainly would be most inequitable. Whilst to allow the creditors to sell the whole property in order to raise the amount of their debts would be equally inequitable, for it would leave nothing for the heirs, who have a meritorious claim arising from the interest of their ancestor, Karcissa Deeson. We think it is admissible ,and,

MELLEN v. BUCKNER.
Opinion of the Court.
under all the circumstances of the case, would be just, to increase the interest to be reserved to the heirs of Julia Morgan in the four plantations allotted to them, from 25 u per cent to forty per cent or two-fifths, and to increase the interest to be reserved to the heirs of Oliver H. Kellam, Jr., in the Melbourne plantation from 43 -- per cent to fifty per cent, or one-half. And in setting off to them their separate portions respectively as thus defined, if they shall desire the same to be so set off, any permanent buildings which they may have erected on said portions should not be added to the value of the lands thus assigned to them, in making the division between them and the creditors. The remainder of the lands should be sold for the benefit of Gay's administrator and the other creditors who shall have established their claims before the master in the original suit, not including the complainants. If the heirs should not desire to have their portions set off separately, then the whole property is to be sold, and they are to receive their proportional share of the proceeds, but no allowance for buildings. If any moneys remain in the hands of the receiver beyond the expenses incurred by him and his proper compensation, they should be divided between the creditors and heirs in the proportions above stated; and the portion due to the heirs should be applied, as far as requisite, to the payment of the costs awarded against them.
We have thus far expressed our views of the equities and legal aspects of the case without referring to particular laws or decisions. But, it is proper to add, that, besides other portions of the Civil Code of Louisiana., the following articles have been constantly borne in mind:
Art. 254. "If a mother who is tutrix to her children, wishes to marry again, she must, previous to the celebration of the marriage, apply to the judge in order to have a meeting of the family called for the purpose of deciding whether she shall remain tutrix." . .
Art. 255. "When the family meeting shall retain the mother in the tutorship, her second husband becomes of necessity the cotutor, who, for the administration of the property, subsequently to his marriage', becomes bound in solido with his wife."

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
We assume that the due formalities were observed with regard to the tutorship of the minor heirs who from time to time became interested in the property of Oliver J. Morgan. This presumption is the most favorable to the parties, and should be made unless the contrary appears.
Art. 352. "It shall not be necessary for minor heirs to make any formal acceptance of a succession that may fall to them, but .such acceptance shall be considered as made for them with benefit of inventory by operation of law, and shall in all respects have the force and effect of, formal acceptance."
Art. 1032. "The benefit of inventory is the privilege which the heir obtains of being liable for the charges and debts of the succession only to the value of the effects of the succession, by causing an inventory of those effects to be made within the time and in the manner hereinafter prescribed."
The heir with benefit of inventory is bound only to the amount the estate was worth at his ancestor's death. Of course he is bound to that extent. Changeur v.. Gravier 4 M artin N. S. 68.
Art. 1054. "The effect of the benefit of inventory is that it gives the heir the advantage:
"1. Of being discharged from the debts of the succession by abandoning all the assets of the succession to the creditors and legatees.
"2. Of not confounding his own effects with those of the succession, and of preserving against it the right of claiming the debts due from it."
In the present case the heirs did not abandon the assets of the succession, to the creditors, and the debts due to them from the estate were satisfied in the manner hereinbefore stated. The portion of the property received in satisfaction we propose shall be set off to them in severalty, if they shall desire it, so that it may not be confounded with the residue.
Art. 1058. ".But if the heir declares that he is not willing to accept the succession otherwise than with the benefit of an inventory, the person appointed administrator of th. estate, whether it was the heir himself or any other individual, shall proceed to the sale of the property of the succession and to

MELLEN _v. BUCKNER.
Opinion of the Court.
the settlement of its affairs, as prescribed in the following articles: The beneficiary heir shall, at the time of such settlement, have a right to be paid, as any other creditor, all debts due him by the deceased, and shall, moreover, be entitled to the balance of the proceeds of the sale of the estate, if any such balance be left after the payment of all the debts and charges of the succession."
As the debts due to the heirs in the present case were satisfled and paid by the property received for that purposel this article has no special bearing upon the result.
The question arising from the incapacity of minor heirs has already been adverted to.
Upon the final hearing of the cases as consolidated, the court below, on the 15th of June, 1886, made the following decree, to wit:
"These consolidated causes came on to be heard at this term on final hearing and were argued by counsel, and thereupon, upon consideration thereof, it isordqred, adjudged and decreed by the court that the bills of complaint of the complainants, John A. Buckner and others and Narcissa Keene, wife of Matt. F. Johnson, and others, be dismissed, reserving the right to said complainants, except said Buckner in his own right, to go before the master appointed in the case of Waters, Adm'r, v. Johnson et al., INo. 6612 of the docket of this court, and prove up as ordinary claims -against the estate of Oliver J. Morgan such sums as may be due them on account of the original indebtedness of Oliver J. Morgan to the heirs of Narcissa Deeson, which indebtedness is hereby recognized as originally $134,991.40, provided said complainants shall account for said property, rents and revenues of the said estate of Oliver J. Morgan as came. to their hands as heirs or grantees of said Oliver J. Morgan, and it is ordered that said complainants do pay all the costs of the suit, said costs to be equally divided between the complainants in the two causes respectively."
On a full consideration of the case, we think that this decree should be reversed, and that a new and different decree should be made. Instead of dismissing the bills of the complainants, we think that those bills, being in the nature of cross-bills in

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
the suit of Waters, (now Mellen,) administrator of Gay, against the executor of Morgan and others, should be retained and consolidated with that suit;, and instead of reserving to the complainants in the present suits the right to go before the master in that case and prove their claims against the estate of Oliver J. Morgan for any supposed indebtedness due to them as heirs of iNarcissa Deeson, (which indebtedness should be declared to be paid and satisfied,) a certain portion of the said plantations and real estate of Oliver J. Morgan, before referred to, should be reserved to them free from the claims .of the creditors of said Morgan; that is to say, two-fifths of the four plantations, Albion, Wilton, Westland and Morgana, should be reserved for the benefit of the heirs of Julia Morgan, deceased, and one-half of the Melbourne plantation should be reserved for the benefit of the 'heirs of Oliver H. Kellam, Jr., deceased; and th~e remaining interest in the said plantations should be subjected to the payment and satisfaction- of the debt due to said administrator of William Gay, deceased, and the debts of other creditors of Oliver J. Morgan who may have established their claims before the master in said Gay's suit in pursuance of the decree therein, not including any pretended claim or claims of the said Morgan's heirs. And the said portions so to be appropriated to the said heirs respectively, should be divided and set off to them in severalty, if they so. dfesire, without charging them with the value of any permanent buildings erected by them on such portions. And a decree should be made for the sale -of all remaining property in convenient parcels, and for an appropriation of the proceeds among the creditors as above stated. But if the heirs do not desire a severance of their portions, the whole to be sold, and they to receive their respective portions of the proceeds, but no' allowance for buildings. In carrying out the said diredtions, if the heirs shall desire their portions to be set off in severalty, they may designate-any buildings erected by them which they wish to retain, and the portion set off to them shall include said buildings, if it can be done without prejudice to the other parts; and in that case the value of such buildings shall not be included in the aggregate valuation of the land, nor charged

MELLEN v. BUCKNER.
Opinion of the Court.
to the heirs in the valuation of the portion so set off to them with said buildings. And such decree should be made as the decree in the present consolidated case, and as a supplemental decree in the principal case, to which the present is related as by cross-bill.
Each party should pay their ow'n costs on this appeal, except the costs of printing the record, which should be equally divided between the two parties, appellants and appellees. The costs in the court below up to this time should be paid by the complainants, as directed in the decree of the Circuit Court.
The cause is remanded to the court below with directions to proceed in conformity with this opinion.
Decree. It is now here ord6'ed and decreed that the said decree of the Circuit Court be reversed, and that a new and diferent decree be made in this consolidated case, and by way of supplement to the decree in the principal case of William Gay's administrator against ilfatthew F. Johnson, dative testamentary ececutor of Oliver J. .3forgan, and others, that is to
say, it is ordered and decreed that the bills filed'by the complainants in the causes herein consolidated be retained, and the cases consolidated with the said principal case of Gay's administrator against Morgan's dative testamentary executor and others; but that -allreliefprayed in and by said billsfled ·in, the present cases be denied except as herein declared, namely: it is decreed that instead "f reserving to the said complainants the right to go before the master in said suit.of Gay's administrator, and to prove. their claims against the estate of 'said Oliver J. Mforgan, deceased, for any suposed indbtedness to them as -heirs of -Narcissa'Deeson, the said 'claims are hereby declared to be satisfied and paid; and that
in place of said supposed claims -the said heirs are entitled to have and retain a certain portion of said Oliver J. Morgan's estatefreefrom the claims of his creditors,'asfollows, tq wit: two-fifths of the four plantations, Albion, Wilton, Westland and .Morgana,are directed and decreed *to be "reservedfor the

OCTOBER TERM3, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
benefit of the heirs of Julia .Morgan,deceased; and one-half of felbourne plantation is directed and decreed to be reserved for the benefit of the heirs qf Oliver EI. Kellam, Jr., deceased; and that the remaining interest in the said plantations is dereed and adjudged to be subject to the payment and satisfaction qf the debts due to the administratorof said William. Gay, deceased, and to the other creditors who shall have established their debts before the master in said Gay's suit, not including the complainantsin this consolidatedcause; and it is further decreed that the portions so to be appropriatedto said heirs respectively be set off to them in severalty, if they shall so desire,without charging them for the value of anypermanent buildings erected by them thereon; and that all the remainingportions oflaidplantations be sold in convenient parcels, and theproceeds appropriatedto the creditors as above stated. And power is reserved to the court below to appoint commissioners to make division of said property in the proportions above named before said sale shall take place. But if the heirs shall not desire a severance of their portions, then the whole property to be sold, and they to receive their respaective portions of theproceeds, but no allowancefor buildings. Any moneys in the hands of the receiver, afterpaying his expenses and compensation, are to be divided between the creditors and heirs in the proportions above stated, applying the amount duz to the heirs, so far as may be requisite, to the costs payable by them. in carryingout the said directions, if the heirs shall desire their portions to be set off in severalty, they may designate any buildings erected by them which they wish to retain,and the portion set off to them shall include said buildings, if it can be done without prejudice to the other parts; and in that *casethe value of such buildings shall not be included in the aggregate valuation of the land, nor charged to the heirs in the valuation of the portion so set off to them with saidbuildings. Itis further decreed that each-partyshallpay their own. costs on these appeals, except the cost of printing the record,which shall be equally divided. It is also decreed that the costs in the Circuit Court up to the present time be paid by the complainants as directed in the decree appealede

HANDLEY v. STUTZ.
Syllabus.
from. It is further decreed that the cause be remanded withI directions to the Cirmdt Court for the Eastern District of .Louisiana-to enter a decree in conformity herewith, and to proceed in accordancewith the opinion of this court herewith fled.
3.F'JusTxE BREWER and MR. JUSTICE BRowN were not members of the court when this case was argued, and took no part in th6 decision.

HANDLEY v. STUTZ.

APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE.

STATES FOR

No. 1516. Submitted January 12, 1891.-Decided March 30,1891.

The failure to enter a vote of stockholders In a corporation In the corporation records at the time when it was adopted does not affect its
validity. A resolution of stockholders in a corporation organized under the laws of
Kentucky to increase the capital stock of the corporation, passed at a meeting held without the limits of that State, is binding upon the mem-
bers present and voting for it. An increase by a Kentucky corporation of its capital stock within the
amount authorized by'law is not invalidated by reason of the fact that no amendment of the charter authorizing such increase was ever recorded or published as required by the laws of that State. When a stockholder in a corporation who assents to an increase in the capital stock of the corporation and its gratuitous distribution among the shareholders, receives such stock as full. paid stock, an obligation arises to pay for it in full, when called upon to do so by creditors whose debts are subsequent to the authorization of the increase: but this equity does not exist in favor of a creditor whose debt was contracted prior to such
authorization.
An active corporation, finding its original capital impaired by loss or misfortune, may, for the purpose of recuperating itself, and of producing
new conditions for the successful prosecution of its -business, issue new stock, and put it upon the market, and sell it for the best price that can be obtained :.and in such case no such trust in favor of a creditor arises against the purchaser who, in good faith,.buys for less than par.
VrOL. exxxrx-27

ALBRIGH{T v. OYSTER.
Opinion of the Court.
device. It is unnecessary for us to enter into an examination of the evidence on this subject. We are satisfied that the complainants had no case on which to ground a decree, and that the bill of complaint ought to have been dismissed.
The decree s reversed, and the cause remanded with directions to enter a decree dismissing the bill of complaint, and taking such further _proceedings as may be m conformity with this opinion.

ALBRIGHT v. OYSTER.

APPEAL

FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF ISSOURI.

STATES FOR

No. 133. Argued and submitted January 6, 1891.-Decided May 25,1891.

This suit is brought to determine the legal effect of a will, and of a modifying contract in regard to it made by those interested. As "the whole question in the case is one of fact," the court has "given the evidence a very careful examination," and, without determining the legal effect of the will or the contract, and proceeding on the real intention of the parties, which were fair to all interested, and have been acted upon and acquiesced in by every one concerned for a long period, and deeming it for the interest of all concerned and of the community that litigation over this estate should cease, it makes a decree to effect those objects.
IN EQUITY. The case is stated in the opinion.
.MrJames H. Anderson for appellants.
.r .D P .Dyer for appellees submitted on his brief.

MRi. JusTI E L~maR delivered the opinion of the court.
This was a suit in equity brought by Mollie N. Albright and William E. Oyster, by their next friend, David K. Oyster, and David K. Oyster in his own right, citizens of Missouri, against George Oyster, Margaret Oyster, Margaretta Oyster, executrix of the last will and testament of Simon Oyster, de-

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
ceased, Simon K. Oyster and Iola E. Oyster, his wife, and John Albright, husband of Mollie N. Albright, citizens of Pennsylvania. Its object was to establish the title of the plaintiffs to. a large amount of land situated in Lewis County, MNissouri, the legal title to which was in the defendant George Oyster.
The controversy grows out of a will made by Abraham Oyster, and a subsequent agreement in writing among the parties to this suit, who were beneficiaries under the will. The plaintiffs Mollie N. Albright and William E. Oyster and the defendant Iola E. Oyster are the children of the plaintiff David K. Oyster.
Abraham Oyster died in Lewis County, Missouri, on the 10th day of August, 1862, leaving four children, viz., the plaintiff David K. Oyster, the defendants Margaret and George Oyster, and Simon Oyster, since deceased. He left a will dated two days before his death, and duly probated in the county court of Lewis County, Missouri, on the 21st of October, 1862, which was as follows
"Itis my will that all my real estate, part of which is situate in Cumberland County, State of Pennsylvania, a part in Pike County, State of Illinois, and a part in Lewis and Marion counties, in the State of Missouri - Island No. 14, in the Mississippi, opposite the city of La Grange, is not included in this clause -be taken possession of as soon as may be by the executors of this will, and that all such parts thereof as can shall be leased or rented until such time as, in the judgment of said executors, it will sell for fair prices, when they will proceed to sell said real estate to the best advantage, all of which they are hereby authorized to bargain, sell and alien in fee simple, and out of the proceeds of such sale and rents -
" 1. I hereby give and bequeath to my daughter, Martha Oyster, ten thousand dollars ($10,000).
"2. I give and bequeath to my son, George Oyster, ten thousand dollars ($10,000).
"3. Of the remainder of the proceeds of the sales and rents aforesaid I give and bequeath to my sons, Simon Oyster, George Oyster and David K. Oyster, and my daughter, Martha Oyster, each -anequal portion, but it is my will that

ALBR1GIIT -v. OYSTER.
Opinion of the Court.
the portion that falls to my son David K. Oyster my executors shall so dispose of as that only the interest annually shall be paid to him, also that the saw-mill in the city of La.Grange shall, until such time as my executors shall deem it proper to sell it, as the other real estate, be rented to my son David K. at a fair sum, or to some other person.
"Also that my executors collect all the debts owing to me, and out of such collections pay all the expenses of the executorship, including all fees, etc.
"I do hereby appoint as executors of this will my son George Oyster and my son-in-law Charles Oyster, both of the county of Cumberland, and State of Pennsylvania."
-MarthaOyster mentioned in the will is known as .Margaret Oyster throughout these proceedings.
The bill of complaint in this case was filed on the 6th of September, 1883, and, after setting out the foregoing facts in somewhat the same order as we have stated them, contained substantially the following material averments In consequence of the executors named in the will not residing in Missouri, they were disqualified to act, under the laws of that State, and on the day the will was probated the court appointed David K. Oyster administrator of the estate of Abraham Oyster, deceased, with the will annexed, and he duly qualified as such administrator. Simon Oyster and David K. Oyster were not satisfied with the provisions of the will, and, on the 18th of April, 1866, the former instituted a suit in the Circuit Court of Lewis County, Missouri, to have it set aside and declared null and void. While that suit was pending Simon Oyster died, leaving a will in which he appointed his wife Margaretta his sole executrix, with full power to settle up his estate. That will was duly probated in the orphans' court of Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, and the executrix took upon herself the execution of it.
On the 3d of March, 1868, the legatees under the will, then living, and Margaretta Oyster, executrix, etc., as a sort of compromise of the suit instituted by Simon Oyster, as aforesaid, entered into an agreement in writing, drawn by George Oyster, by the terms of which it was provided that, for the purpose of

OCTOBER TERMr, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
effecting a speedy settlement of said estate, Margaretta Oyster, executrix, etc., and David K. Oyster should pay to Margaret and George Oyster the sum of $5000, in equal parts of $2500 to each, and that, in ,consideration of certain advances made to Simon, George and Margaret Oyster, by their father, Abraham, during his lifetime, and in order to nearly equalize the shares of the several legatees, the plaintiff David K. Oyster, should receive from the estate (1) 640 acres of unimproved lands in Lewis County, Missouri, (2) 320 acres of land in Pike County, Illinois, (3) certain particularly described property in La Grange, Missouri, on which steam saw-mills were built, in consideration of $1125, and (4:) $5000. The agreement further provided that, in consideration of the foregoing parts of it being fully complied with, the remainder of the estate of their ancestor should be divided equally among George, Margaret, David K. and the heirs of Simon Oyster; and that, except as to the bequests made to Margaret and George Oyster of $10,000 each, and as to so much as related to the saw-mill property at La Grange, the will of Abraham Oyster should be fully executed. And it was further agreed that, in consideration of the above premises, the suit to contest the will, brought by Simon Oyster, should be forever abandoned.
In pursuance of that agreement, on the 13th of April, 1868, the suit instituted by Simon Oyster to have the will set aside was dismissed. Afterwards, in November, 1869, the lands belonging to the estate in Missouri were sold at public auction. A few days before the sale, George, Margaret, Margaretta, executrix, etc., and David K. Oyster held a consultation, at the residence of David K., as to the best method of carrying out the provisions of the will and the subsequent agreement, at which time it was fully agreed by all of them that at the forthcoming sale David K. should bid in for the benefit of his children what was then known as the "home farm" of Abraham Oyster, for $12,000, and also 640 acres of land in what was known as "Oyster prairie," in Lewis County, in order that they (his children) might be made to share equally, in the distribution of the estate, with the other legatees who had received advancements from Abraham Oyster during his life-

ALiBRIGHT v. OYSTER.
Opinion of the Court.
time. It was found, however, that David K, being administrator with the will annexed, was precluded, under the laws of Missouri, from bidding at the sale, and, accordingly, arrangements satisfactory to all concerned were finally made by which David K. relinquished all right, title, claim and interest in and to the property under the will and the subsequent modifying agreement, for the benefit of his children, and Simon K. Oyster, the son of Margaret, and the son-in-law of David K., bid in those two last-mentioned pieces of property -the former for $12,000 and the latter for $3200-for the benefit of the children of David K.
After a few other tracts of prairie land had been sold at what seemed to those interested to be unsatisfactory prices, an understanding was reached among the legatees under the will that the remainder of the prairie lands should be sold and bought in by any one of them without regard to price or location, and, in order that such property might be equally divided among them, it was further agreed that three appraisers should be appointed to go with the county surveyor upon those prairie lands and divide them into four equal parts. The sale then proceeded to completion, and the purchasers at the sale received their deeds from David TK., as administrator. Afterwards, in pursuance of the agreement last above referred to, three appraisers were appointed, who made division of the prairie lands bought in by the legatees under the will in four equal parts, as nearly as was possible according to their value. Thereupon, by virtue of a mutual agreement between the beneficiaries under the will, they selected their respective portions of the lands divided as aforesaid in the following order (1)CGeorge Oyster, (2) Margaret Oyster, (3) Margaretta Oyster, executrix, etc., and (4) Simon K. Oyster, for the bene4 fit of the children of David K. Oyster. Accordingly deeds were made to each one of them by David K., as administrator, including absolute deeds to Simon K. of the two first-mentioned properties and the last division of the prairie land. In making conveyances the prairie land property was treated as if it had been bid in at the administrator's sale. The grantees in those conveyances thereupon took possession of the property
VOL. cxr -32

OCTOBER TERMH, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
conveyed to them, respectively, and continued to hold it ever afterwards.
Subsequently, on the 11th of September, 1871, the Circuit Court of Lewis County, Missouri, appointed one Robinson trustee for the children of David K., to take the property purchased at the sale and that set aside by the appraisers for the benefit of those children, and authorized him to receive said property at the prices at which it had been bid in by Simon K., as aforesaid. The trustee made demand therefor of Simon K., but the latter, acting under the influence of the defendant George Oyster, declined to make such transfer; and soon thereafter the trustee died without having begun any proceedings to compel such conveyance.
The deeds to Simon K., although absolute in form and purporting to have been executed in consideration of $21,000, were taken by Simon K. with the distinct understanding that he should hold the property as the trustee for the benefit of the children of David K., and no consideration whatever was paid by him, all of which facts were well known to all the beneficiaries of the estate. But, nevertheless, on the 10th day of February, 1881, Simon K., with full knowledge of all the facts in the premises, and in violation of the trust reposed in him, in consideration of the sum of five dollars, (which was never paid,) conveyed the property deeded to him as aforesaid to the defendant George Oyster, who also had full knowledge of all those facts and circumstances relative to said trust, and who, in fact, was mainly instrumental in procuring such conveyance to himself, by representing to Simon K., who was then very sick, that if he should die it would involve his estate in much litigation, and that he (George) would indemnify him (Simon K.) against any loss which he might suffer by reason of such conveyance.
At.the time of the partition and sale aforesaid the children of David K. were all minors and unmarried. But subsequently the daughter, Iola E., intermarried with said Simon K., and moved to Pennsylvania. The other daughter married the defendant John Albright, but both she and her brother, William E., have always lived with their father, who had been in posses-

ALBRIGIHT v. OYSTER.
Opinion of the Court.
sion and enjoyment of the lands so conveyed to Simon K. ever since that conveyance, with the consent of his children, holding the same for their benefit.
Soon after the defendant George Oyster got the legal title to the lands in question, he instituted a suit in ejectment against David K., which, under a stipulation between the parties to that suit, resulted in a judgment of ouster against David K. on the 30th of April, 1883. At the same time the plaintiff in that suit agreed not to cause execution to issue on his judgment before the 1st of May, 1884, in order that the plaintiffs in this suit might have time to file this bill, to test their equitable rights to the property in dispute.
The bill further stated that the reason the plaintiff Mrollie N. Albright appeared by her next friend, and her husband, John Albright, was made a defendant, was because they did not live together, and he refused to join as a coplamntiff with her; and that the reason Iola E. Oyster was not made a coplaintiff was because she was under the influence and control of her husband, Simon K., who refused to join as a coplaintiff in this suit.
The prayer of the bill was for an injunction to restrain the defendant George Oyster from causing execution to issue on the aforesaid judgment in the ejectment proceedings, and for a decree directing him to convey the property in dispute to the plaintiffs and the defendant Iola E. Oyster, on the ground thaV the conveyance of the property to Simon K. Oyster was made in trust for their use and benefit, that it had been fully paid for out of David K. Oyster's distributive share of the estate of his father, and that the defendant George Oyster acquired the property, with knowledge of the trust, and parted with no value therefor, and for other and further relief, etc.
George Oyster filed an answer to the bill, and the main issues in the case arise out of the bill and that answer. It was in substance as follows It admitted all the averments contained in the bill up to and including the making of the agreement of March 3, 1868, modifying the terms of the will, and averred in relation to that matter that the respondent

500

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.

Opinion of the Court.

had never refused to be bound by that agreement, but that plaintiff David K. had persistently ignored the obligations which that instrument imposed upon him, although he had been quite willing to accept the benefits which it conferred. It further admitted the main facts in relation to the sale of the property by the administrator to ber substantially as stated in the bill, but averred that the real agreement entered into by the legatees under the will, with respect to the purchase of certain of the lands by the legatees and their subsequent partition, was this That the share of each legatee, as ascertained by the partition proceedings mentioned in the bill, should be paid for by each one, respectively, and the prices therefor should be treated as assets of the estate, to be disposed of by the administrator in the proper execution of the will and the modifying contract.
The answer then averred that, at the sale, property to the value of $4920 was sold to strangers, and the remainder of it was bid in by the four legatees or by some one in their interest under the agreement, that the sale having been concluded, the four legatees under the will met and mutually agreed upon the division that should be made of the property bid in by them, whereby $3500 worth of lands fell to each respondent, Margaret and Alargaretta, executrix, etc., and $6000 worth to them jointly, (none of which are in dispute,) and all the remainder of the property, that in dispute, was apportioned to David K. for $21,800, that all of that property was to be accounted for by them respectively, according to its amount and value, that, as the property apportioned to David K. was more than his share under the will and the modifying agreement, it was agreed that the title to that property should remain in the estate until paid for by him, and be chargeable with the purchase money, that the deeds were made in pursuance of that agreement or understanding, that respondent, Margaret and Mlargaretta, executrix, etc., each paid to the administrator the price of the lands allotted to them respectively, but that the purchase price of the land conveyed by Simon K. was not paid by him, by David K., or by any one else, that David K., as administrator, was chargeable with

ALBRIGHT v. OYSTER.
Opinion of the Court.
the purchase price of the land conveyed to Simon K., and with $4920 purchase money of land sold to strangers, and with other property which came into his hands, the precise amount of which was unknown to respondent, and that David K., in making the conveyances to Simon K. without payment of the purchase price, acted in violation of his official duty, and the conveyance thus operated to invest Simon K. with the title to the property thus conveyed, subject to the incumbrance for purchase money, and to constitute him a trustee of said property for the legatees under the will for their respective shares in the estate of the testator remaining unsatisfied, viz., to respondent, $1975, to Margaret, $2887, and to Margaretta, executrix, etc., $5230.
It was denied that the "house farm" and the 640 acres of prairie lands, or either of them, was bid in for the benefit of the children of David K., or that Simon K. ever held said lands upon any trust whatever for said children. It was then averred that the alleged trust in Simon K. was void under the Missouri statute of frauds, because it was not in writing. Further answering, respondent admitted that Simon K. never paid any consideration for the property in dispute, and averred that neither did the plaintiffs, who claim to be his cestuis que trust, ever pay any consideration therefor, and that plaintiffs should be estopped from averring the consideration in the deed to Simon K. to have been other than that stated in the deed.
The conveyance of Simon K. to respondent was admitted, but it was denied that any unfair means were adopted by respondent as an inducement to that conveyance. And it was further averred that the conveyance was taken by respondent, not for his sole use and benefit, as alleged in the bill, but in trust for the benefit of the legatees under the will, as the only means of securing the amounts due from David K. to the other legatees, David K. and his sureties on his official bond being wholly insolvent, that all acts done by respondent since he secured the title to the property were likewise in the execution of said trust, and that respondent is still claiming to hold the property in trust as aforesaid.
Without going more into detail, it is sufficient to say that

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
any and all other material averments in the bill charging the respondent with any illegal practices or any wrong were specifically denied by him, as was also the averment that respondent was holding the property in trust for the children of David K., and it was prayed that the bill be dismissed.
Margaret Oyster and Margaretta Oyster, executrix, etc., filed separate demurrers to the bill on the ground that it did not allege that those defendants had any interest in the lands mentioned in the bill adverse to plaintiffs, or that those defendants did in any way controvert or deny, or had in any way controverted or denied, the rights of plaintiffs to the relief demanded, or that those defendants- were in any way interested or concerned in the granting or refusal of the relief demanded, and because no case was stated which entitled plaintiffs to any discovery or relief against those defendants.
Iola E. Oyster filed a disclaimer, and Simon K. filed a plea that the trust alleged to have been in him was not in writing, and was, therefore, void under the laws of Missouri.
The plaintiffs filed exceptions to that part of the answer of George Oyster which set up the statute of Missouri to defeat the trust, and also to the plea of Simon K. Oyster setting up the same defence, on the grounds (1) that the facts alleged in the bill took the case out of the operation of the statute, (2) that there had been a part performance which took the case out of the operation of the statute, and (3) because the alleged trust was a resulting trust.
On the 31st of January, 1884, the court entered an order overruling the demurrers of Margaret and Margaretta Oyster, sustaining the excep ions to the plea of Simon K. and the first exception to the answer of George Oyster, overruling the other exceptions to the answer, and giving the defendant Simon K. leave to answer in twenty days. The opinion of the court on these points, delivered by Judge Treat, is found in 19 Fed. Rep. 849.
On the 4th of February, 1884, the plaintiffs filed a reply to the answer of George Oyster, and on the 18th of the same month Simon K. Oyster filed an answer to the bill, in which he admitted many of the facts alleged in the bill, among

ALBRIGHT .v. 0 YSTER.
Opimon of the Court.
others that he never paid any of the consideration named in the deed to him, and averred that it was never expected of him that he should pay it, but, on the contrary, it was understood that David K. should pay it. He further admitted that he conveyed the property in dispute to the defendant George Oyster, but denied that he violated any trust in so doing, and further denied any confederacy or any intention on his part to commit any wrongful acts, in the transaction, or to violate any trust reposed in him.
Replication was also filed to this answer; and the case being thus at issue a considerable amount of testimony was taken. The case was heard upon the pleadings and proofs, and arguments of counsel, and on the first of December, 1884, the Circuit Court entered a decree dismissing the bill of complaint, without prejudice to any rights that the parties might have in the final administration of the trusts which were found to have devolved on the defendant George Oyster, by the deed from Simon K. and the aforesaid contract of March 3, 1868, modifying the will of Abraham Oyster, deceased. The opinion of the court, delivered by Judge Treat, is found in 22 Fed. Rep. 628. An appeal from that decree brings the case here.
The theory upon which this suit is prosecuted is, that the complainants are the owners in equity of the real estate described in the bill, the consideration for it having been paid by the distributive share of the complainant David K. Oyster, in his father's estate, that part of the property described was bid off at the sale in 1869 by Simon K. Oyster, for the benefit of the children of David K., and the remainder, which was the one-fourth part of the lands in Oyster prairie set apart as the share of David K., was bid off at the sale by the heirs, that all that property was deeded to Simon K., as trustee for David I. and his children, the conveyance not proceeding directly to the beneficiaries, because, under the law of Missouri, David ., being administrator of the estate, could not convey to himself individually, and his children at that time were minors, and that the conveyance of the property by Simon K. to the defendant George Oyster was charged with those trusts. The real defence of George Oyster is, that David K. Oyster was in

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
arrears to the estate in a large sum, and for that reason his share in the estate of their father was conveyed to Simon K., as trustee, charged with that sum, and that he himself now holds the property, by conveyance from Simon K., charged with the lien of himself, Margaret and Margaretta, executrix of Simon, deceased, for the unpaid portion of the purchase price from David K. The court below found that the evidence did not sustain complainant's theory of the case, and accordingly dismissed the bill without prejudice to the rights of the parties in the final administration of the trust devolved upon George Oyster by the deed to him from Simon K., and under the contract of March 3, 1868, amendatory of the will of Abraham Oyster.
As the whole question in the case is one of fact, we have given the evidence a very careful examination. Certain facts are undisputed, or are clearly proven. Abraham Oyster died testate in Missouri in 1862, leaving a large amount of property in that State, in Illinois and in Pennsylvania. He left four children surviving him, Margaret, Simon, George and David K. A few years before his death he had made certain advancements to Margaret, George and Simon, but had advanced nothing to David K. By his will he made further preferences in favor of George and Margaret, bequeathing to them $10,000 apiece, and then dividing the remainder of the estate equally among the four children. The clause in the will relating to the share of David K. was worded somewhat peculiarly, as follows "It is my will that the portion that falls to my son, David K. Oyster, my executors shall so dispose of as that only the interest annually shall be paid to him." We need not stop here to consider the legal effect of that clause. But the evidence clearly shows that, until a very recent period, the understanding of all the legatees was, that it conveyed to David K. only a life estate in the share coming to him, with a remainder over to his children. The foregoing facts are thus stated in the forefront of the opinion, because upon them hinges much that is to follow
As is usual when there has been an unequal division of an estate among the children of the testator, those receiving the

ALBRIGHT v. OYSTER.
Opinion of the Court.
smaller shares were dissatisfied with the will. Accordingly, we find Simon Oyster bringing a suit to set the will aside and have it declared null and void. Before that suit was terminated Simon Oyster died, leaving a will by which he appointed his widow (who was also named Margaret and who is the " M] argaretta" throughout these proceedings-so called because she was small of stature, and to distinguish her from the other Margaret) executrix of his estate. Throughout the subsequent transactions relating to the estate of Abraham Oyster, Margaretta represented the share that fell to Simon. To all intents and purposes she was treated by the other legatees as the legal representative of Simon, and has been so treated by them up to this time.
The unequal distribution of the estate of Abraham Oyster by his will and the suit of Simon to set it aside brought about the agreement in writing of March 3, 1868, amendatory of the will. The object of that agreement was to place the children of Abraham Oyster on a comparatively equal footing respecting the estate, and to compromise the suit of Simon, for the understanding of the parties was, that that suit did not abate by his death. That agreement is as averred in complainant's bill, but to make its terms fully understood it may be necessary to advert to certain facts brought out by the evidence. As already stated, Abraham Oyster, in his lifetime, had made advancements to Margaret, Simon and George, but had never advanced anything to David K. Those advancements appear to have been made in the years 1858 or 1859. Accordingly, the first consideration moving in the agreement was to place David K. on a comparatively equal footing with his brothers and sister. The agreement, therefore, provided that Margaret, 0 argaretta, executrix, and George, should quitclaim their interests to David K. in the following property belonging to the estate (1) Six hundred and forty acres of unimproved land in Lewis County, Missouri (known as a portion of the "Oyster prairie" lands, in the subsequent proceedings), and (2) three hundred and twenty acres of land in Pike County, Illinois. Certain particularly described property in La Grange, Missouri, known as the "saw-mill" property, was to be sold

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opmion of the Court.
to David K. for $1125, and he was to receive further the sum of $5000 out of the estate. In consideration of this equalization of the shares in the estate, Margaret and George still retained a slight advantage over the other two heirs. True, they relinquished the bequests of $10,000 made to each of them by the will of their father, but it was part of the agreement that they were each to receive from David K. and Margaretta, executrix, etc., $2500, or $1250 apiece from each of them. By the terms of the agreement the will, as thus modified, was to be carried out. That is, the other property of the estate was to be sold and the proceeds divided equally among the four legatees.
Regarding subsequent events in the distribution of the estate, there is some dispute. But we think the evidence, fairly and reasonably considered, warrants us in finding the following- As before stated, George Oyster was one of the executors of his father's will. In the management and settling up of his father's estate in Illinois and Pennsylvania he had full and absolute control. He was the leading spirit of the family, and, in the matter of the estate, whatever was said or done by him was acquiesced in by his sister Margaret and his sister-in-law Margaretta. He conceived the idea, either originally or after taking the advice of counsel, that the agreement of March 3, 1868, was not valid and binding upon the parties to it, for the reason that Margaretta, as executrix, had no power to make any agreement or conveyance that would be binding upon minor heirs. Accordingly, while the subsequent proceedings in the settlement of the estate were carried out on the basis of the equality of interests represented by the contract of March 3, 1868, the proceedings authorized by that contract were not adhered to. No quit-claim deeds were made to David K. for the 320 acres of land in Illinois, or the 640 acres in Lewis County, Missouri, nor did David K. receive the $5000 from the estate, according to the terms of the contract. But an oral agreement was reached at some time after the date of the contract and prior to the 15th of November, 1869, (the precise date not being readily ascertainable, nor is it material,) by which the interest of David K. in

ALBRIGHT v. OYSTER.
Opinion of the Court.
the estate in Illinois and Pennsylvania was to be concentrated in what was known as the "home farm" of Abraham Oyster, (at that time and since the residence of David K.), and at the forthcoming sale on said 15th of November, 1869, David K. was to bid it in for $12,000. The other property mentioned in the agreement of March 3, 1868, that was to go to David X., was also to be bid in by him at that sale. This arrangement was made because it was believed by the beneficiaries under the will that David K.'s share of the estate could not be paid to him in money under the clause of the will above quoted, but might be put into real estate for his benefit during his lifetime with a remainder over to his children, and for the further reason that it was doubted if any conveyance could be made to David K. by the other legatees that would bind the minor heirs of David K. and of Simon, especially by Margaretta, as executrix. This theory harmonizes best with all the testimony in the case, and is borne out by a letter of George Oyster to David K., dated at his Pennsylvania home, June 11, 1868, wherein, after referring to the condition of affairs in relation to the estate, and particularly to the manner in which he understood the distribution should be made by David 1K. in the settlement of it, he says
' Simon having brought an action to test the validity of Father's will, His Executrix is a Legal party to the articles of Agreement we have Entered into, having made his objection in said suit a part of the consideration upon which our agreement was based whereby his Executrix represents all the interest that Simon has or may have had to any and all Interest arising to Simon of Father's Estate, in the property contained or embraced in said agreement.
"The minor or other children of Simon are all represented By Simons Executrix and when you, as administrator of Fathers Estate, proceed under an order of sale from the court in pursuance of Father will, you are the proper party to sell and make all the titles for all the property Belonging to said Estate and after having done so and received the proceeds arising from such sale and you make or are ready to make Distribution of the same that Simon Executrix on receiving

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
his share or Interest arising therefrom that her release to you will be all that will be necessary to forever exclude any and all heirs of Simon from any further claim. Such is certainly the law here She having her Letters Testamentary Issued here. Now the only question that presents itself to my mind is whether the Laws of your state will recognize acts legally done by her here as of the same force and effect there, if not, then her signature and acknowledgment to the agreement can be of no value and the whole agreement become void, as it was not the intention of any of the parties to it at the time of making it that it should be confined in its effect to the property in this state, and in regard to the farm on which you live You will best make Title to some other person who will return the title to-you, or have title through an order of the court. I am of the Opinion that Simon's Executrix would not be vested with power to join us in making title to you for property there that would exclude the minor children fromi claiming thereafter. I hold that the power to become a competent party to the agreement by which real Estate is disposed of arose from Simon's own act in filing Exceptions to the manner in which Father disposed of his property m which he was interested in the final Distribution and that in the Balance of the property she is not legally qualified to do anything more than receive the share due Simon and release the Executors and Administrators therefrom.
"In making or having title made to the farm you should have it made so that the trust vested in the executors by father can be discharged and all your interest in the moneys arising from the sales of real estate can be invested in that property in pursuance of the will, otherwise the interest arising out of this property here would have to continue in the possession of the executor as trustee which is not desirable. I wish it so arranged that your shares shall be vested in that farm and the trust closed m it."
The sale of the property was made by David K. as administrator, as advertised, on the 15th of November, 1869. For the purpose of making plain the facts connected with that sale we will divide the lands sold into eight parcels, following

ALBRIGHT v. OYSTER.
Opinion of the Court.
m this respect the division made by counsel for appellees, viz.. (1) Lands sold to strangers; (2) certain property in La Grange, (3) the saw-mill property in La Grange, (4) the 640-acre tract m Lewis County, Missouri, which, under the contract of March 3, 1868, was to be quit-claimed to David K., (5) the "home farm," (6) about 40 acres five or six miles southeast of La Grange, known as the "Durgin Creek property," (7) about 45 acres of land near La Grange, or as it is frequently designated, "the tract back of town," and (8) prairie lands and timber lands, unimproved, aggregating about 2200 acres. It may be well to state here, also, that the property in dispute comprises parcels 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7, and the one-fourth part of parcel 8.
It was found, however, that, under the laws of Missouri, David K. could not bid in any property at the sale, because he was the administrator of the property to be sold. Without going into the details of the transactions on the day of the sale, or referring particularly to all of the evidence upon which our judgment is based, it is sufficient to say that, in our opinion, the evidence, fairly and reasonably considered, shows that Simon :K. Oyster was selected, and mutually agreed upon
by all parties in interest, to represent the share of David K. in the bidding in of the property which had been selected for that share. Under that arrangement Simon K. bid in parcels 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7, as above designated. Parcel 4 was bid in at $5 per acre, $3200, but, in reality, it matters nothing what the price of it was, for it was purely ajproforma proceeding for the purpose of ultimately passing the title to it to David K.'s share, in pursuance of the agreement for the equalization of the shares that was, at that time, being carried out in apparent good faith. That parcel, as was also parcel 3, was bid in by Simon X., as trustee for the share of. David K., to effectuate the same purpose as was originally intended to be accomplished by quit-claim deeds which were contemplated by the agreement of March 3, 1868, and this proceeding was adopted in preference to quit-claim deeds from the other legatees, as being safer and in accordance with the law, as the parties then understood it, as already stated. We say, therefore,

OCTOBER TERS, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
that, according to our view of the evidence, parcel 4 was to, be conveyed to David K. to assist in making his share of the estate equal to those of the other legatees, and that, in that view of the case, the price bid for the land was immaterial, inasmuch as that tract of land was regarded as being fully paid for by David K.'s share.
Parcel 3 was to be paid for at the price stated in the agreement of March 3, 1868, to wit, $1125, and in the final settlement of the estate that sum was to be charged against the share of David K.
Parcel 2 was bid in for the benefit of George, Margaret and Margaretta, executrix, etc., and was to be accounted for by them at $6000. To equalize David K.'s share with that transaction, it was to receive parcels 6 and 7. Parcel 6, known as the "Durgin Creek property," was valued at $10 per acre, or $400, and parcel 7 at $35 per acre, or $1575-$1975 for both tracts, or practically equal to one-third of the value of parcel 2.
Parcel 1, as we have stated, represents land sold to various persons other than the legatees. The amount realized from the sale of those parcels was $4920. It was found, however, during the progress of the sale, that the land was not bringing what the heirs thought it ought to bring. Accordingly, it was arranged that any tract which should not sell for about its full value should be bid in by one or the other of the heirs, it mattered not which, for the benefit of all, and that at the conclusion of the sale the lands thus bought m should be divided into four parcels, as nearly equal in value as could be ascertained.
That arrangement was carried out, the remainder of the lands, aggregating about 2200 acres (parcel 8), were bought in promiscuo.usly by the heirs, and they were afterwards divided into four equal parts, according to their value, by three appraisers and a surveyor appointed by the heirs. One of those parts was selected by Margaret, another by Margaretta, executrix, a third by George, and the fourth was left for the share of David K. Deeds were made by David K., as administrator, to Margaret, Margaretta and George for their

ALBRIGHT v. OYSTER.
Opinion of the Court.
respective parts of those lands. The other part, allotted to the share of David K., was included in the deed from David K., as administrator, to Simon K., trustee for David K.'s share. Thus, the sale and division of the lands belonging to the estate were completed. We have said that we would not refer particularly to all of the evidence in the case bearing upon this sale and division of the property One part of it we desire to speak of; viz., a letter from George Oyster, dated at La Grange, Missouri, November 20, 1869, (five days after the sale,) addressed to his daughter, Annette, at their home in Pennsylvania. In this letter he speaks particularly of the transactions relating to the sale and division of the property, saying, among other things. the following" "On Monday last was the sale. We went to Monticello and commenced selling about 11 o'clock. The farm at the river was sold first, or rather knocked down, at $12,000. There was no stranger bid on it. We sold near $5000 worth of Lands all below what they are worth, 3 pieces of 80 Acres Each Brought $14.75 & 15$ per acre, I have since Been told were worth 18 to 20$ per acre. I think the Balance was knocked down at prices running from 4$ to 13.50. There was 2300 Acres sold besides what David had selected which sold at $5 per acre (640 acres) and 400 acres we sold strangers, we have this morning agreed on the Balance of the Property unsold, we have agreed to Divide the prairie and timber Lands Equally by having 3 men to divide it for us, and the property at the river. David gets the Farm at $12,000 and 45 Acres of Land at 358 per acre and 40 Acres timber land 8 miles from From LaGrange at $10 per acre, and Margaret, Simon's Wife and me take the town property at $6000 and we pay David $200 for his share of some shops on the lots. The arrangement is satisfactory to all of us and I think will change this Estate from a sinking fund to supporting itself."
This letter, written about the time the transactions to which it refers occurred, is of vastly more value, as evidence, than the statements of witnesses as to the same occurrences made many years afterwards, when differences had arisen and their minds were more or less prejudiced in favor of their own interests.

OCTOBER TERAi, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
Moreover, it is in. entire accord with the evidence introduced by David K., many of whose witnesses had been familiar with the' transactions concerning which they testified, and were apparently representative men in the community where those transactions occurred. Some of them had purchased land at the sale in November, 1869, and most of them had been at that sale and saw what was taking place. :Nor is their evidence contradicted materially by Margaret Oyster, one of the defendants herein, who, though not remembering very many things connected with the transaction very definitely, testified that she "always thought David should have the 'home farm, )" and that on the way home from the sale she heard David say he wanted that farm for his children. Indeed, the general effect of the testimony in support of the conclusion at which we have arrived, on this point, is not shaken by any evidence in the record, either oral or documentary, and George Oyster himself, unconsciously, perhaps, corroborates it in his testimony
Upon this branch of the case, therefore, we say, that our conclusion is in accordance with complainant's theory of the case. We think there can be no reasonable doubt but that parcels 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7,as above designated, were bought in at the sale by Simon K. Oyster, as trustee for the share of David K., that parcel 4 went to David K.'s share of the estate towards equalizing that share with the shares of the other heirs who had received advancements for more than that amount a few years before the death of Abraham Oyster, and was, therefore, fully paid for, that parcels 5 and 6 went to David K.'s share, while parcel 2 went to Margaret, Margaretta, executrix, and George, thus practically equalizing the shares in those transactions, that parcels 3 and 5 were bought in for the benefit of David K.'s share -the former at $1125 and the latter at $12,000, and that parcel 8 was equally divided among the heirs, according to its value. With respect, then, to parcels 4, 6, '7and the one-fourth part of parcel 8, we think the evidence shows that they have been fully paid for by David K.'s interest in the estate of his father, in accordance with the will and the subsequent modifying agreements, that

AIBRIGRT v. OYSTER.
Opinion of the Court.
Simon K. took a deed for them as trustee for the interest of David K., and that the transfer of those tracts from Simon K. to George was charged with the same trust.
With respect to parcels 3 and 5, that is, the "saw-mill property" and the "home farm," we are equally clear that they were bid off by Simon K. Oyster for the benefit of the share of David K., were deeded to him as such, and were conveyed by him to the defendant George Oyster charged with that trust. The only difficulty on this point is as to whether the consideration for those two pieces of property was fully paid by the interest of David K. in his father's estate.
As already stated, those two pieces of property were to be paid for at $1125 and $12,000 or $13,125. Under the agreement modifying the will, however, David K. was to receive $5000 cash from the estate and also 320 acres of land in Illinois. HIe never received either of those items, but their value was intended to be concentrated in the "home farm." It is shown by the evidence that the title to 160 acres of the 220 in Illinois failed, through some delinquent tax proceedings, and that George Oyster, as executor, sold the other 160 acres, receiving therefor, it seems, the sum of $1800. Thus at least $6800 was paid on parcels 3 and 5, by the equalization proceedings, leaving but $6325 due to 'the estate for those two pieces of property This sum represents an asset of the estate of Abraham Oyster, deceased. In the administration of his executorship in Illinois and Pennsylvania. George Oyster received a considerable amount of money- the exact amount not being ascertainable from the present record, because he does not appear to have made a final settlement of his executorship. That sum also represents an asset of the estate. Likewise the amount received by David K. from the sale of the personalty of the estate represents an asset.
At the sale on Nov. 15, 1869, certain lands (parcel 1) were sold to strangers for $4920. According to the evidence herein, that sum was paid to George Oyster and is, therefore, chargeable against him as an asset of the estate. These assets are the portion of the estate which, under the will and the modifying agreements, was to be equally divided among the four
VOL. CX--33

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
legatees. Again, running through the long period of years since the death of Abraham Oyster, considerable money has been paid out for taxes, etc., both by George Oyster and David K., on property belonging to the estate. We are not able from the present record to ascertain the exact amounts paid by each.
There should, therefore, be an accounting between George Oyster and David K. before there can be any exact settlement of the estate as to them.
As respects Margaret Oyster and Margaretta, executrix, etc., we are of the opinion that, as against David K.'s share in the estate, they have no claim whatever. Although made defendants in this suit, they did not defend, except to file a ,demurrer, which was overruled, and they never answered. They have had their day m court, as regards David K. Oyster and his share of the estate, and any claim which either or both could have asserted against him cannot now be prosecuted.
It will be observed that we have not seen fit to determine the legal effect of the will of Abraham Oyster, or the modifying contract of March 3, 1868. We have proceeded, rather, on the real intention of the parties, as manifested by that agreement and the subsequent oral agreements shown by the evidence to have existed. Those agreements when made were fair to all interested, and having been acted upon and acquiesced in by every one concerned for a long period, ought to be taken as the basis of the final settlement.
It is certainly for the interest of all concerned that litigation over this estate should cease. Nearly thirty years have elapsed since the death of Abraham Oyster, and nearly the whole of that period has been spent in litigation by his children over the property disposed of by his will. Animosities have been engendered by these proceedings, and a total estrangement now exists between the brothers George and David K. Moreover, the title to a large amount of valuable property has been in dispute all that time. The interests of the community, no less than the interests of the parties, require that there should be an end of litigation respecting it.

ALBRIGHT v. OYSTER.
Opinion of the Court.
Tie decree of the court below -is reversed, with directions to enter a decree enjozn2ing the defendant George Oysterfrom further prosecutionof his suit in ejectment, and decreeing that he convey to David E., for the term of hls natural life, with remainderover to his children,parcels 4,6, 7 and the one-fourth part of parcel8,freed from all claim, lien or encumbrancewhatsoever; and that he also convey in like manner the "saw-mill" property 'in La Grange and the "home farm," subject to any claim which may be found due him from David Z's share in the estate, upon a final accounting to be had of the matters between them. There should be a reference to a master to ascertain the exact amount due the estate from the administratorship of David K. and the executorship of George Oyster; also the amounts of taxes,etc.,pazd by both of them, and the $1250, due from David K. to George, under the modifying agreements, should also be taken into consideraton,to the end that a full and final settlement between them may be effected, and it s so ordered.
No. 134. OYSTER V. OYSTER. This case is supplementary to No. 133. The case is this After the decree of December 1, 1884, in No. 133 was entered in the Circuit Court, to wit, April 15, 1885, the complainants filed a new bill containing substantially the same allegations with respect to the resulting trust in George Oyster as did the. bill in No. 1,3, with certain others relating to an accountnag; and, seeking to enforce that same trust, the bill prayed for an accounting with respect to the matters in difference between them, and for a decree for the conveyance of the lands in dispute to the complainants, subject to whatever lien might be found to exist, if any, for any balance which might be found due the estate from David K. Oyster, on such accounting.
To so much of the bill as sought an enforcement of the resulting trust, George Oyster filed a plea in bar, setting up the former adjudication in No. 133. At the argument on this plea, the case was treated as if a demurrer had been filed to it, and it was held, 'ir. Justice Brewer (then Circuit Judge) delivering the opimon, that

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Syllabus.
the plea was good, and the bill was dismissed. 28 Fed. Rep. 909. From .that decree of dismissal this appeal was prosecuted.
We are entirely convinced that the decree of the court below, in this case, was correct. The merits of the questions relating to the resulting trust in George Oyster were adjudicated by the Circuit Court in No. 133, against the complainants, and so long as that decree remained unreversed they were concluded by it. Those questions were res judicata in that court. As the question of accounting was subsidiary to, and dependent upon, the establishment of that resulting trust, it was proper to dismiss the bill as to that feature of the case also.
It may be proper to add, in this connection, that the disposition made by us of lNo. 133, above set forth, practically gives the complainants all they seek in this supplementary case, and as it is clear that the real issues involved in this case are the same as in No. 133, the decree herein is
Affirmed.
Mr James H. Anderson submitted for appellants.
Mr D. P Dyer submitted for appellees.
MARCHAND v. GIIIFFON7.
ERROR TO THE CIRoUrr COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA.
No. 124. Argued and submitted December 19, i890. -Decided May 25, 1891.
In Louisiana a married woman, sued upon a promissory note signed by her, and defending upon the ground that the debt contracted in her name did not enure to her benefit or the benefit of her separate estate, has the burden of proof to establish that defence.
A married woman having been authorized by her husband and a District Court in Louisiana to borrow money and to give her note secured by mortgage on her separate property for its repayment, is not estopped thereby from setting up, in an action on the note and mortgage, that the debt did not enure to her benefit or the benefit of her separate estate, and from averring and showing facts which constitute a fraud upon her in law, although the word fraud is not used in her plea. and if it appear

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Syllabus.
POTTER v. COUCH.
HALE v. COUCH.
JOHNSON v. COUCH.
JOHNSON v. COUCH.
COUCH v. COUCH.
APPEALS FROM1 THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS.
Nos. 1063,1064, 1065, 1066, 1067. Submitted October 30, 1869. -Decided Bray 26, 1891.
A testator gave all his estate, real and personal, to his executors for the term of twenty years, "in trust, and for the uses, objects -and purposes hereinafter mentioned," and authorized them to make leases not extending beyond the twenty years, and to lend money on mortgage for the same period; and, "after the expiration of the trust estate vested in my executors and trustees for the term of twenty years after my decease," devised and bequeathed one fourth part of all his estate, subject to the payment of debts and legacies, to his widow, one fourth to his daughter, one fourth to his brother, and one fourth to his nephew; gave certain legacies and annuities to other persons; directed his executors to pay a certain part of the income to his brother "until the final division of my estate, which shall take place at the end of twenty years after my decease, and not sooner;" that no part of his estate should "be sold, mortgaged (except for building) or in any manner incumbered until the end of twenty years from and after my decease, when it may be divided or sold for the purposes of making a division between my devisees as herein directed," and also that, in the event of any of the legatees or annuitants being alive at the end of the twenty years, there should then be a division of all his estate, "anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and in such case my executors, in making division of the said estate, shall apportion each legacy- or annuity on the estate assigned to my devisees, who are hereby charged with the payment of the same according .to the apportionment of my said executors;" and further provided as follows: " It is my will that my trustees aforesaid shall pay the several gifts, legaries, annuities and charges herein to the persons named in this will, and that no creditors or assignees or purchasers shall be entitled to any part of the bounty or bounties intended to be given by me herein for the personal advantage of the persons named; and therefore it is my will that,

POTTER v. -COUCH.
Syllabus.
if either of the devisees or legatees named in my will shall in any way or manner cease to be personally entitled to the legacy or devise made by me for his or her benefit, the share intended for such devisee or legatee shall go to his or her children, in the same manner as if such child or children had actually inherited the same, and, in the event of such person or persons having no children, then to my daughter and her heirs." He also declared it to be his wish that W., one of his executors, should collect the rents and have the general supervision during the twenty years; and further provided that the share devised to his daughter should be conveyed at the expiration of the twenty years, for her sole use, to three trustees to be chosen before her marriage by herself and the trustees named in the will, and the net income be paid to her personallv for life, and the principal be conveyed after her death to her children or appointees; and that, in the event of his wife's marrying again, the share -devised to her should be held by his trustees for her sole use. Held. (1) That the powers conferred and the trusts imposed were annexed to
the office of executors; and that they took the legal title in fee, to hold until they had divided the estate, or the proceeds of its sale, among the devisees of the residue. (2) That an equitable estate in fee in one fourth of the residue of the estate vested in the brother and the nephew, respectively, from the death of the testator. (3) That the limitation over, in case of alienation, was intended to apply to the residuary devises, but was void because repugnant to the estates devised. (4) That by the law of Illinois such an equitable estate could not be taken, at law or in equity, for the debts of the owner. (5) That a conveyance thereof by such owner, in consideration of an agreement of the grantee to buy up outstanding judgments against the grantor, and to sell the interest cofiveyed and pay one half of the net proceeds to the grantors wife, no part of which agreement was performed by the grantee, gave him no right which a court of equity would enforce. (6) That these conclusions were not affected by the following facts. The daughter was married ten years after the death of the testator, having first, by indenture with the trustees named in the will, appointed them to be trustees for the benefit of herself and her children. Just before the end of twenty years from the testator's death, a mortgagee- of all the real estate agreed with the trustees under the will to ppstpone payment of the principal and to reduce the rate of interest of the mortgage debt, provided the whole estate should continue to be managed by W., and thereupon the testator's widow, brother, nephew, daughter and her husband, individually, and the .widow, brother and W., as trustees of the daughter, made to W a power of attorney, reciting that by the will the testator devised his whole estate in trust for the period of twenty years, which was about to expire, and upon the termina-

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Statement of the Case.
tion of that trust to the widow, brother, nephew and daughter in equal parts, and that it was deemed advantageous to the devisees, as well as to the mortgagee, that the estate should continue to be managed as a whole, and therefore authorizing W to take possession, to collect rents, to pay taxes, debts against the estate, and expenses of repairs and management, and to sell and convey the whole or any part of the estate at his discretion.
THESE were appeals from a,decree in equity by various persons asserting claims to the real estate devised by Ira Couch, who died January 28, 1857, to his brother James and to his nephew Ira, by his will dated November 12, 1855, and duly admitted tW probate March 21, 1857, by which he appointed his wife daroline E. Couch, his brother James Couch and his brother-in-law William H. Wood executors and trustees, and devised and-bequeathed all his property, real and personal, to them in trust for the term of Gwenty years and for certain uses and purposes, .and .then, (after payment of debts and legacies,)-in equal fourths; to his wife, to his daughter and her children, to his brother James, and' to his nephew Ira, the son of James, with devises over in case of alienation. The material provisions of the will are copied or stated in the margin',
1 "First. I do hereby, give, bequeath and devise unto my beloved wife
Caroline Elizabeth Couch, and my brother James Couch, and my brotherin-law William H. Wood, whom I hereby constitute, make and appoint to be my executrix, executors and trustees of this my last will and testament, and the survivors of them, and, .inthe event of the death of either of them, the successor appointed by the sutrvung trustee or trustees, all my estate, both- real and personal, of every nature, and description, for the term of twenty years, in-trust, and for the uses and objects and purposes hereinafter mentioned and expressed, and for the.purpose of enabling-them more fully to carry into effect the provisions of this will, and for no other use, purpose or object; hereby giving and granting unto my said executors and trustees full power and lawful authority to lease my real estate at such time or times, and in such parcels, and in such way and manner and upon such terms and conditions as to my said executors and trustees, or the survivors or successors, of them, in their sound discretion shall be deemed most advantageous and for the true interest of my estate, but no lease shall be granted of any building for a longer term than five years, and all leases shall expire at the end of twenty years from the time of my death. And I do-also hereby authorize and empo-wer my said executors and trustees, and the survivor or survivors of them and their successors, from time to time,

POTTER v. COUCH.
Statement of the Case.
and so much of the facts as is necessary to the understanding of the questions of law decided was as follows
as they in the exercise of a sound discretion shall deem for the true interest of the estate, to purchase with the surplus funds belonging to my estate such real estate as they may deem proper and expedient, and take and hold the same as such executors and trustees as aforesaid, upon the same trusts and for the same uses and purposes as the other real estate now owned by me; and more especially to purchase for the benefit and use of my estate, when they, my said executors and trustees, or the survivors and survivor of them or successors, shall think it expedient so to do, any real estate which is or may be.subject to any such judgment, decree or mortgage as is or at any time hereafter may'become a lien, charge or incumbrance for my benefit or for the benefit of my heirs or executors upon the same, and, again, that my said executors and trustees have the like discretion to lease the same. And I do hereby authorize my said executors and trustees, if they shall think proper so to do, to loan on real estate situate in the city of Chicago any of the surplus moneys, arising from my said estate as aforesaid, on bond and mortgage; provided always that such real estate shall be worth double the amount so loaned thereon, over and above any other liens and incumbrances existing against the same, and that such moneys shall not be loaned for a longer period than twenty years from my decease.
"And generally I do hereby fully authorize and empower my said executors and trustees,. from time to time, to improve my real estate, and invest all surplus moneys belonging to my estate, arising from any source whatever, and not wanted immediately, or required to meet the payments and advances, legacies, annuities and charges, required to be made under this my said will, in such way and manner as to them my said executors and trustees, or the survivor or successors of them, in the exercise of a sound discretion shall be deemed most safe and productive; but no moneys are to be'invested, except in improving my real estate, or in the purchase of other real estate, or on bond and mortgage as aforesaid. And I direct that my executors or trustees or their successors shall not purchase or improve by building upon any real estate after the expiration of sixteen years from my decease.
"Relying on the fidelity and prudence of my said executors and trustees ifi executing the various trusts to them given and confided in and by this my last will and testament, my executors are authorized to mortgage my real estate to improve by building on the same, only in the event of the destruction of some of my buildings by the elements, and then only to supply other buildings in the place of those destroyed.
"It is my will that all my just debts and the charges of funeral expenses be paid and discharged by my executors, as hereinafter named and appointed, out of my estate, as soon as conveniently may be after m decease, and the said debts become due; and I leave the charge of my funeral expenses to the discretion of my-said executors.

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Statement of the Case.
It was contended by some of the parties that the real estate devised by this will was owned jointly by the testator and his
"Second. I give, devise and bequeath to my beloved wife Caroline Elizabeth Couch, after the expiration of the trust estate vested in my executors and trustees for the term of twenty years after my decease, one -fourth part of all my estate, both real and personal, after the payment of all my debts, funeral expenses and the legacies in this will mentioned, which are hereby made a charge on said real estate, which part is to be acicepted by my said wife and received by her in lieu of dower.
"Third. I give, devise and bequeath unto my beloved daughter Caroline Elizabeth Couch, after the expiration of the trust estate so vested as aforesaid, one fourth part of all my estate, -both real and personal, after the payment of lll my debts, funeral expenses and the legacies in this will mentioned.
"Fourth. I give, devise and bequeath unto my brother James Couch, after the expiration of the trust estate so vested as aforesaid, one -fourth part of all my estate, both real and personal, after the payment of all my debts, funeral eq enges and the legacies in this will mentioned.
"Fifth. I give, devise and bequeath unto my nephew Ira Couch, son of my brother James, after the expiration of 'the trust estate so vested as aforesaid, the remaining one fourth part of all my estate, both real and personal, after the payment of all my'just debts, funeral expenses and the legacies in this will mentioned.
" Sixth. I hereby will and direct that the said legacies hereinafter mentioned shall be charged on my real estate, to be paid out of the rents and profits thereof as hereinafter directed."
By the seventh and eighth clauses, the testator gave annuities for life to his sister Rachel and to his mother-in-law, and by the ninth clause an annuity to a brother-in-law who died before him.
"Tenth. I give and bequeath to 'mywife Caroline Elizabeth Couch, for the support of herself and daughter, from the rents of my relA estate, the zum of ten thousand dollars a year until all the debts due by me are paid by my executors, and after my executors have 'paid such debts I give and bequeath to her for the same purpose fifteen thousand dollars a year, to be paid quarterly to her until my daughter becomes of age or is married, when my daughter may draw one fourth of all the net rents and profits, after payment of all expenses, taxes, repairs, legacies, annuities and other charges on my said estate and my wife-m-ay draw ten thousand dollars a year until my nephew Ira Couch attains his majority, when she shall draw one fourth of all the net rents atid profits, after paying all expenses, taxes, repairs, legacies, annuities and other charges as aforesaid.
":Eleventh. I give and bequeath to my brother James Couch, for the support of himself and family; from the rents of my real estate, the sumof ten thousand dollars a year, to be paid quarterly until all the debts due by ne are paid by my executors, and after suc4 debts due by me are paid I

POTTER v. COUCH.
Statement of the Case.
brother James. But upon the whole evidence.it clearly appeared that, although James lived with the testator and helped
give to him for the same purpose fifteen thousand dollars a year, to be paid quarterly to him until my nephew Ira Couch attains his majority, after which time I give to my brother James Couch one fourth part of all the net rents, income and profits of my estate, to be paid him by my executors quarterly until the final division of my estate, which shall take place at the end of twenty years after my decease, and not sooner."
By the twelfth and thirteenth clauses, he gave legacies to children of a deceased brother, and of his sister Rachel.
"Sixteenth. I will and direct that no part of my estate, neither the real nor the personal, shall be sold, mortgaged (except for building) or in any manner incumbered, until the end of twenty years from and after my decease, when it may be divided or sold for the purposes of making a division between my devisees as herein directed.
"Seventeenth. It is my will that any and all real estate which may here-, after be purchased by me shall be disposed of, and is hereby devised, in the same manner and to the same persons as if owned by me at the time of making this my last will and testament.
"Eighteenth. In the event of kny of the legatees or annuitants being alive at the end of twenty years after my decease, it is my will and I hereby direct that there shall be a division of all my estate, both real and personal, at the end of said twenty years, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and in such case my executors, in making division of the said estate, shall apportion each legacy or annuity on the estate assigned to my devisees, who are hereby charged with the payment of the same accord Ing to the apportionment of my said executors.
"Nineteenth. It is my will that my trustees .aforesaid shall pay the several gifts, legacies, annities and charges 'herein to the persons named in this will, and that no creditors or assignees or purchasers shall be entitled to any part of the bounty or bounties intended to be given by me herein for the personal advantage of the persons named; and therefore it is my will that, if either of the devisees or legatees named in my will shall in any way or manner cease to be personally entitled to the legacy or devise made by me for his or her benefit, the- share intended for such -devisee or legatee shall go to his or her children, m the sape manner as if such child or children-had actually inherited the same, and, in the event of such person or persons having no children, then to my daughter and'her heirs.
"Twentieth.. It is my will that the estate, both real and personal, hereby devised and bequeathed to-my daughter Caroline Elizabeth, shall be vested in trustees to be chosen by herself and ny trustees herein named, before her marriage; and said trustees shall be three in number, to whom all her estate, both real and personal, shall be conveyed at the expiration of twenty years, the time herembefore specified for the termination of the estate of my trustees herein, to such trustees so to be appointed as aforesaid, and it

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Statement of the Case.
him in his business, they were not partners, and, as James knew, all the real estate was bought and paid for by the testator out of his own money, and the deeds were taken in his name. The property belonged to the testator, and James .had no title in it, legal or equitable, except under the will.
Caroline E. Couch, the testator's daughter, was married January 28, 1867, to George B. Johnson, having before her marriage, and by indenture with the trustees named in the
is my will that the estate, both real and personal, heein devised and bequeathed for the benefit of my daughter,' shall be held by such trustees for her sole and only use and benefit, and that the same shall not in any manner be subject to the marital rights of any future husband my daughter may have, and that V1I moneys shall be paid. by such trustees to my daughter personally, and to no other person for her, except upon her written order or assent; and it i mV will t.iat her said trustees pay to her (uring her life the entire net mpome of ttie estate, bth real and personal, herein devised and bequeathed to my claughtet, aftet the same shall have been conveyed to her-trustees by my executors 'and trustees or 'their successors; and after the death of my said daughter I dire6t that 'the said estate, both real and personal, shall be conveyed to the children of my daughter, and, in the event of her having no children, to such person as my daughter may direct by her last will and testament. I
"Txenty-first. It is my wish also that William H. Wood, my executor and trustee, shall be charged with and take upon himself the collection of all rents accruing to my estate, and that he shall continue to perform the same during the period of twenty years after my decease; and for the pergormance of this service and other services, and for his general care and supervision of the affairs of my estate, I hereby direct-that the sum of two thousand dollars per annum shall be paid to him, but in the event of his decease before entering itpon said duties, or before the twenty years aforesaid shall expire, or shall decline to act as in this section provided, I hereby authorize and direct my said trustees to appoint some other person to act in his stead in collecting sid rents and performing the other duties as above specified,,and to pay him the same-compensation therefor which said Wood would have had.
'" Twenty-second. And in the event of the marriage of my said wife after my decease it is my will and I hereby authorize and direct my said trustees and executors to payover to my said wife, and to no other person, the-rents, annuities, legacies and other income herein bequeathed to my said wife, and to take her separate receipts therefor; and it is my will that my said trustees and their successors in such case hold the same, subject to her order, in trust for my said wife, so that said property so devised and bequeathed to her as aforesaid can m no event be subject to the marital rights of such husband."

POTTER v. COUCH.
Statement of the Case.
will, appointed them to be trustees for the benefit of herself and her children, under the twentieth clause of the will. Three children of this marriage were born before 1877.
The testator left real estate, worth about $1,000,000, consisting of nine lots of land in the heart of the city of Chicago, on two of which stood the Tremont House; and left personal property to the amount of $11,000, and owed debts amounting to $112,000, besides unpaid taxes on real estate. The trustees under the will, Wood collecting the rents and having the principal management, improved the real estate, so as to produce a large net income, until the great fire of October, 1871, destroyed all the buildings. In 1872 and 1873, the trustees erected new buildings on the property, at an expense of $1,000,000, of which they borrowed $750,000, on mortgage executed by the trustees, as well as by the widow, James, Ira, and the daughter and her husband, individually, of all the nine lots, payable November 1, 1877, with yearly interest at eight per cent.
On the completion of the new Tremont House, the trustees being unable to find any person, not interested in the estate, who would undertake to pay a fair rent and provide the necessary furniture, a lease thereof was made on November 15, 1873, by the widow, James Couch and William H. Wood, as trustees under the will and as trustees of the daughter, and by the widow, James, Ira, and the daughter and her ,husband, individually, for ten years, to James Couch, who agreed to furnish it and carry it on as a hotel, and to pay one tenth of the gross amount of his receipts therefrom until Februarv 1, 1877, to the widow and Wood as joint trustees with himself under the will, and after that date to pay to the widow, to Ira and to the daughter's trustees, three fourths of such tenth, retaining the other fourth himself. James Couch carried on the hotel accordingly, but unsuccessfully, until January 18, 1879, when his lease was terminated, and the hotel was leased to another person.
In December, 1876, the mortgagee agreed with the trustees named in the will to extend the term of payment of the principal of the mortgage debt, and to reduce the rate-of interest,

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Statement of the Case.
provided the whole estate should continue to be managed as before, and Wood should remain in the principal charge and control thereof.
On January 8, 1877, James Couch and wife, the testator's widow, the daughter and her husband, and Ira and his wife, in their individual names, and the widow, James Couch and William H. Wood,,as trustees of the daughter, executed and delivered to Wood a power of attorney, containing these recitals "Whereas by the will of Ira Couch, deceased, all of his estate, both real and personal, was devised and bequeathed to James Couch, Caroline E. Couch and. William H. Wood, in trust for the peribd of twenty years from the time of his death, which period will expire the twenty-eighth day of January, 1877, and, upon the termination of said trust, to the said James Couch, and Caroline E. Couch, and to Ira Couch, son of said James Couch, and Caroline E. Johnson, daughter of said testator, and now the wife of George B. Johnson, one fourth thereof to each of said devisees." "And whereas the said Caroline E. Johnson did, prior to her marriage and pursuant to the provisions of said will, by her deed of trust, appoint the said James Couch, Caroline E. Couch and William H. Wood -trustees of all her share and interest in said estate; and whereas, by reason of the destruction of the buildings belonging to said estate, and situate upon said lands, by fire, the said trustees under said will have, as such trustees, incurred a large indebtedness in rebuilding the same, and for other purposes beneficial to said estate, and which indebtedness is a lien or incumbrance thereon, and whereas it is deemed advantageous to the undersigned devisees as aforesaid, as well as to the creditors of said estate, that the same should, from the time of the expiration of the said period-of twenty years, be managed as a whole, by some person appointed and agreed upon by the parties interested, to the end that sales of said estate, or parts thereof, may be made from time to time to meet the said indebtedness, that said estate may in the meantime be kept rented, and the income therefrom applied to the payment of the interest on indebtedness, the taxes, premiums on insurance, and the expenses for repairs, and for the management of the estate." Tins power accordingly

POTTER v. COUCH.
Statement of the Case.
authorized Wood, on and after January 28, 1877, to enter upon and take possession of all the real estate devised, to rent it, and to collect the rents, and also all arrears of rent under leases made by the trustees under the will, to pay taxes and assessments, and the interest and principal, of debts- against the estate, and all expenses of repairs, preservation and management thereof, and to borrow- money when necessary for these purposes; and to sell and. convey the whole or any part of the estate whenever and upon such terms as in his judgment should be for the best interest of the constituents, and provided that it should be irrevocable, except that after January 28, 1880, a majority of them, or, on giving six months' notice in writing, any one of them might "revoke this power of attorney and annul this agreement."
By reason of the embarrassment caused by the financial panic of 1873, the real estate depreciated -in value, so that it was worth less than the sum due on the mortgage, and during the years 1876, 1877 and 1878 the income was insufficient t& pay the interest on the mortgage debt, taxes, insurance and expenses. The estate afterwards increased in value until 1884, when the income bad become sufficient to pay annual expenses and interest and a large part of the principal.
The testator's debts, and the legacies given by the twelfth and thirteenth clauses of the will, as well as the annuities t& the testator's sister and to his mother-in-law under the seventh and eighth clauses, were all duly paid before 1877, those annuitants having died before that time. The annuities to his. widow and daughter under the tenth clause were paid until the fire of Odtober, 1871, but were not paid in full afterwards; and his brother James was paid more than his share of 'the income under the eleventh clause.
The estate was never divided by the executors among the devisees of the residue, because of the impossibility of making partition of the most valuable lots, or of selling them, except at a great sacrifice.
On February 15, 18'9, judgments to the amount of $6000 were recovered against James Couch, in a court of the State of Illinois, on debts contracted since January 28, 1877, and execu-
vOL. cxm-20

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Statement of the Case.
tions thereon were forthwith taken out and returned unsatisfied. On February 24, 1879, one Sprague, who recovered two of those judgments, amounting to $1097.85, brought a suit in equity in that court, upon which a receiver was appointed, to whom, by order of that court, on March 29, 1879, James Couch executed a deed of all property, equitable interests, things in action, and effects, belonging to him. In 1881 and 1882, James Couch's undivided fourth of the real estate devised was levied on and sold by the sheriff on plurmes executions issued on Sprague's judgments at law
On May 10, 1879, one Brown, as trustee for Howard Potter, recovered judgment in the Circuit Court of the United States against James Couch for $15,038.92 on a debt contracted in 1874, and, in 1881, caused an alias execution thereon to be levied on the same undivided fourth, and purchased the same at the marshal's sale on execution.
On February 9, 1881, James Conch and Elizabeth G. Couch, his wife, executed a deed of all their interest in that fourth to William E. Hale, expressed to be for a nominal consideration, but the real consideration for which was a contemporaneous agreement between the wife and Hale, by which Hale agreed to buy up the judgments existing against James Couch, and to sell the interests conveyed to him by the deed, and, after reimbursing himself for his exp'nses, to pay one half of the proceeds to her, and hold the other half to his own use. Hale bought up the judgments recovered February 15. 1879, being about one third of the judgments against Couch, as well as the title under the sheriff's sale aforesaid, but on November 16, 1882, sold them again to Potter, and never bought up any of Potter's claims, or paid anything to Elizabeth G. Couch.
Ira Couch, the testator's nephew, came of age January 9, 1869, and never had any children. "His interest in the estate of the testator was conyeyed by him, being insolvent, on January 29, 1877, to one Dupee, as trustee for his creditors, with authority to sell at private sale, by Dupee on November 26, 1881, to one Everett, in consideration of the sum of $1000 paid by Elizabeth' G. Couch, mother of Ira, by Everett on November 28, 1881, to herj and by her, on February 28, 1886, back to Ira.

POTTER v. COUCH.
Statement of the Case.
On March 9, 1885, Caroline E. Johnson, the testator's daughter, conveyed to her husband all right, title and interest she might or could have in real estate under the nineteenth clause of the will. On July 5, 1885, she died, leaving her husband and thr~e children surviving her.
On July 14, 1884, James Couch, Caroline E. Couch and William H. Wood, being the executors and trustees, and the first two of them devisees named in the will, filed a bill in equity in the state court to obtain a construction thereof, to which Caroline E. Johnson and her husband and children, Elizabeth G. Couch, Potter, Hale, Ira Couch, the judgment' Qreditors of James Couch and the receiver appointed in Sprague's suit in equity, were made parties.
On August 4, 1884, Potter filed in the Circuit' Court of the United States a bill for partition of the real estate of the te2 tator, making all other parties interested defendants. On October 23, 1884, the bill for the construction of the will, and on May 15, 1885, the bill of Sprague, were removed into that. court. On August 3, 1885, these three causes were consolidated by order of the court, and on November 18, 1887, after the various parties had. filed answers stating their claims, it was ordered that each answer might be taken and considered as a cross bill.
No question was made as to the share devised to the wife by the second clause, or as to the share devised to the daughter and her children by the third and the twentieth clauses of the will.
The claims of the various parties- to the shares devised to -the testator's brother J'ames by the fourth clause and to the testator's nephew Ira by the.fifth clause, were as follows
Potter claimed the share of James under the judgments and the sales on execution against him.
Hale claimed the same share under the deed to .hm from James and. wife.
James claimed his share under the fourth clause of the will. Ira claimed his share under the fifth clause; and also claimed the share of Jardes, on the ground that, by reagon of the alienations thereof tp Potter and to Hale, the devise ever-in the nineteenth clause:.to his children took effect.

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Counsel for Parties.
The daughter's husband and her children respectively claimed the shares of both James and Ira, contending that, by reason of the alienations thereof, they vested, under the ultimate devise over in the nineteenth clause, in the daughter and her heirs, the husband claiming under his wife's deed to him, and the children claiming under the twentieth clause of the will, by reason of her death.
By the decree, it was declared that the devised estate vested at the expiration of twenty years from the testator's death, one fourth in fee in the widow, one fourth in fee in James, one fourth in fee in Ira, and the remaining fourth in the daughter for life, with remainder in fee to her children, and the claims of Potter, of Hale, and of the daughter's husband and children, to the shares of James and of Ira, and of Ira to the share of James, were disallowed. Potter, Hale, the daughter's husband and her children, respectively appealed from the disallowance of their claims, and James Couch appealed from so much of the decree as declared that, the legal title under the residuary devises vested at the expiration of twenty years from the testator's death. The five appeals were submitted together on printed briefs and arguments.
.M" 1enry B. .ason for Potter.
.Ar .MonroeL. Tillardfor Hale.
Ar D. . Tenney for George B. Johnson, husband of Caroline E. Johnson.
. C7harles H. Aldrwh for Mrs. Johnson' children.
Mr&John S. Cooper and Mr Jon G Rezd for James Couch and Elizabeth G. Couch.
.Mr"Chales H. Wood for Ira Couch, son of James.
.Y- Wihiam H. Wood .and .Mr' C. Beckwith for the r
trustees.

POTTER . COUCH.
Opinion of the Court.
MEn. JUSTICE, GiA-Y, after stating the case as above, delivered the opinion of the court.
The matters in controversy concern those shares only of Ira Couch's real estate, which he devised to his brother James and to his nephew Ira, the son of James.
1. In order to ascertain the nature and the time of vesting of their interests it is important in the first place to determine the extent and duration of the trust estate- of the executors and trustees named in the will. bearing in mind the settled rule that whether trustees take an estate in fee depends upon the requirements of the trust, and not upon the insertion of words of inheritance. Doe v Cons.zdine, 6 Wall. 458, Young v. Bradley, 101 U. S. 782,. Zirk and v Cox, 94 Illinois, 400.
In the first clause of the will, the testator appoints his wife, his brother James and his brother-in-law Wood "executors and trustees" of his will, and devises and -bequeathes to them a- his estate, real and personal, "for the term of twenty years, in trust, and for the uses and objects and purposes hereinafter mentioned and expressed, an for the purpose of enabling them more fully to carry into effect the.provisions of this will, and for no other use, purpose or object," authorizes them to lease his real estate at their discretion, and, out of any surplus funds, to improve his real estate, to purchase other real estate to be held upon the same trusts, and to lend money on bond and mortgage, but, in order that their doings may not create any obstacle .to the division of his real estate at the end of the twenty years, provides that they shall not make leases, or lend money on mortgage, beyond twenty years, or purchase, or improve by building, after sixteen years from his death, and he also authorizes them to mortgage real. estate for the purpose of rebuilding in case of destruction by the elements.
In the next four clauses, he devises and bequeaths to his widow, daughter, brother and nephew, respectively, "after the expiration of the trust estg.te vested in my executors and trustees for the term of twenty years after my decease," one fourth part of all his estate, both real and-personal, after payment of

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
debts and legacies, which he charges upon the real estate. In the eleventh clause, he directs his executors to pay to his brother a certain part of the income "until the final division of my estate, which shall take place at the end of twenty years after my decease, and not sooner." And in the twenty-first clause he declares his wish that Wood shall collect the rents and have the general care and supervision of the affairs of the estate during the same period.
These provisions, had the testator said nothing more upon the subject, might have been construed as assuming or implying that the trust estate was to terminate at the end of twenty years from the testator's death, without any act or conveyance on the part of the trustees. But the will contains other provisions concerning the powers and duties of the trustees, which are wholly inconsistent with such a conclusion.
The sixteenth clause is as follows "I will and direct that no part of my estate, neither the real nor the personal, shall be sold, mortgaged (except -for building) or in any manner incumbered, until the end of twenty years from and after my decease, when it may be divided or sold for the purposes of making a division between my devisees as herein directed." The very object of this clause is to define when and for what purposes the trustees may mortgage or may sell the real estate. Before the end of twenty years, it is neither to b; mortgaged (except for building, as allowed in the first clause) nor to bet sold. At the end of the twenty years, all authority to mortgage it is to cease, but "it may be divided or sold for the purposes of making a division between my devisees as nerein directed." This division or sale (like all sales or mortgages spoken of in this clause) is evidently one to be made by the trustees, under authority derived from the testator, and while the legal title remains int-hem, not a judicial division or sale for the purpose of partition, -after the legal title has passed to the residuary devisees.
Again, in the eighteenth clatise, the testator directs that, in the event of any of the legatees or annuitants being alive at thQ end of twenty years after his death, there shall be a division of all his estate at that time; "anything herein contained

POTTER v. COUCH.
Opinim of the Court.
to the contrary notwithstanding';" and that "in subh casa.py executors, in making division of the said estate, shall apportion each legacy or annuity-on the estate assigned to my devisees, who are hereby charged with the payment of .the sameaccording to the apportionment of my said executors." Thisclause puts beyond doubt the intention of the. testator, not. only that the division of his estate, and the assignment and conveyance of the several shares to each devisee, shall be made by his executors, but that the question which share shall be charged with the payment of any legacy or annuity shall depend upon the act of the executors in making the division among the devisees.
Although, at the expiration of twenty years from the testator's death, all the legacies and annuities to others than the residuary devisees had in fact been paid, yet the duty still remained in the executors and trustees to make a division,-by sale if necessary Under the circumstances of -this case, it was impracticable to. make the division, either by the partition, of the lands themselves, or by selling them and distributing the proceeds, immediately upon the expiration of- the twenty years, and until a division was made, in one form or the othef, by the-.executors and trustees, the legal title -must remain in them. The. sale and conveyance by them, Whether directly to the. residuary deviseqs, or to third persons for the. purpose of paying the proceeds to those devisees, wa-" not "in the exercise of a power over an estate vested in other persons, but was for the purpose of terminating an estate vested in the executors and trustees themselves, by conveyingit to others.
The twentieth clause, by which the daughter's share, in case of her marriage, is to be conveyed at ther expiraton of the twenty years by the trusteea named in the will to trustees for the benefit of herself and her children, and the twenty-second clause, by which the share of the widow, in case of her marrying again, is to be held by the executors and trustees in trust for her, are also worthy of notice in this connection, although thpy might not, standing alone, affect the time of vesting of the legal title in the shares of the brother and the nephew. Wellford'v Snyder, 131 U. S. 521.

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
There can be no doubt that all the powers conferred, and all the trusts imposed, were annexed to the office of executors, and not to a distinct office of trustees. And, taking the whole will together, it is quite clear that the legal title of the executors and trustees did not absolutely terminate upon the expiration of twenty years from the death of the testator, because it was necessary, for the purpose of enabling them to execute the trusts -and to carry out the provision8 of the will, that the legal title should be and continue in them until they had, by sale or otherwise, settled the estate, and conveyed to the devisees severally their shares in the estate or its proceeds. The testator doubtless intended that after the expiration of the twenty years the estate:should cease to be held and managed by his executors and trustees as a whole, and should be divided into four parts to be held in severalty by or for his residuary devisees. But he intended, and expressly provided, that the division should be made by his executors and trustees, and therefore their trust estate could not terminate until they had made the division and conveyed the shares. McArthur v Scott, 113 U. S. 340, 377, R'irkland v Cox, 94 Illinois, 400; Perry on Trusts,
§§ 305, 315, 320. Whether, in case of unreasonable delay on
their part to make the division, a court of equity might have compelled them to do so, is a question not presented by this record.
The decision of the Supreme Court of Illinois in Eirkland v Cox, above cited, is much in point. In that case, the testator devised and bequeathed all his estate, real and personal, to trustees, to control and manage it, and to make such disposition of it as should in their judgment increase its value, to pay to his daughter such instalments as they should deem sufficient for he, support until she reached the age of thirty-five years, and then to convey the estate to her in fee, authorizing them, how-ever, if she should be then. married to a man whom they thought unworthy, to continue to hold the title in trust during his life, and further providing that, if she died without issue, the whole estate, after paying certain legacies, should "be divided equally between" three charitable corporations. It was held that the powers conferred on the trustees implied

POTTERI v. COUCH.
Opinion of the Court.
a power- to sell the lands and convert them into money or interest-bearing securities; and, therefore, that the trustees took and held the title in fee simple, notwithstanding the death of the daughter before reaching the age of thirty-five years, the court saying" "The power implied to sell is to sell the whole title -and to this is essential the power to convey that title, requiring, as a condition precedent, a fee simple estate in the trustees. The property is devised to the trustees to sell and convey if they deem it advisable, or to hold and control until it is to be transferred as directed, and in the contingency that has arisen, it was intended that it should be the duty of the trustees to make the equal division of the property between the corporations designated and convey it accordingly- for the grant to these corporations is in severalty, and not as tenants in common, and their title must necessarily rest on. the conveyance of the trustees." 94 Illinois, 415.
The cases cited against this conclusion differ widely from the case at bar. The two most relied on were .Minors v. Battison, 1 App. Cas. 428, in which the facts were very peculiar, and there was much diversity of opinion among the judges before whom it was successively brought, and .fanwe v .anzce, 43 N. Y 303, in which the construction adopted was the only one consistent with the validity of the will under the statutes of New York.
2. From this view of the nature and dhration of the estate of the 'trustees, it necessarily follows that by the terms of the fourth and fifth clauses of the will, devising and bequeathing to the testator's brother and nephew, respectively, "after the 'expiration of the trust estate vested in my executors and trustees," "one fourth part of all my estate, both real and personal," (after the payment of debts and legacies, which he charged upon the real estate,) no legal title in any specific pat of the estate, and no right of possession, vested in either of them, until the trustees had divided the estate and conveyed to each of them one fourth of the estate. or of the proceeds of its sale, but, on well settled principles, an equitable estate in fee in one fourth of the residue of the testator's whole property vested in the brother and in the nephew respectively from the death of

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
the testator. Crojley v Cooper, 19 Wall. 167, MkcArthur v. Scott, 113 U. S. 340, 378, 380, Phtpps v. Ackers, 9 Cl. & Fin. 583, Westonr v. Weston, 125 Mass. 268, -Vicoll v Scott, 99 Illinois, 529, Scojield v. Olcott, 120 Illinois, 362.
To the suggestion that the will violated the rule against -perpetuities, which prohibits the tying up of property beyond a life or lives in being and twenty-one years afterwards, it is a sufficient answer that after twenty years from the death of the testator, and after the death of the widow and daughter, (if not before,) the title, legal and equitable, in the whole estate would be vested in persons capable of conveying it. Waldo v. Cummings, 45 Illinois, 421, Lunt v Lunt, 108 Illinois, 307.
3. Nor is the estate of the residuary devisees affected by the nineteenth clause of the will, which is in these words: "It is my will that my trustees aforesaid shall pay the several gifts, legacies, annuities and charges herein to the persons named in this will, and that no creditors or assignees or purchasers shall, be entitled to any part of the bounty or bounties intended to be given by me herein for the personal advantage of the persons named, and therefore it is my will that, if either of the devisees or legatees named in my will shall in any way or manner cease to be personally entitled to the legacy or devise *made by me for his or her benefit, the share intended for such devisee or legatee shall go to his or her children, in the same manner as if such child or children had actually inherited the same, and, in the event of such person or persons having no children, then to my daughter and her heirs."
The devise over in this clause cannot, indeed, by reason of the'words "gifts; legacies, annuities and charges," and "bounty or bounties," in the preamble, be confined to the legacies and annuitieg given by the testator and charged on his real estate by clauses six to thirteen inclusive, and by/clause eighteen. So to hold would be utterly td disregard the comprehensive and decisive words, "devisees or legatees," "legacy. or devise," and "share intended for such devisee or legatee," by which the testator clearly manifests his intention that the devise over,shall attach to the shares of his reol estate devised

POTTER v. COUCH.
Opinion of the Court.
to his widow, daughter, brother and nephew, respectiveiy, by clauses two, three, four and five, except so far as its effect upon the shares of the daughter and the widow may be modified by the trusts created for their benefit by clauses twenty and twenty-two.
The testator having declared his will that the devises of the shares shall be "for the personal advantage of" the devieees, and that "no creditors or assignees or purchasers shall be entitled to any part," and having directed the devise over to take effect "if either of the devisees shall in any way or manner cease to be. personally entitled to the devise made for his benefit," the devise over of the shares of the brother and the nephew, if valid, would take effect upon any alienation by the first devisee, whether voluntary .or involuntary, by sale and conveyance, by levy of execution, by adjudication of bankruptcy, or otherwise, or, at least, upon any such alienation before his vested equitable estate became a legal estate after the expiration of the twenty years.
But the right of alienation is an inherent and inseparable quality of an estate in fee simple. In a devise of land in fee simple, therefore, a condition against all alienation is void, because repugnant to the estate detised. Lit. § 360, Co. Lit. 206 b, 223 a, 4 Kent Com. 131, MeD'onogh v ._urdock, 15 How 367, 37a, 375, 412. For the same reason, a limitation over, in case the first devisee shall alien, is equally void, whether the estate be legal or equitable. Howard v Carust, 109 U. S. 725, Ware v Cann, 10 B. & C. 433, Shaw v Ford, 7 Ch. D. 669; 14 re Dugdale, 38 Ch. D. 176, Corbett v Corbett, 13 P D. 136, Steih v Whztehead, 111 Illinois, 247, 2§1, .Kelley v Hemzs, 13r Mass. 231, and cases there -cited. And on principle, and according to the weight of authority, a restrictiQn, whether by way of condition or of devise over, not forbidding alienation to particular persons or for particular purposes only, but against any and all alienation whatever during a limited time, of an estate in fee, is likewise void, as repugnant to the estate devised to the first taker, by depriving him during that time of the inherent power of alienation. Roosevelt v Thurman, 1 Johns. Ch. 220, .3landlebaum v. 2foDonell, 29 Michigan,

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
77, Anderson v Cary,36 Ohio St. 506, Twitty v Camp,Phil. Eq. (No. Car.) 61, in. re Posher,26 Ch.D. 801.
The cases most relied on, as tending to support a different conclusion, are two decisions of this court, not upon devises of real estate, but upon peculiar bequests of slaves, at times and places at which they were considered personal property Smith v. Bell, 6 Pet. 68, lliams v. Ash, 1 How 1.
In Smith v. Bell, the general doctrine was not denied, and the decision turned upon the construction of the words of a will by which a Virginia testator bequeathed all his personal estate (consisting mostly of slaves) to his wife "to and for her own. use and benefit and disposal absolutely; the remainder of said estate, after her decease, to be for the use of" his son. This was held to give the son a vested remainder, upon grounds summed up in two passages of the opinion, delivered by Chief Justice Marshall, as follows "The limitation in remainder shows that, in the opinion of the testator, the previous words bad given only an estate for life. This was the sense in which he used them." 6 Pet. 76. "The limitation to the son on the death of the wife restrains and limits the, preceding words so'as to confine the power of absolute disposition, which they purport to confer of the slaves, to such a disposition of them as may be made by a person having only a life estate in them." 6 Pet. 81.
In Williams v Ash, a Maryland testatrix bequeathed to her nephew all her negro slaves, naming them, "provided he shall not carry them out of the State of Maryland, or sell them to any one, in either of which events I will and devise the said negroes to be free for life." One of the slaves was sold by the. nephew; and, upon petition against the purchaser, was adjudged to 13e free. As stated by Chief Justice Taney, in delivering the opinion of the court, and recognrzed in the statute of Maryland of 1809, c, 171, therein cited, "By the laws of Maryland, as they stood at the date of this will, and at the time of the death of the testatrix, any person might, by deed", or last will and testament, declare his slave to be free after any given period of service, or at any particular age, or upon the performance of any condition, or on the eVent of any con-

POTTER v. COUCH.
Opinion of the Court.
tingency" 1 How 13, 3 Kilty's Laws. The condition or contingency, forbidding the slaves to be sold or carried out of the State, was, as applied to that peculiar kind of property, a humane and reasonable one. The decision really turned upon the local law, and appears to have been so understood by the Court of Appeals of the State in Steuart v Williams, 3 Maryland, 425. Chief Justice Taney, indeed, going beyond what was needful for the ascertainment of the rights of the parties, added "But if, instead of giving freedom to the slave, he had been bequeathed to some third person, in the event of his being sold or removed out of the State by the first taker, it is evident upon common law principles that the limitation over would have been good," citing Doe v Hawke, 2 East, 481. But the case cited concerned an assignment of a leasehold interestonly, and turned upon the construction of its particular words, no question of the validity of the restriction upon alienation being suggested by counsel or considered by the court, and the dictum of Chief Justice Taney, if applied to a conditional limitation to take effect on any and all alienation, and attached to.a bequest of the entire interest, legal or equitable, even 11 personalty, is clearly contrary to the authorities. Bradley v Pezxoto, 3 Yes. Jr.324, S. C.Tudor's Leading Cases on Prop erty (3d ed.) 968, and note, In re Dugdale, 38 Ch. D. 176 Corbett v Corbett, 13 P D. 136, Steib v. Whdelead, 111 Ill 247, 251, Lovett v. Gillender, 35 N. Y 617.
Th 8 case at bar presents noe question of the validity of a proviso that income bequeathed to a person for life shall not be liable for his debts, such as was discussed in Nichols v Levy, 5 Wall. 433, in _Nick-ol v Eaton, 91 U. S. 71,6, and 'in Spbndle v S reve, 111 U. S. 542. In Steib v WkTeheai, above cited, the Supreme Court of Illinois, while upholding the validity of such a proviso, said. "We fully recognize the general proposition .that one cannot make an absolute gift or other disposition of property, particularly an estate in fee, and yet at the same time impose such restrictions and limitations upon its use and enjoyment as to defeat the object of the gift itself, for that would be, in effect, to give and not to give, in the same breath. Nor do we at all question the general prin-

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
ciple that, upon the absolute transfer of an estate, the grantor cannot, by any restrictions or limitations contained in the instrument of transfer, defeat or annul the legal consequences which the law annexes to the estate thus transferred. If, for instanoe, upon the transfer of an estate in fee, the conveyance should provide that the estate thereby conveyed should not be subject to dower or curtesy, or that it should not descend to the heirs general of the grantee upon his dying intestate, or that the grantee should have no power of disposition over it, the provision, in either of these cases, would clearly be inoperative and void, because the act or thing forbidden is a right or mcident which the law annexes to every estate in fee simple, and to give effect to such provisions would be simply permitting individuals to abrogate- and annul the law of the State by mere private contract. This cannot be done." 111 IUl. 251.
The restraint, sought to be imposed by the nineteenth clause, upon any alienation by the brother or by the nephew of. the share devised to him in fee, being void for repugnancy, it follows that upon such alienation, or upon an attempt to alienate, his estate was not defeated, and no -title passed under the devise over, either to the nephew in the share of the brother, or to the daughter or her children in the share of the brother or of the nephew, and therefore nothing passed by the daughter's deed to her husband.
For the reasons already stated, the appeal of the nephew, Ira Couch, from so much of the decree below, as declared the legal title under the residuary devises to have vested at the expiration of twenty years from the testator's death, is well taken, and the equitable e~tate in fee in one fourtj of the residue of the testator's property, having vested in Ira Couch from the death of the testator, passed by his deed of assignment to Dupee, and by mesne conveyances back to him.
The various alienations of the share of the brother, James Couch, require more consideration.
4. The appellant Potter claims the share of James Co.uch under proceedings against him by his creditors, at law and in equity, the effect of which depends upon the statutes of Illinois.

POTTER v. COUCH.
Opinion of the Court.
As we have already seen, the legal title in fee was vested in the trustees, not under a passive, simple or dry trust, with no duty except To convey to the persons ultimately entitled , but under an active trust, requiring the continuance of the legal title in the trustees to enable them to perform their duties; and until the trustees had divided the property, either by conveying the lands to the residuary devisees, or by selling them and distributing the proceeds among those devisees, James Couch had only an equitable interest in the testator's whole estate, and no title in any specific part of his property, real or personal. Such being the facts, it is quite clear that the trust was not executed, so as to vest the legal title in him, by the statute of uses of Illinois. Hurd's Rev Stat. 1877, c. 30, § 3, -leacham v. Steele, 93 Illinois, 135, Eellogg v Hale, 108 Illinois, 164.
It is equally clear that such an equitable interest was not an estate on which a judgment at law would be a lien, or an execution at law could be levied, under the Illinois statute of judgments and executions, although the term "real estate," as- used in that statute, is declared to include "lands, tenements, bereditaments and all legal and equitable rights and interests therein and thereto." Hurd's Rev Stat. c. 77, §§ 1, 3, 10, Brandies v Cochrane,112 U . 344, Baker v Covenbarger,. 15 Illinois, 103, Thomas v Eckard, 88 Illinois, 593, How~rd v Peavey, 128 Illinois, 430.
By the chancery act of Illinois, "whe n ever an execution shall have been issued against the property of a defendant, on a judgment at law or equity, and shall have been returned unsatisfied, in whole or in part, the party suing out such eiecution may file a bill in chancery against such defendant, and any other person, to compel the discovery of any property, cir thing in action, belonging to the defendant, and of any prop erty, money, or thing in action, due to him, or held in trust for him, and to prevent the transfer of any such property, money or thing in action, or the payment or delivery thereof to the defendant, except when such trust has in good faith been created by, or the fund so held in trust has proceeded, from, some person other than the defendant himself." HKurd's ,Rev. Stat. c. 22, § 49.

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.
Opinion of the Court.
This statute, as has been adjudged by this court, establishes a rule of property) and not of procedure only, and applies to all cases where the creditor, or his representative, is obliged, by the nature of the interest sought to be reached, to resort to a court of equity for relief, as he must do in all cases where the legal title is in trustees, for the purpose of serving the requirements of an active trust, and where, consequently, the creditor has no lien, and can acquire none, at law, but obtains one only by filing a bill in equity for that purpose. The words "in trust," as used in the exception or proviso, cannot have a more restricted meaning than the same words in the enacting clause. Spindle v Shreve, 111 U S. 542, 546, 547, WMliams v. fTkorne, 70 N. Y 270, 277, Hardenbwrgv. Bltr, 3 Stew (30 N. J Eq.) 645, 666.
As the only title of James Couch in the property devised was an equitable interest which could not lawfully have been taken on execution at law against him, and as the trust was an active trust, "in good .faith created by," and "the fund so held in trust proceeded from," the testator, "a person other than the defendant himself," the letter and the spirit of the statute ihke require that this equitable interest should not be charged for his debts.
It follows that neither the judgments and executions at law, nor the suits in equity, against James Couch, gave any lien or title to his creditors, and that the deed from him to a receiver was Wrongly ordered by the state court in which one of the suits was commenced, and was rightly set aside by the Circur, Court since the removal of that suit.
5. The appellant Hale claims the share of James Couch under a deed from him and his wife. The interest conveyed by that deed being an equitable interest only, Hale requires the aid*of a court of equity to perfect his title, and would have to seek it by cross bill, but for the order of the Circuit Court that each answer should be taken as a cross bill. The real consideration of that conveyance was an agreement by which Hale promisedto buy up the existing judgments against James Couch, to sell the interest conveyed by the deed of James and wife, and to pay to the wife one half of the net proceeds. In

POTTER v. COUCH.
Opinion of the Court.
fact, he bought up some of the judgments only, and sold those again, and never performed his agreement in this or any other particular. Consequently, he is not entitled to the affirmative interposition of a court of equity to obtain the interest included in the deed. Towle v. Ambs, 123 Illinois, 410.
6. It remains only to consider the contention that by the instrument of January 8, 1877, the devisees entered into an agreement by which they took the whole estate as tenants in common, and rendered any division unnecessary, and therefore all the duties of the trustees ended, and the legal title vested in the residuary devisees, at the expiration of the twenty years. Undoubtedly, those interested in property held in trust, and ultimately entitled to the entire proceeds, may elect to take the property in its then condition, and to hold it as tenants in common, but the acts showing an intention so to take must be unequivocal, and must be concurred in by all the parties interested. Young v Bradley, 101 U. S. 782, Baker v Cyenbarger, 15 Illinois, 103, Ridgeway v. Underwood, 67 Illinois, 419, 1 Jarman on Wills (4th ed.) 598-602. In the present case, the instrument in question cannot have this effect, for two reasons In the first place, it manifested no intention to alter in any way the existing titles of the residuary devisees, either as being legal or equitable, or as being in severalty or in common, but was simply a power of attorney, the object of which was to continue Wood's management of the estate as a whole, as under the twenty-first clause of the will. In the next place, the instrument was not executed by or in behalf of all the parties in interest, inasmuch as it was not executed by. any one authorized to affect the share devised for the daughter's benefit for life, and to her children or appointees after her death. By the clear terms of the twentieth clause of the will, neither the daughter nor her husband had any authority to do this, and her trustees had no .power over her share until it had been conveyed or set apart to them by the trustees under the will, and if the trustees under the will were duly constituted trustees for her and for her children (which is disputed) they had no greater power m this respect, before the estate was divided, than distinct trustees would have had.
VOL. CXLI-21

322

OCTOBER TERM, 1890.

Opinion of the Court.

The result is, that the decree of the Circuit Court must be affirmed in all respects, except that the declaration therein as to the time when the legal estate of the residuary devisees vested must be modified in accordance with the opinion of this court.
This conclusipn, by which the brother and the nephew take ,the shares origilally d&:ised to them, carries out the intention
f the testator, though probably not by the same steps that he contemplated.
Decree accQrdijigly the appellants z eack apea, except ,ames Couch, to pay onefourth of the costs, tnluding the cost of _prntndg the record.

MR. JTusr;rc BREwER and M . JusTIcE BRowx. took no part in the decision of thiscase.

