DODGE . TULLEYS.
Syllabus.
have adverted. The only ground for serious doubt in respect to the case is, whether the evidence was sufficient in any view of it to sustain the theory that the defendant had by its course of business with the assured led him to believe, and that he, in good faith, believed, that the co-iipany waived, as to him, a strict performance of the conditions as to the payment of dues or.premiums, and whether if the court had given a peremptory. instruction to find for the defendant, the verdict and jud nent would have been disturbed. But we need not consider the case in those aspects; for the defendant assumed that it would be submitted to the jury, and asked instructidns touching the several points on which it relied. It did not ask a peremptory instruction for a verdict in its behalf. It *cannot, therefore, be a ground of reversal that the issues of fact were submitted to the jury. As no error of law was committed to the prejudice of the defendant, the judgment must be
DODGE v. "TULLEYS.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COU'RT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA.
io. 222. Argued and submitted March 22, 23, 1892. -Decided April 11, 1892.
Interest at the rate of 81 per cent in Nebraska is not usurious. The cestui que trust is not a necessary party to a bill by a trustee to fore-
close a mortgage. A loan was made February 1, and the mortgage and notes were dated on and
bore interest from that day; but as there were sundry incumbrances part of the money was retained; one sum applied tQ a payment March 4; another sum March 11; a large proportion of the whole debt was. not remitted to the borrower until June 8; and on the 8th of October a final sum of $3000 was sent to the borrower's agent to pay a judgment of* $2466, which was paid, the agents retaining the balance. On a suit to enforce the lien of the mortgage a decree was entered for the plaintiff with an allowance of $1000 as an attorney's fee. HeZd, (1) That no rebate of interest should be allowed on the payments made
IMarch 4, March 11 and October 8;" (2) That a rebate should be allowed on the remittance of June 8; (3) That thd attorney's fee should be reduced t6 $500.

OCTOBER TERM, 1891.
Statement of the Case.
THE court stated the case as ioliows:
On February 17, 1886, the appellants, residents of Hall County, Nebraska, executed and delivered two instruments, each dated February 1, 1886, and together given for a loan of $10,000. Both instruments conveyed the same lands. The first was in form a trust deed, executed to L. W. Tulleys, 'trustee, to secure payment of a bond of $10,000, given to Clarence K. Hesse, due in five years, with interest at 6- per cent, payable semi-annually. . The second was in form a mortgage to Burnham, Tulleys & Co., -to secure ten notes of $112.50, due respectively at the times the semi-annual interest became due on the $10,000 bond. Burnham, Tulleys & Co. were loan brokers doing business at Council Bluffs, Iowa, and took these notes and this mortgage as payment of their commissions, the notes, with the interest named in the $10,000 bond, making the loan in fact, as was intended, at 83 per cent. Clarence K. Hesse, the obligee in the bond, was in the employ of Burnham, Tulleys & Co. as examiner of lands. He was not the lender, of the money, and was named as obligee simply for convenience in transferring title. Default having been made in the payment of interest, a suit of foreclosure was commenced in the name of L. W. Tulleys, trustee, to which suit the present appellants were the sole defendants. The bill described complainant as "trustee for Cornell University, and for Burnham, Tulleys & Company," and set out two separate causes of action, the first on the trust deed, and the second on the mortgage. In respect to the first, after .alleging the execution of the bond and the trust deed, it averred that Cornell University was the present holder of the bond. With reference to the second, the bill contained this allegation as to complainant's title: "And your orator further shows the court that he is trustee for Burnham, Tulleys & Co., the owners of said* promissory notes and the mortgage deed securing the same, by virtue of the purchase of the "sanie before maturity." It is also alleged that Tulleys was a citizen of Iowa, and the defendants citizens of Nebraska. To this bill a demurrer was filed, by defendants, on the ground,-

iDODGE v. TULLEYS.
Opinion of the Court.
first, of a .want of equity; second, that Cnrnell University and Burnham; Tulleys: & Co. were not made parties; and, third, that a caise of Action in favor of Cornell University-had been improperly joined with one in favor of Burnham, Tulleys & ,Co. This demurrer was overruledi and leave given to answer. Subsequerntly the court held that Cornell 'University ought to be made.a party to the suit, and leave was given' to amend tbe bill by making new parties plaintiff; and thereafter Cornell University and Burnham, Tulleys & Co. appeared and file& what was called an amendment to the bill, but which simply reaffirmed in their behalf the allegations of the original bill. -T.he answer, admitting the execution of the papers, alleged that lesse, the obligee, was a mere nominal 'party, the real lender being Burnham, Tulleys & Co..; and that $S34: of the $10,000 loaned had never been paid to the defendants; and also, pleaded, generally, usury. Proofs were taken, and a decree enteied in favor of the complainants for the full amount claimed, with a thousand dollars allowance for attorney's fees. The defendants appealed to this court:
.Mr. Albert Swartzlander,(with whom was .Ar. C. S..ont-
gomery on the brief,) for appellants.
Xfl'. & tA..A'"ichPherson for appellees, submitted on his brief.
-MR. Jurkson BREwER, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
*Appellants. allege sevbral matters as grounds for reversal. They claim- hat the commission notes represent unlawful interest, or that in any event they should be credited with rebates. Adding the commission notes to the ihterest named in the bond aggregates only 81 per cent on the money actually loaned, and ten per -cent is allowable under the laws of Nebraska. (Comp: Stats. of Nebraska,. p. 483, c. 44, sec. 1.)
The claim of a credit for rebates. springs 'from these facts. The title to the land at the time the loan was contracted for/ and the securities given- was only partly in the defendants.

OCTOBER TERM, 1891.
Opinion of the Court.
One tract of it was school and another railroad land, in respect to which they had only a contract of purchase, and upon which balances were still due to the State and to the railroad company. These were paid by the lender out of the loan, and deeds perfecting title obtained. Then a portion of the loan was handed over to the defendants. Three thousand dollars was. by agreement retained on account of a judgment against the defendant, F. 0. Dodge, which was a lien upon the land, but which had been appealed by him to-the Supreme Court. . After this judgment had been affirmed by that court, it was paid out of the moneys thus retained. Dates and amounts are as follows: The securities are dated February 1, 1886, and call for interest from that time. They were not in 'fat executed until February 17. The amount due the State was $1417.25, and was paid March 4. That due the railroad company, $1388, and paid March 11. On June 8, $4194.75 was sent to defendants; and the judgment, $2466, was paid October 8. On the face of the papers, interest was due from February 1. There was no agreement between the lenders and the borrowers with, respect to a different date for its commencement. The borrower knew the condition of his title, and the fact of a judgment -lien. The moneys due the 'State and the railroad company were paid within a reasonable time, and as soon as title could be obtained from the vendors. In the absence of an express agreement to the contrary it must be assumed that the borrower, knowing that there would be some short delay in making payments and perfecting title, intended and agreed that such delay should work no change as to the time at which interest was to commence to run. The same is true of the $3000 retained by express agreement for the judgment. It cannot be that the lenders were to hold that money without interest, waiting his pleasure in respect to the judgment. The delay was for his accommodation, and at his instance. But with respect-to the moneys given to iim on June 8, ,we think equity requires a rebate of interest on account of the long delay in the matter. When a loan is negotiated, the understanding is that the money is to be paid promptly after the execution of the papers. As the

DODGE v. TULLEYS.
Opinion of the Court.
parties lived in different cities, of course a little time for transfer would be expected, and the perfecting of the title is implied; but there is no excuse for such a long delay as this. The judgment, which was a lien upon the property, justified the lenders in retaining enough money to satisfy it. It was only $2000 in the first instance, and by agreement $3000 was retained in order to cover interest and costs; but the balance of the loan should have been promptly forwarded to the borrower. Because it was not so forwarded, we think the defendants are entitled to a rebate on the amount due to Burnham, Tulleys & Co;, for the interest on the sum withheld during the time it was so withheld, a period of about three months. Eighty-five dollars would be a fair amount to thus credit.
Another claim of appellants is that they had in fact paid all of the interest due at the time -the suit was commenced. It appears that the $3000 retained for the judgment was sent in a. single draft to West & Schlodtfelt, real estate men at Grand Island, through whom the application of defendants had come to Burnham, Tulleys & Co. Out of that they paid the judgment, $2466. The balance, $534, they retained. Why it was retained is not fully disclosed by the testimony. It would seem that they had rendered some services to the borrowers, and an inference is possible that there was a dispute as to the matter of compensation. Be that as it may, aid although West & Schlodtfelt wrongfully retained the money, the burden of this'wrong must be borne by the defendants, and is not chargeable to Burnham, Tulleys & Co., for they sent the money to West & Schlodtfelt upon the written direction of the borrowers; and there is no evidence That West & Schlodtfelt ever paid. the interest, as the defendant, Freeman Dodge, testifies they promised to do.
Another defect claimed is that the citizenship of Hesse, the obligee in the bond, is not alleged; but this is unnecessary. The suit is in the name of Tulleys, trustee, to whom the legal title was conveyed in trust, and who was, therefore, the proper party in whose name to bring suit for foreclosure. It hapiens in this case that there was but one party beneficiary under

OCTOBER TERM, 1891.
Opinion of the Court.
the trust deed; but it often is the case, as in railroad trust deeds, that the beneficiaries are many. But whether one or many, the trustee represents them all, and in his name the litigation is generally and properly carried on. The fact that the beneficiary in a tust deed may be a citizen of the sanhe State as the grantor, would not, if the trustee is a citizen of a different State, defeat the jurisdiction of the Federal court. In any event, the bond being negotiable, the citizenship of the obligee becomes immaterial after transfer of title from him. Kersntan v. TIerges, 112 U. S. 139; School Distritv. Hall,113 U. S. 135. Hesse had, by the allegations of the bill, parted with his interest in the bond, and it was unnecessary to either make him a party or allege his citizenship. It may be that the allegation of the transfer of the mortgage from Burnham, Tulleys & Co. to Tulleys is defective, and perhaps it would have been more correct to have made them parties defendant, and permitted theg to set up their mortgage by cross-bill; but they were by permission of the court -made parties, and with the Cornell University, the present holder of the bond, appeared in the case and asserted their rights and interest in the property. While the proceedings may have been somewhat irregular, yet no objection seems to have been taken to the manner in which this was done.- As all the parties in. interest were parties to the record., and all the facts fully disclosed by the testimony, it would be sacrificing substance to form to set aside the decree because of a mere irregularity in the arrangement of the parties, or the frame of the pleadings. So far as Cornell University is concerned, .its citizenship, if it were necessary, is sufficiently disclosed by the allegation that it is a corporation duly organized under the laws of the State of New York.
The remaining proposition of appellants., is that the court erred in allowing a solicitor's fee of $1000. There is a stipulation in the trust deed for the payment of an attorney's fee of $1000, in case of foreclosure, but such stipulations have been held by the Supreme Court of Nebraska to be unauthorized. Dow v. U dike, 11 Nebraska, 95; Hardy v. .iller, 11 Nebraska, 395. seems that in 1873 an act passed the l.egis-

DODGE v.. TULLEYS.
Opinion -of the Court.
lature of Nebraska, 'expressly authorizing in any written instrufnent 4or the payment of money a stipulation for not exceeding ten per cent as an attorney's fee in cage of 'suit. Neb. Gen. Stats.' 98. -This act was repealed in 1879. Laws of Neb. 1879, p. 78. In the cases 'cited, the Supreme Court of thie State held that by the repeal of the statute the contract' right to recover attorney's fees was taken away. So, as this court follows the decisions of the highest court of the State in such matters- (Bendey v.- Townsend, 109 U. S. 665,) the provision in the trust deed for the payment of $1000 as attorney's fees cannot be regarded as of binding force. But while contract rights are settled by the law of the .State, that law does not determine the procedure of courts of the United States sitting as courts of equity, or the costs which are taxable there, or control the discretion exercised in matters of allowances. Those courts acquire their jurisdiction and powers from another source than the State. There is no statute of Nebraska in respect to the matter. Even if there were one expressly prp-. hibiting courts of equity from making allowances to trustees or their counsel, such prohibition would not control the proceedings in Federal equity courts. They proceed according to the general rules of equity, except so far as such rules are changed. by the legislation of Congress, and while they may enforcespecial equitable rights of parties given by state statutes, (Holland v. ChaZikn, 110 -U. S. 15,) yet their general powers as courts of equity are not determined and cannot be cut off by any state legislation. It is the general rule of equity, that a trustee called upon to discharge any duties in the administering of his trust is entitled to compensation therefor, and included therein is a reasonable allowance for counsel fees. This is constantly enforced in the Federal courts in 'the various railroad foreclosures that have been and are proceeding therein; and this, irrespective of any state legislation. The subject was exhaustively considered by Mr. Justice. Bradley, in the case of Trustee -v. Greenough, 105'U. S. 527. The English and American authorities were fully revievwed; and the power and duty-of the court, to make reasonable. allowances (including counsel fees) to trustees or others acting in that capacity

OCTOBER TERM, 1891.

Statement of the Case.

was affirmed. See, also, Central Railroadv. Pettus, 113 U. S.

116. It is unnecessary to more than refer to these decisions.

In the case before us, a trustee comes into a court of equity

and asks its aid in enabling him to discharge the duties of his

tiust; and, according to the settled law of this court, he is

entitled to an allowance for reasonable counsel fees. But we

think $1000 is too much. Indeed, in the bill of complainant,

the trustee alleges that $500 is a reasonable attorney's fee for

the foreclosure of the trust deed; and we think that under

the circumstances no more should be allowed.

The decree will, therefore, be modified by reducing the

amount found due Burnham, Tulleys & Company to $1094.16,

and the attorney's fee from $1000 to $500. In other respects

the. decree will be affirmed. The appellants will ;recover their

costs in this court.

Affirmed as modified.

NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY ,V. ELLIS.
ERROR TO TnE SUREME COURT OF THE STATE OF WISCONSIN.
No. 1495. Sub'mitted March 28, 1892.- Decided Apri 11, 1892.
A decision by the highest court of a State that a former judgment of the same court in the same case, between the. same parties, upon a demurrer, was res judicata in that action as to the rights of the parties, presents no Federal question for the consideration of this court, and is broad enough 'to maintain the judgment; and this court is therefore without jurisdiction.
TME court stated the case as follows:
Ellis brought his action in the Circuit Court for Douglas County, Wisconsin, against the Northern Pacific Railroad Company, E. L. Johnson, W., H. Sage and Henry W. Bradford, July 1, 1889, to quiet title .to seven lots in the city of Superior, deraigned through one Roberts, to whom. the county

OCTOBER TERM, 1891.
Opinion of the Court.
"WASHINGTONT v. OPIE.
APPEAL FROM THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF WEST VIRGINIA.
No. 282. Argued April 8,11, 1892.-Decided May 2, 1892.
Payments of bonds secured by.a mortgage of real estate in Virginia, made in that State during the civil war to t6ce personal representatives of the mortgagee who had deceased, partly in Confederate notes and partly in Virginia bank notes issued prior to the war, are held to have been made and received in good faith, and the transactions to have been known to the children of the deceased, and to have been accepted and acquiesced in by them for so long a time as to preclude any interference in their behalf by a court of equity.
THE case is stated in the opinion.
-Mr.3Marshall -McCormick and .3fr. R. T. Barton for appellants.
.21r. Robert White for R. L. Opie, John N. Opie and Mary Meade, appellees.
MR. JUSTICE HARLAN delivered the opinion of the court.
Heirome L. Opie, by deed dated January 1, 1856, conveyed to Henry W. Castleman two tracts of land in Jefferson County, then in Virginia, now in West Virginia - one tract containing 596 acres and the other '419 acres -for the price of $41,733.661, of which $10,000 was paid at the time in cash, and for the remainder the grantee gave his bonds, or single bills, bearing interest from date and payable annually; two for $5000 each, payable, respectively, on the first days of January, 1857 and 1858, and six for 83622.271 each, payable respectively on the first days of January, 1859, 1860, 1861, 1862, 1863, and 1864. These bonds were secured by a deed of trust to Robert Y. Conrad, which was duly acknowledged by Castleman and recorded January 2, 1856.
When this transaction occurred both Opie and Castleman

WASHI NGTON v. OPIE.
Opinion of the Court.
resided in Jefferson County. But shortly afterwards Opie removed with his family to Staunton, in Augusta County, Virginia, where he died in June, 1862, leaving him surviving his wife, lannie S. Opie, and four children, the present appellee, H1. L. Opie; Thomas Opie, born in February, 1840; Mary Opie, born January 25, 1842; and John N. Opie, born March 14, 1844. The record does not show the age of the appellee, but he was old enough to have served in the Confederate army during the entire period of the -late civil war. The widow and Thomas Opie qualified as the personal representatives of the decedent.
The bonds maturing in January, 1857, 1858, 1859 and 1860, principal and interest, as well as the interest due on all the others up to January 1, 1861, were paid to Heirome L. Opie in his lifetime; presumably, in lawful money. In the fall of 1862 Castleman paid to his personal representatives the entire amount of the bonds maturing in 1861 and 1862. This payment was made at Staunton in what was known as Confederate treasury notes, which, at the time, constituted the principal, if not the only, circulating medium in that locality, and passed current in the county where Castleman resided. The bonds so paid were surrendered to Castleman.
On the 1st of February, 1863, and 4th of January, 1864, respectively, Castleman paid, through others, to the personal representatives of Opie the full amount of the bonds falling due in those years. The payments were made in what was commonly called Virginia money, that is, Virginia bank nates issued prior to the civil war. Each bond so paid was delivered to Castleman, or to his agent, at the time of payment.
When the last bond, the one maturing in 1864, was paid, the personal representatives of Opie executed and delivered to Castleman's agent, through whom it was paid, a written order addressed to the trustee in the deed of 1856, directing the release of the lien created by that instrument. This order having been presented to the trustee, he made his deed of September 7,1865, (which was duly acknowledged the same day,) referring to the deed of 1856, and the bonds secured by it, and declaring: "And whereas said Castleman hath pro-

OCTOBER TERA", 1891.
Opinion of the Court.
duced to said Conrad the last one of said bonds, paid and cancelled, and also a paper signed by Thomas Opie, administrator, and N. S. Opie, administratrix, of said Heirome L. Opie, (who has deceased,) acknowledging the payment in full of all said purchase-money and requesting a release of said deed of trust: Now, in consideration of the premises, the said Robert Y. Conrad doth release unto the said Henry W. Castleman all his, said Conrad's, claim upon the said tracts of land by virtue of said deed of trust." This deed of release was recorded Feblruary 10, 1871.
The plaintiff, in his deposition, given in his own behalf, referring to the payment of the bonds, said: "I first learned of their payment shortly after they were made. I received my first information from the personal representatives of my father's estate. . . . I know that three of the bonds were paid in Confederate money because Castleman told me so, as did also the personal representatives of my father's estate. The payment made-in 1864 was made by Mr. Sinclair [for Castleman] in Virginia bank notes. I know this because I got a portion of them after the war. . . . The Confederate money paid by Castleman was put into Confederate bonds, which I saw afterwards. The Virginia money was held until after the war and divided between the heirs, but it was worthless, the Virginia banks having all their money in Confederate bonds, and were so compelled by law. Quite a number of bank notes were returned to Castleman by my mother after the war. I saw them mailed to Castleman. The whole was an entire loss to the distributees of my father's estate."
.The present suit was brought by the appellee, H. L. Opie, December 4, 1880, the original defendants being Castleman, Nannie S. Opie, Thomas Opie, John N. Opie and Mary Meade, formerly Mary Opie. Castleman answered, but the bill was taken for confessed as to the other defendants. The executors of Conrad were made parties defendant, and an order recites that they appeared and answered, but the record does not contain their answers.
Subsequently, September 1, 1885, the plaintiff filed a second bill of complaint, stating more fully his cause of action. The

WASHINGTON v: OPIE.
Opinion of the Court.
material allegations of the amended bill are: That the obtaining of said bills or bonds from the personal representatives of Heirome L. Opie was in execution of a fraudtilent scheme upon the part of Castleman to pay them off with "worthless or next to worthless Confederate.money;" that by appealing to the fears of the personal representatives, and by persuasion and with the assistance of one or more persons employed to aid him in executing his fraudulent purposes, he, Castleman, induced them to deliver to him the said bills, and "to receive therefor nothing but said worthless Confederate money to a very large amount -that is, to an amount large enough to cover the total amount of said single bills and interest then unpaid - and passed to said iaunie S. and Thomas such Confederate money at the nominal amount appearing upon the face of the notes;" that nothing was paid by him after the death of his grantor, "except such worthless Confederate money;" that he fraudulently procured the writing signed by the personal representatives, acknowledging the payment of said bills, and requesting the release of the deed of trust; that at the time of said transaction John N. Opie was an infapt; that said deferred payments on the land purchased by Castleman became, by reason of his acts, a total loss to the estate of Heirome L. Opie; that the personal representatives have never made a settlement of their accounts, nor accounted to the distributees of the estate for any part of said unpaid purchase-money or bonds; that the estate was entirely solvent; and that the plaintiff many years ago removed to Kentucky, and did not know until recently of the release of the deed of trust, and could not have had constructive notice of it until February 10, 1871, and in fact did not until recently before this suit know of it, or of the condition of affairs connected with the bonds given by Castleman. The bill also alleges: ."Your orator knows that even if he could do so it would be wrong for him to make said Nlannie S. and Thomas Opie responsible for said unpaid purchase-money bonds under the circumstances of the case, for he feels perfectly satisfied that they were deceived and defrauded by said Castleman in the premises. But he does charge that they had no right to

OCTOBER TERM, 1891.
Opinion of the Court.
receive said Confederate money in payment of said bonds or otherwise for them or to give up said bonds to said Castleman, and said Castleman has no right to have them or treat them. as paid. Said Castleman has since his said purchasd all the while been possessed of and enjoyed the said valuable property for which he has not honestly paid, and so much of said purchase-money as was not paid dollar for dollar by said Castleman has been thus far a total loss to the estate of said Heirome L. Opie and his heirs at law."
The principal relief asked was that Castleman be required to pay "in good, lawful money so much of said purchasemoney, single bills and interest thereon, as has not been paid in good, lawful money," and that in default thereof a trustee be appointed by the court, to sell the real estate to pay off the price "in good and lawful money" to the legal representatives or distributees of Heirome L. Opie, according to their respective rights, including the widow.
Castleman demurred to the bill as insufficient in law, and, also, filed an answer denying all the material allegations of the bill. Answers were also filed by Mrs. Meade and John N. Opie, in which they pray that the release of the deed of trust be set aside. But they do not file cross-bills, or make any direct issue, in that mode, with Castleman.
It should be stated in this&connection that by deed executed by Castleman March the 22d, 1878, and which was duly recoided, a part of the lands purchased by him from Heirome L. Opie in 1856 was conveyed in trust to secure a debt due by bond to the executor of E. I. Smith, which, on the 1st of August, 1887, amounted, principal and interest, to $5706.67. This debt originated in 1863, the Virginia bank notes paid in that year to Opie's personal representatives having been borrowed by Castleman from Smith.
By an interlocutory decree, passed September 30, 1887, 32 Fed. Rep. 511, it was adjudged that the payments made by Castleman of the above bonds, due in 1861, 1862, 1863 and 186 , -were illegal and void, and that the release. of the deed of. trust by Conrad was of no effect; but, that, inasmuch as the widow and Thomas Opie acquiesced in and consented to

WASHINGTON v. OPIE.
Opinion of the Court.
such payment, the bonds were discharged to the extebt of their interests; and, that with respect to the plaintiff, Mary Meade and John N. Opie, they were, each, entitled to receive from Castleman (regarding the original interest of the widow as one-third) one-fourth of two-thirds of the original amount of said bonds, principal and interest; and that the deed of trust remained as a valid security for their claims. The. release, by Conrad, of the deed of trust was set'aside and declared to be of no effect as to the interests of the plaintiff, John N. Opie and Mary Meade. By the final decree it was found and adjudged that -the amount due April 16, 1888, to the plaintiff, Mary Meade and John N. Opie, each, was
6369.15. The 'lands in question were ordered to be sold in satisfaction of those claims, which were given by the decree priority over all other debts against Castleman's estate including even that due to Smith's estate.
The allegation, in the bill, that the personal representatives of Opie were induced by fear or persuasion to accept Confederate money in payment of Castleman's bonds falling due in 1861 and 1862, and Virginia bank notes in payment of those falling due in 1863 and 1864, is unsupported by the evidence. Nor is there any proof of fraud committed by Castleman, unless it was a fraud upon his part to pay his bonds in the only kind of money that was current or in general use in the locality where he and they, at the time of payment resided. Castleman testified that the personal representatives of Opie accepted Confederate notes in payment of the bonds of 1861 and 1862. without the slightest hesitation or objection, and on the occasion of that paymdnt expressed their willingness to accept payment, in like money, of the bonds of 1863 and 1864; but that shortly, before the maturity of the bond of 1863 he was notified by them to make payment in Virginia bank notes. And this demand was complied with by him. The bond of 1863 was paid in money of that kind, and was surrendered by the personal representatives. Sinclair,, through whom the bond of 1864 was paid, testifies that no 6bjection was made by either of the 'personal representatives to payment in Virginia bank notes, and that the written order for the release of

OCTOBER TERM, 1891.
Opinion of the Court.
the tOust deed was prepared and delivered to him for Castleman by Thomas Opie himself. If the statements of Castleman and Sinclair, upon these points, were not strictly in accordance with the truth, the contrary could have been pioven by the personal representatives. But their depositions were not taken. The plaintiff gave notice to take their depositions in Baltimore, and Castleman: attended, with counsel, at the time and place designated in the notice. But neither the plaintiff nor his counsel, appeared, and the depositions were never taken. No reason is suggested why they were not taken.. It must, therefore, be taken as conclusively established that the personal representatives of Opie voluntarily accepted payment of the bonds of 1861 and 1862 in Confederate money, and that they demanded and received Virginia bank notes in discharge of the bonds of 1863 and 1864.
But this is not all. Castleman testified that the plaintiff was present when the bonds of 1861 and 1862 were paid in Confederate notes, and counted out the money for his mother. The plaintiff testifies that he was not present at any of the payments. But the plaintiff admits that he learned, from the representatives of his father, of the payments of 1862 and 1863, shortly after they were made, and that after the war the Virginia bank notes were divided among the heirs, he receiving his portion of them. It is absolutely certain, from the evidence, that the plaintiff knew at least fifteen years prior to the commencement of this action, that Castleman's bonds, falling due in.1861, 1862, 1863, and 1864, were paid off, during the war, partly in Confederate money and partly in Virginia bank notes. And it cannot be doubted that these facts were known, during the whole of the same period, to Mary Opie, who reached her majority in January, 1863, and to John N. Opie, who reached his majority in March, 1865. If this were not so, they would have testified as witnesses, and stated the contrary.
Under such circumstances, is the plaintiff entitled to the aid of a court of equity as against the estate of Castleman ? Avowing his purpose not to hold the personal representatives of his father's estate responsible, for having accepted Confederate

WASHINGTONT v. OPIE.
Opinion of the Court.
money and Virginia bank notes in discharge of Castleman's bonds, and for having directed the release of the trust deed given to secure those bonds, can he be heard to say that these settlements, some of the fruits of which he and his codistributees enjoyed, and of which he had full knowledge for at least fifteen years prior to the commencement of this action, ought not to have been male and should be now disregarded?. These questions can be answered only in one way in a court of equity.
The present case in some of its features is not unlike that of Glasgow v. Lise, 117 U. S. 327, 334. The facts in that case
were these: Lipse's executors having authority to dispose of the real property of the testator, who died in Virginia, sold certain lands in that State to Spears in 1860. One of the payments fell due in October, 1861, another in October, 1862. The bonds were paid in a check on a Virginia bank, which was deposited in that bank by the resident executor who received it. Against that deposit the executor drew his checks, which were paid in Confederate notes. The principal question in the case was whether -the debtor was discharged from liability to pay his bonds in lawful money of the United States. This court, after referring to the doctrine declared by the Court of Appeals of Virginia, (Pattesonv. Bondurant,30 Gratt. 94,) that a debtor who pays to an executor in depreciated currency a debt payable in gold or its equivalent, knowing at 'the time that the currency is not needed for the payment of debts or legacies, or other uses of the estate, and that the safety of the debt does not require its collection, may also be charged as a participant in the devastavit, said: "The present case does not come under the doctrine. It falls within the class where, for debts payable in lawful money, the depreciated currency of the country where they were contracted and the executor resides can be used at its face value in payment of legacies, and, therefore, may be accepted by him -withouta breach of trust. The notes received had in October, 1862, to a great extent, superseded the use of coin, and became the principal currency of the Confederate States. All business transactions there were had with reference to them. They were a standard of

OCTOBER TERM, 1891.
Opinion of the Court.
value, according to which contracts were made and discharged. Having, therefore, an exchangeable value, they were sought for by residents within the Confedeitacy:" In reference to the issue as to whether the legatees were estopped to question the action of the executor, the court said: "The resident executor there, however, hesitated to accept them [Confederate notes] in payment of the last bond of Spears, which, being made in October, 1860, must be coniidered as payable in lawful money, and he consulted the wishes of legatees in Virginia, among whom the greater part of the money was to be distributed. They desired him to take the notes, and received them in dis-" charge of their distributive shares. So far as those legatees are concerned their approval of his action was shown by their expressed wishes, and their acceptance of the notes. They, at least, are tstopped from questioning the propriety of'his conduct."
The plaintiff alleges, in his bill, that his father's estate was perfectly solvent; in nowise involved in debt. The only persons, therefore, interested in the collection of Castleman's bonds were the widow and the children of Heirome L. Opie. The court below correctly held that the widow and Thomas Opie were concluded, as to their interests, by the voluntary acceptance of Confederate money and Virginia bank paper in discharge of Castleman's obligations. Upon every principle of justice, the plaintiff is equally concluded by his knowledge shortly after, if not at the time of, the surrender to Castleman of the bonds of'1861 and 1862, that they were paid in Confederate notes; by his voluntary acceptance of his part of the Virginia bank notes paid by Castleman in discharge of the bonds of 1863 and 1864; and by his failure, for more than fifteen years, to assail, in some direct legal mode, the validity and good faith of the settlements with Castleman. The reason given by the plaintiff why he was so long silent is, that he removed from Virginia to Kentucky in 1873, and from the close of the civil war up to the fall of 1880 was not, although himself a lawyer, financially able to bring this suit or to carry it on. We cannot regard this as a sufficient excuse for his inaction, even if it had been competent for him, after his accept-

. WASHINGTON v. OPIE.
Opinion of the Court.
ance of a part of the Virginia bank notes paid by Castleman, to have questioned the action of the personal representatives'.
With respect to the interests of the two distributees, who were not of full 'age when Castleman paid the bonds of 1861 and 1862, it is only necessary to say that Mrs. Meade had reached her majority when Castleman made his last payment, and both were of full age when, after the war, the Virginia bank notes received from Castleman were divided among the distributees. We cannot suppose, from the evidence, that they. were ignorant of the settlements made by the personal representatives with Castleman. So far as the record discloses, no fraud was practised upon them; nothing was concealed from them. When the Confederacy fell, Confederate notes and Virgiiia bank notes, based upon Confederate bonds, became, of course, of no value. Then it was that Mrs. Opie sent back, by mail, to Castleman, some of the bank notes paid by him; those, perhaps, which she had retained for herself. At that time, if not before, all the facts were necessarily known to Mrs. Meade and John N. Opie, as they were known to the plaintiff. If the plaintiff, Mrs. Meade-and John N. Opie, have determined not to hold their mother and brother liable for having voluntarily received payment from Castleman in the only currency used in the locality where all the parties resided, Castleman's estate, he not being chargeable with fraud ought to be equally exempt from liability.
According to the decided preponderance of eiidence, the plaintiff, Mrs. Meade and John N. Opie, during 'the entire period from the close of the war until the institution of this suit, acted as if they did not intend,'by legal proceedings. to question the validity of the settlements made with Castleman. And they so acted with full knowledge, or with ample opportunity to acquire knowledge, of all the material facts affecting their rights. By their long silence, and their unreasonable delay in commencing proceedings for relief, they have forfeited whatever right they had to invoke the aid of a court of equity. What they did and what they failed to do is sufficientindependently of any statute of limitations, and apart from any question as to the legal right of the personal representa-

