BALLOCH v. HOOPER.
Opinion of the Court.
BALLOCH v. HOOPER.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 21. Argued November 7, 8, 1892. -Decided December 5,1892.
On the facts in this case detailed in the opinion it is Held, (1) That the deed from Balloch to Hooper of February 25, 1880, was given to better secure Balloch's indebtedness to the Life Insurance Company " (2) That that company believed in good faith that Hooper was authorized, as holder of the legal title of record, to raise money on the property, and secure its payment by deed of trust; (3) That there was nothing in the relations between Hooper and Balloch which would prevent the company loaning money to Hooper on the security of the property; (4) That there was no evidence of a fraudulent combination to injure Balloch; (5) That there was no ground for questioning the accuracy of the accounting.
THE case is stated in the opinion.
.M'. S. S. Hfenkle for appellant.
M'r. Job Barnard (with whom was Y'. James S. Edwards on the brief) for appellees.
MR. JUSTICE HARLAN delivered the opinion of the Court.
The appellant, Balloch, became the owner, by purchase in 1878, from J. Bradley Adams, of certain lots on Sixteenth and S streets, in the city of Washington, giving his notes for the purchase money, and securing their payment by a deed of trust covering the whole property. He placed -upon record a subdivision of part of the property, making fourteen lots on the west side of Sixteenth street, seven lots (with a small strip) on the south side of Swan street, and six lots on the north side of S street.
In order to obtain money for the construction of houses

OCTOBER TERMAl, 1892.
Opinion of the Court.
upon some of those lots, fourteen on Sixteenth street and six on S street, he borrowed from the Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company the sum of $16,000, executing therefor his eight promissory -totes of $2000 each, hearing interest at eight per cent until paid. Subsequently, he borrowed other sums from the 'ompany, namely, $10,200, for which he made his six promissory notes of $1700 each, bearing like interest,
and $9000, for which he gave his four notes, bearing like interest, three for $2000 each and one for $3000; and to secure those respective loans Balloch executed a deed of trust upon particular lots in the above subdivision. These deeds of trust were severally executed June 4, 1879, October 11, 1879, and February .17, 1880. William R.Hlooper was the general agent of the company in the city of Washington for the purpose of "placing" life insurance and collecting premiums, and Balloch's negotiations with it were through him. He was named in each of the deeds as trustee.
It was agreed .that one-half of the sum loaned should be paid to Balloch at the time the notes and deed of trust were delivered; that the company.should pay off the amount due on the purchase from Adams, which was secured by prior recorded deed of trust; and that the balance should be paid to Balloch as he might need it in the work of constructing the houses on the lots.
In connection with these loans Balloch purchased from the company other houses, under an agreement that the cash payments thereon might be retained by the company out of the loans, and that he would give for the balance of the price his promissory notes, payable to the company's order, and secured by deeds of trust to Hooper as trustee. It should also be 'stated that when* the above loans were made Balloch was indebted to the .company on' other loans, secured by deeds of trust on property on the corner of Q and Thirteenth streets.
By deed absolute in form, dated February 25, 1880, and recorded February 27, 1880, Balloch conveyed to Hooper all the property purchased from Adams, except two lots on Sixteenth street, and all the property purchased by him from the company at the time the above three loans were effected, the

BALLOCH u HOOPER.
Okinion' of the Court.
consideration recited in the deed being "the sum of five thousand dollars previously advanced, and one dollar in lawful money of the United States." It is stated by the company that at the time this deed was executed the houses proposed to be erected by Balloch "on Sixteenth and S streets were in an incomplete condition; that the taxes due when he purchaied from Adams, as well as the taxes on the property purchased by him from the conpany, were unpaid; that more than $5000 was still due Adams; that the principal. of the notes given to the company was unpaid; and that the property included in the deed to Hooper was burdened with mechanics"liens, and otherwise.
lHooper took possession of the property so conveyed to him, and undertook the completion of the houses on Sixteexith and S streets. But, with the means at his command, he found it impossible to proceed without obtaining financial assistance. Accordingly, in October, 1881, he informed the .company of Balloch's deed to him of February 25, 1880,'and of the exact condition of affairs with respect to the property. But it appears that the company was not, in fact, notified until October, 1881, of the transfer by deed from Balloch to Hooper. It made an arrangement with looper to advance to him a sum sufficient to complete the proposed improvements on the property, to pay off all 'incumbrances, including Balloch's notes and, indebtedness to it, and to discharge the liens held by it; tooper to give his note for the amount so to be advanced, and to secure its payment by a deed of trust upon the property. This arrangement was carried out. looper gave his note to the company for $71,0d0, secured by a deed of trust running to Frank HT. Smith; as truste6, and the, company cancelled Balloch's notes, discharged his indebtedness to it, and released the liens created by the above deeds of trust executed in its favor. Under the above arrangement, the houses were to be completed, rented and sold, under the direction of Smith, who was to receive and disburse the sums which the company might advance to Hooper.
The present suit against looper and the company -was brought by Ballooh on -the 7th of December, 1882. The theory

OCTOBER TERM, 1892.
Opinion of the Court.
of the bill is that the, company did not pay to Balloch, at the times agreed upon, the one-half of the several loans of $16,000, $10,200 and $9000, not the claim of Adams, nor the remainder of the loans, but fraudulently withheld the money or a great portion of it, whereby Balloch was seriously injured and embarrassed, rendering it impossible for him to complete the improvements of his lots. The bill charges that the defendants paid upon the loans only $14,725.15; that when the deed of February 25, 1880, was made, the defendants had in their possession of his money $20,474.85, which they refused to pay him; that defendants, knowing well the plaintiff's embarrassment, on account of their failure to pay the amount due him, proposed to him that if he would convey to Iooper the property covered by the deed to the latter, the company would finish all the houses out of the funds remaining in their hands belonging to the plaintiff, sell them for the highest and best price attainable, and, after reimbursing themselves, divide the remainder, upon the basis of three-fourths to the plaintiff and one-fourth to the company; that the plaintiff's embarrassed condition, the result of corrupt and fraudulent conduct of the defendants, compelled him to accept this proposition, and that accordingly he made to Hlooper the absolute deed of 188o. The bill also charges that the defendants did not proceed inmediately to complete the houses according to their agreement, but allowed them to stand for two years; that most, if not all, the houses had been sold, but the defendants had failed and refused to give any account thereof; and that, upon a proper accounting, there was due to the plaintiff as much as $40,000. -The relief asked was an injunction restraining the defendants from selling the property or from collecting rents therefrom; that a receiver be appointed to take possession of the unsold property and to collect rents; that the defendants be required to account as trustees; and that tlhe plaintiff have a decree for the amount found to be due him. The defendants severally answered, putting in issue all the material allegations of the bill. The cause was referred to the auditor to take and report an account of all the transactions. . A report was made, covering evefy possible view of the case. Among the schedules

BALLOCH v. HOOPER.
Opinion of the Court.
submitted by the auditor was one stating the account of !looper with the company. In this account Hooper was charged with the amount of the notes of Balloch secured by the several deeds of trust on the property which the latter gave, (excluding a note for $1800 secured on a lot named,) with other disbursements for the completion of the houses, for payment of taxes, insurance, costs of repairs, discharge of liens and other expenses, with interest on those respective amounts, and he was credited by the amounts received on sales of property, rents, etc., with interest thereon; showing, on that basis, a balance in favor of the company of $52,097.37, as of September 1, 1886.
The exceptions were overruled and a decree was passed declaring the above sum to be a first and prior lien and encumbrance in favor of the company, as against the claims of all the other parties to the cause, on certain lots and the improvements thereon, being the unsold property mentioned in the deed from Hooper to Smith, subject to future accounting as to interest accruing to the company on account thereof, and as to the receipts and disbursements on the property subsequent to September 1, 1886, and to a credit thereon of $2029.82 paid by the company to Smith for services rendered in disbursing moneys expended in the construction of buildings. The decree, also, allowed to Hooper $1550.43 found by the auditor to be due to him from Balloch, and made it a second and subordi nate lien and encumbrance upon the property, and declared the deed of February 25, 1880, as between Balloch and Hooper, to be null and void.
Upon appeal by Balloch to the general term this decree was affirmed.
The" court below correctly held that, so far as Hooper was concerned, the absolutedeed from Balloch of February 25, 1880, must be held to have been taken for the purpose of better securing the indebtedness of the latter to the company. This is placed beyond doubt by the statement in Hooper's answer to the effect that, shortly after the execution of the deed .of trust for the loan of $9000, "to wit, February 25, 1880, the complainant [Balloch] of his own volition voluntarily transferred and con-

OOTOBER TERM, 1892.
Opinion of the Court.
veyed to this defendant all the said property before included in the said several deeds of trust, together with certain other lots described in the conveyance then made, which property was taken by this defendant for the purpose of better securing the said company in the ultimate realization and collection of the moneys sb as aforesaid loaned to the complainant." This admission is conclusive as between Hooper and Balloch, and is not at all weakened by the somewhat contradictory statements subsequently made by the former in his deposition in the cause.
But, as we have seen, the company bad no knowledge of this absolute deed to Hooper until October, 1881, whea it was informed by him of the condition of the property upon which the three loans of $16,000, $10,200 and $9000 had been made. By the act of Balloch in making- and putting that deed upon record, Hooper was enabled to represent himself as the owner of the property; and to make arran gements with the company
for money with which to complete its improvement. According to the weight of the evidence, the company, ih good faith, beliefed, and was not negligent in believing, that Hooper was authorized, as the holder of the legal title of record, to raise money upon the property and secure its payment by deed of tyust. Ballocb, therefore, has no right to, complain of the arrangement made by Hooper with the company. Indeed, that arrangement was for the interest of Balloch, provided the moneys advanced by the company to.Hooper were fairly used fo liquidate the existing ifidebtedness of Balloch and to complete the constructioth of the houses according to his original plan.
Balloch insists that the relations that subsisted between Hooper and Balloch forbade the former from taking title to the property. If that were true, as between them, it would not follow that the company, acting in gbod faith, might not loan money to Hooper, and take a lien upbn the property to secure its repayment. As, upon the evidence, the company is not chargeable with bad faith in making thearrangement it did with Hooper, all that Balloch could equitably demand was that which was awarded to him in the court below, namely,

BALLOCH v. HOOPER.
Opinion of the Court.
an accounting with reference to the moneys, advanced and expended under the arrangement it made with Hooper, and a recognition of his right to redeem upon paying the balance found to be due, upon such accounting, to the company. It is a mistake to suppose that in so holding we disregard the rule that "whenever the trustee has been guilty of a breach of the trust, and has transferred the property, by sale or otherwise, to any third person, the cestui que trust, has a full right to follow such property into the hands of such third person, u-nless he stands in the predicament of a' bonafide purchaser, for a valuable consideration, without notice." Oliver v. Piatt,3. How. 333, 401. When Balloch put the absolute title in Hooper he knew that the contemplated improvements could not be made without borrowing more money on the property, and he must have expected that Hooper would obtain, in that way, the required funds. And there is not the slightest ground in the evidence for the charge that the company and Hooper fraudulently combined for the purpose of injuring Balloch. The company had no reason to suppose that the airangement made with Hooper was in violation of any agreement or understanding that Balloch had with him at the time of the conveyance of February 25, 1880. The company, upon every -principle of equity, is entitled to a lien upon such of the property embraced in the deed of trust to Smith, as remained unsold, to secure the payment of the balance due for the sums advanced by it. After a careful scrutiny of the evidence we find no ground for questioning the accuracy of the accounting below, or of the balance adjudged to be due the company. The contention'that more was expended upon improvements than ought, in fairness to have been expended, is not sustained by such proof as would justify a reversal of the decree, in whatever light the case is viewed. While there is some slight justification for this contention, we are of opinion that the conclusion reached by the auditor is sustained by the preponderance of evidence. It is certain that the company advanced the moneys which are charged, in the accounting, against the
property. And it is equally certain that these moneys were, in fact, expended, upon the property, or for the benefit of
VOL. cxvi-2 .

OCTOBER TER,, 1892.
Syllabus.
JBallocb. Even if it 'were assumed that the company was bound to see that the moneys advanced under its agreement with Hooper were properly and reasonably expended, the evidence does not show that an excessive amount has been charged in its favor or in favor of Hooper against the property in question..
We perceive no error'in the decree, and it is Aff?'med.
LEWIS v. UNITED STATES.
ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS.
No. 1018. Argued October 28, 1892. -Decided December 5, 1892.
In trials for felonies, it is not in the power of the prisoner, either by himself or his counsel, to waive the right to be personally present during the trial.
The making of challenges is an essential part of the trial of a person accused of crime, and it is one of his substantial tights to be brought face to face with the jurors when the challenges are made.
Though no specific exception was taken in this case by the prisoner, based upon the fact that he was called upon to challenge jurors not before him, a general exception, taken to the action of the court in prescribing the method of procedure, was sufficient.
Where no due exception to the language of the court in instructing the jury is taken at the trial, this court cannot consider whether the trial court went beyond the verge of propriety in its instructions.
On the trial of the case, after the accused had pleaded not guilty to the indictment, the court directed two lists of thirty-seven qualified jurymen to be made out by the clerk, one to be given to the district attorney and one to the counsel for the defendant, and further directed each side to proceed with its challenges, independently of the other, and without knowledge on the part of -either as to what challenges had been made by the other. To this method of proceeding, the defendant at the time excepted, but was reiuifed to proceed to make his challenges. lo challenged twenty persons from the list of thirty-seven persons from which he made his challenges, but in doing so he challenged three jurors who were also challengei d'by the government. The .government challenged from the list of thirty-seven persons five persons, three of whom w ere the same persons challenged by the defendant. This fact was made to appear fr.hln the lists of jurors used by the government in making its

BAUSERMAN v. BLUNT.
Statement of the Case.
BAUSERMAN v. BLUNT.
ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF KANSAS.
No. 107. Argued January 6. 1893. -Decided March 6, 1893.
The construction given by the Supreme Court of a State to a statute of limitations of the State will be followed by this court, even in a case decided the other way in the Circuit Court before the decision of the state court.
The statute of limitations of Kansas, as construed by the Supreme Court of the State, does not run while the debtor is personally absent from the State, although he retains a usual place of residence therein, where a summons upon him might be served.
The statute of limitations of Kansas, as construed by the Supreme Court of the State, stops running at the death of the debtor, but for su, reasonable time only as will enable the creditor to have an administrator appointed.
THIS was an action brought February 13, 1886, in a court of the State of Kansas, by Elbridge G. Blunt, a citizen of Illinois, against Bauserman, a citizen of Kansas, and administrator of James G. Blunt, deceased, upon a promissory note for $3204.34-, made by James G. Blunt at Chicago, Illinois, July 1, 1875, and payable to Elbridge G. Blunt in one day after date, with interest annually at the rate of ten per cent.
The petition, after setting forth the making of the note at the time and place aforesaid, alleged that James G. Blunt, at the time of making the note, and for a long time before and after, was a, citizen and resident of Kansas, and died intestate iji July, 1881, leaving property in that State, that no administrator of his estate was appointed until the defendant was appointed administrator on December 14, 1885, that James G. Blunt, after the making of the note and before his death, was absent from and out of the State of Kansas, as well as the State of Illinois, "for more than five years;" and that no part of the note or of the interest thereon bad been paid, except $100paid December 1, 1875, and indorsed on the note.

OCTOBER TERM, 1892.
Statement of the Case.
The defendant demurred to the petition, and assigned for cause of demurrer, "that said potition does not state facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action in favor of the plaintiff and against this defendant, and that it appears by the said petition that the alleged cause of action therein stated is barred by the statute of limitations."
On March 13, 1886, the case was removed by the defendant into the Circuit Court of the United States, in which, on June 10, 1886, as appeared by its record, the following proceedings were had "Demurrer herein came on to be heard, and was argued by counsel, on consideration where~f the court doth overrule said demurrer, to which ruling and decision of the court said defendant duly excepts. It is ordered by the court that the defendant have sixty days from this date to file answer."
On June 23, 1886, the defendant filed an answer, setting up the statute of limitations, and alleging that the debtor, from the making of the note until his death, had his home and usual place of residence, where his family lived, and where process on him might have been served, in the city of Leavenworth and State of Kansas, and that his absence from the State was only temporary and with the intention of returning to that home and residence. The plaintiff filed a replication, denying all the allegations of the answer, except as admitted in the petition, and alleging that the debtor, after the maturity of the note and before his death, was out of the State of Kansas and personally absent therefrom for spaces of time aggregating the full period of five years; and that this action was commenced within one year after the appointment of an administrator of his estate. The parties afterwards in writing waived a trial by jury, and agreed that the action might be tried by the court.
The evidence at the trial tended to prove the following factp.. The plaintiff and James G. Blunt were brothers. The note sued on was given at its date in Chicago, in settlement for work previously done by the plaintiff for the maker, and the maker a few days afterwards left Chicago and went to Washington in the District of Columbia, ajid between that

BAUSERMfAN v. BLUNT.
Statement of the Case.
time and his death was absent from the State of Kansas more than five years, but during all this time, and for many years before, kept and maintained his usual place of residence and home in Kansas, open and occupied by his wife and children, and at which service of a summons might have been made on him. He died intestate July 25, 1881, and the defendant was duly appointed and qualified as his administrator by a probate court in Kansas on December 14, 1885.
The plaintiff relied upon the following sections of chapter 80 of the"Compiled Laws of Kansas of 1879 and 1885
"'SEC. 18. Civil actions, other than for the recovery of real property, can only be brought within the following period after the cause of action shall have accrued, and not afterwards First. Within five years An action upon any agreement, contract or promise in writing."
"SEC. 21. If, when a cause of action accrues against a person, he be out of the State, or has absconded or~concealed himself, the period limited for the commencement of the action shall not begin to run until he comes into the State, or while he is so absconded or concealed, and if, after the cause of action accrues, he depart from the State, or abscond or conceal himself, the time of his absence or concealment shall not be computed as any part of the period within which the action must be brought."
The defendant, to \maintain the issues on. his part, relied upon the following section of the same chapter-
" SEC. 64. The service shall be by delivering a copy of the summons to the defendant personally, or by leaving one at his usual place of residence, at any time before the return day."
Also upon the following section of chapter 37 of those laws: "SEC. 12. Administration of the estate of an intestate shall be granted to some one or more .of the persons hereinafter mentioned, and they shall be respectively entitled thereto in the following order, to wit "First. His widow, or next of kin, or both, as the court may think proper, and if they do not voluntarily either take or renounce the administration..withm thirty days after the

OCTOBER TERM, 1892.
Names of Counsel.
death of the intestate, they shall, if resident within the county, upon application of any one interested, be cited by the court or judge for that purpose.
"Second. If the persons so entitled to administration are incompetent, or evidently unsuitable for the discharge of the trust, or if they neglect for twenty days after service of. said citation, without any sufficient cause, to take administration of the estate, the court shall commit it to one or more of the principal creditors, if there be any competent and willing to undertake the trust.
"Third., If there be no such creditors, and the court is satisfied that the estate exceeds the value of one hundred dollars, the court shall commit administration to such other persons as it shall deem proper."
Thereupon the court, on November 26, 1888, "being of. opinion that the personal absence of the debtor from the State of Kansas, notwithstanding his residence in the State, where service of a summons could be made on him, was sufficient to prevent the bar of the statute of limitations, and that the statute of limitations was suspended from the debtor's death until the appointment of his administrator," found and adjudged that the plaintiff recover of the defendant the sum of $7396.02, with interest at the yearly rate-of ten per cent from that date, and allowed a bill of exceptions to that opinion and finding.
The defendant sued out this writ of error, and assigned as errors First. That the petition and the matters therein contained were insufficient for the plaintiff to maintain his action. Second. That.by the record it appeared that the findings and judgment were given for the plaintiff, whereas by law they ought to have been given for the defendant.
.Xr FrankJfagermann and _Mr r H. Gillpatrtck for plaintiff in error.
Mr Samuel Shellabarger,(with whom were MrM Jeremzah XM. WiTson and .Mr ohAn L. Penderyon the brief,) for defendant in error.

BAUSEREAX v. BLUNT.
Opinion of the Court.
Mvh. JUsTIcE Giiy, after stating the .case, delivered the opinion of the court.
This is an action on a promissory note. The defence is the statute of limitations. The note was payable July 2, 1S75.. The debtor died in July, 1881. An admifiistratoi-of his estate was appointed and qualified December 14, 1885. The action was brought February 13, 1886.
By the statute of limitations of Kansas, an action upon any agreement, contract or promise in writing must be brought within five years after the cause of action accrues; but it is provided that "if when a cause of action accrues against a person, he be out of the State," "the period limited for the commencement of the action shall not begin to run until he comes into the State," "and if, after the cause of action accrues, he depart from the State," "the time of his absence" "shall not be computed as any part of the period within which the
action must be brought." Compiled laws of Kansas, c. 80, §§
18, 21. The statutes of Kansas also provide that a summons in a
civil action may be served either upon the defendant personally, Qr by leaving a copy at his usual place of residence, and further provide that administration of the estate of an intestate may be granted as fbllows: first, to his widow or next of kin, second, if they do not apply, or are unsuitable, to one or more of his creditors, and third, if there are no creditors competent and willing to undertake it, to such other persons as the court shall deem proper. Compiled Laws of Kansas, c. 37, § 12, c. 80, § 64.
The two principal questions presented by the record and argued by counsel are 1st. Whether the statute of limitations began and continued to run during the personal absence of the debtor from the State, retaining a usual place of residence therein, where a summons upon him might be served? 2d. Whether the running of. the statute was suspended, after the death of the debtor, until the appointment of an administrator of his estate, more than four years and four months afterwards, although the plaintiff, as a creditor of the deceased,

OCTOBER TERMf, 1892.
Opinion of the Court.
could, at the end of fifty days from his death, have applied to have an administrator appointed?
Both these questions appear by the bill of exceptions to have been treated as arising upon the evidence at the trial, and to have been ruled upon in entering final judgment. The first one certainly was, and if the second was not unequivocally raised at that stage of the case, it was clearly presented by the demurrer to the petition, inasmuch as, by the practice in Kansas, the defence of the statute of limitations, when all the requisite'facts appear on the face of the petition, may be taken advantage of by demurrer. Zane v Zane, 5 Kansas, 134, ,'artlett v: Bullene, 23 Kansas, 606, 613, CMemung Canal Bank v Lowery, 93 U S. 72. The defendant having answered over by leave and order of the court, reserving his objection to the overruling of the demurrer, the question whether the demurrer was rightly overruled is open on this writ of error sued out after final judgment against him. Teat v Walker, 111 U. S. 242, Southern PacXc (o. v Denton, 146 U S. 202.
Both questions depend upon the local law of Kansas. By a provision inserted in the first Judiciary Act of the United States, and continued in force ever since, Congress has enacted that "the laws of the several States, except where the Constitution, treaties or statutes of the United States otherwise require or provide, shall be regarded as rules of decision in trials at common law, in the courts of the United States, in cases where they apply" Act of September 24, 1789, c. 20,
34, 1 Stat. 92, Rev Stat. § 721. No laws of the several States have been more steadfastly or more often recognized by this court, from the beginning, as rules of decision in the courts of the United States, than statutes of limitations of actions, real and personal, as enacted by the legislature of a State, and as construed by its higliest court, HTiggmson, v d2en, & Cranch, 415, 419, 420 - Shelby v Guy, 11 Wheat. 361, 367, Bell v Morrison,1 Pet. 35-1, 360, Menderson v Gryll, 5 Pet. 151, Green v -Meal,6 Pet. 291, 297-300; -lcElmoyle v Cohen, 13 Pet. 312, 327, aEIpending v Dutch Ghurch, 16 Pet. 455, 493, Leffngwell v Warren, 2 Black, 599, Bohn v. Waterson, 17 Wall. 596, 600, Tioga RZailroad v. Blossburg & Cornzng

BAUSERM _I . BLUNT
Opinion of the Court.
Railroad,20 Wall. 137, 'hbbe v. Ditto, 93 U. S. 674; -Dame, v Brsggs,97 U S. 628 637, Amy v.DNbuque, 98 U S. 470, Afills v Scott, 99 U. S. 25, 98, .fYoorem v -NationalBank, 104 U. S. 625 .3ickhgan- Insurance Bank v Eldred, 130 U. S. 693, 696, Pen.feld v OCesapeake c. Railroad,134 U S. 351, Barney v Oelrichs, 138 U. S. 529.
In Patten,v Easton,1 Wheat. 476, 482, and again inPowell v .Harman,2 Pet, 2411, this court had construed a Tennessee statute of limitations of real 'actions in accordance with decisions of the Supreme Court of the State, made since the first of those cases was certified up to this court, and supposed to have settled the construction of the statute. Yet in Green. v NYeal, 6 Pet. 291, a judgment of the Circuit Court of the United States, which had held itself bound bv those cases in this court, was reversed, because of more r-cent decisions of the state court, establishing the opposite construction.
In Peasev Peck, 18 How 595, it -was because the statute of limitations of :ichigan,-as- published by authority of the legislature and acted on by the people for thirty years, contained an exemption of "beyond seas," that this court declined to treat those words as not part of the act, although it was shown that they were not in the original manuscript preserved in the public archives, and that they had therefore been recently adjudged by the Supreme dourt of the State to be no part of the act. The, question there was not of the construction, of the text of the statute, but what the true text was, and we are not now required to consider whether that decision can be reconciled with later cases, in which this court has held that an act of the legislature of a State, which has been held by its highest court not to be a statute of the State, because not duly enacted, cannot e held by the courts of the United States, upon the same evidence, to be a law of the State. ,souta Ottawa v. Perkins,941 U. S. 260, Post v Supervisors, 105 U. S. 667. See also -Norton,v. Shtiby County, 118 U. S. 425, 440.
In .Leffingwell v. Warren, 2 Black, 599, 603, Mfr. Justice Swayne, speaking for the court, laid down, and supported by references to. earlier decisions, the following propositions

OCTOBER TERAI, 1802.
Opinion of the -Court
"The courts of the United States, in the absence of legislation upon the subject by Congress, recognize the statutes of limitations of the several States, and give them the same construction and effect which are given by the local tribunals. They are a rule of decision under the 34th section of the Judicial Act of 1789. The construction given to a statute of a State by the highest judicial tribunal of such State is regarded as a part of the statute, and is as binding upon the courts of the United States as the text. If the hrghest judicial tribunal of a State adopt new views as to the proper construction of such .%statute, apd reverse its former decisions, this court will follow the latest dettled adjudications."
In .Tevy v Stewart, 11 Wall. 244, which arose in Louisiana, the question was not of the construction of the terms of a statute of limitations, but of an implied exception, by reason of the effect of the state of war existing during the rebellion, while the courts of the States held by the rebels were closed to the citizens of the rest of the Union, and this court declined to be bound by decisions of the courts of Louisiana restricting such effect, because they were inconsistent with its own earlier decisions in Ranger v Abbott, 6 Wall. 532, and Te Protetor, 9 Wall. 687, which had dealt with that question as one of public and international law, upon which this court is never obliged to accept the opinion of the state courts. Huntngton, v. Attriq, 146 UI S. 657, 683.
In Tioga ?ailroadv L'lossburg d Cornmg Railroad,20 Wall. 137, 143, this court, following the decisions of the Court of Appeals of New York, held that a foreign corporation could not avail itself of the statute of limitations of that State, and Mr. Justice Bradley, in delivering judgment, said "These decisions upon the construction of the statute are binding upon us, whatever we may think of their soundness on general principles."
In Amy v Dubuque, 98 U. S. 470, 471, Mr. Justice.,ufarlan, summing up the. result of the previous decisions in the very words of some of them, said that "it is not to be questioned that laws limiting the time of bringing suit constitute a part of the kexforz of every country, they are laws for administer-

BAUSERMA \ v. BLUNT.
Opinon of the Court.
ing justice, one of the most sacred and important of sovereign rights ," and that it is as little to be questioned that "the courts of the United States, in the absence of legislation upon. the subject by Congress, recognize the statutes of limitations of the several Stat6, and give them the same construction and effect which are given by the local tribunals."
Upon the question how far a saving clause as to married women in a statute/of limitations is affected by a subsequent statute of the State enlarging the rights of -married women, this court, xvtwo comparatively recent cases, has come to, differing,,zonclusions by f.ollowing in each case a single decision made by the highest court of the State since the case was brought to this court from the Circuit Court of the United States. Kibbe v. Ditto, 93 U.. S. 674, Moores v Nrational Bank, 104 U S. 625.
In Xibbe v Ditto, which arose in Illinois, the course of decision in the highest court of the State was shown to be as follows In Emerson v Clayton, 32 Illinois, 493, in which the statute of limitations was not in question, the decision was that a married woman might maintain replevin for her chattels, without joining her husband, because, as the court said, the subsequent statute which gave her the right of sole control over her separate property "necessarily confers the power to do whatever i necessary to the effectual assertion and maintenance of that right." But in Rose v Sanderson, 38 Illinois, 247, and in Cole v Fan Ripe; 44 Illinois, 58, it was decided that the married woman's act did not affect an estate by the curtesy vested in a husband at the time of its passage, and it was directly adjudged in forrzson v. Norman, 47 Illinois, 477, and again distinctly asserted in _oble v .Mcar'land,'51 Illinois, 226, that as to real estate in which the husband had a tenancy by the curtesy, the statute of limitations did not run against the wife until after his death. Such wqs the state of the law in Illinois when the Circuit Court of the United States in Mibbe v- Ditto held that the statute of limitations ran against the wife in the husband's lifetime, and its judgment was affirmed by this court solely because of a subsequent decision of the Supreme Court of Illinois m Osatner v Valrod, (since

OCTOBER TERM, 1892.
Opinion of the Court.
reported -in 83 Illinois, 171,) reviewing and modifying .or overruling the earlier cases in that State, and which, this court said, "establishes a rule of property in Illinois, which binds the.courts of the Unitbd States and presents an insuperable bar." 93 U. S. 680.
In Aoores v National Bank, which arose in Ohio, a judgment of the Circuit Court of the United States holding, in accordance with a previous decision of the Superior Court of Cincinnati, that the saving clause in favor of married women in the statute of limitations of Ohio was repealed by a subsequent statute authorizing a married woman to sue alone in actions concerning her separate property, was reversed by this court, without any discussion of the merits of the question, because.a subsequent decision of the Supreme Court of the State, holding that the statute of limitations did not, at the least, begin to run against a married woman until after the passage of the later statute, should be followed by this court. 104: U. S. 629.
What, then, are the decisions of 'the Supreme Court of Kansas upon the two questions presented by this record?
Upon the question relating-to the debtor's personal absence from the State in his lifetime, it is to be observed that the saving clause of the statute speaks only of where the debtor is, and does not (like the statute of New York which governed Penfeld v Chesapeake &e. Railroad, 134: U. S. 351, and Barney.v Oelrwhs, 138 U. S. 529,) use the word "reside" or "resideice." The words of the Kansas statute are "if he be out of the State," "until he comes into the State," "if he depart from the State," and "-the time of his absence." When this case was before the Circuit Court, it was clearly settled by a uniform series of decisions of the Supreme Court of Kansas, extending over a period of twenty years, that the words of the statute were to have their natural meaning, and that personal.absence of the debtor, even if he retained a residence within the State at which process against him might be served, was sufficient to take the case out of the statute. Lane v. N'ationalBank, 6 Kansas, 74.; Hoggett v. Emerson, 8 Kansas, 181, -Morrell v Ingle, 23 Kansas, 32; Conlon v Lanphear,

BAUSERAT v. BLUNT.
Opinion of the Court.
37 Kansas, 431. The later decisions of that court recognize the same rule. ChA-cago c. Railway v. Cook, 43 Kansas, 83, Bauserma v Charlott,46 Kansas, 480, 482.
The Supreme Court of the adjoining State of Nebraska, indeed, as the plaintiff in error has pointed out, has held a precisely similar provision of its own statute of limitations not to include the case of a debtor temporarily absent from the State, and having a usual place of residence therein at which a summons to him might be served. Nebraska Code of Civil Procedure, § 20; Blodgett v. Utley, 4 Nebraska, 25, _Fo .bes v. Thomas, 22 Nebraska, 541. But what may be -the law of Nebraska is immaterial. The case at bar is governed by the law of Kansas, and the duty of this court to 'ollow as a rule of decision the settled construction by the highest court of Kansas of a statute of that State is not affected by the adoption of a different construction of a similar statute in Nebraska or in any other State. Shelby v Guy, 11 Wheat. 361, 361, Chrzsty v. Pndgeo, 4 Wall. 196, 203, wnon Bank v KansasBank, 136 U. S. 223, 235.
It was therefore rightly held by the Circuit Court that the statute of limitations did not run while the debtor was personally absent from the State, notwithstanding that he continued to have a usual place of residence in the State, where service of a summons could be made on him.
The question whether the statute .of'limitations ceased to run from the death of the debtor until the appointment of his administrator,, four years and more than four months afterwards, requires more consideration.
In the absence of express statute or controlling adjudication to the contrary, two general rules are well settled. 1st. When the statute of limitations "hasonce begun to run, its operation is not suspended by a subsequent disability to sue. T'alden v Gratz, 1 Wheat. 292, if1ercerv.,Selden, 1 How 37, Harms v Mo Govern, 99 U.-S. 161, .Yo-Donald v -Hovey, 110 U. S. 619. 2d. The bar of the statute cannot be postponed by the failure of the creditor to avail himself of any means within his power to prosecute or to preserve his claim. Richards v. .Maryland Ins. Co., 8 Cranch, 81, Braun v. Sauerwezn, 10
voL. cxLvir-42

OCTOBER TERM, 1892.
Opimon of the Court.
Wall. 218, United States v Wiley, 11 Wall. 508, 513, 514, Eirby v. Zake Sikore & 32ficksgan Southeva Railroad,120 U. S. 130, 140, Amy v Watertown, 130 U. S. 320, 325.
But the Supreme Court' 7 f Kansas has always held that the death of the debtor suspends the operation of the statute of limitations. Toby v. Allen, 3 Kansas, 399, HManson v Towle, 19 Kansas, 273, -Nelson v. _Merkel, 30 Kansas, 456. In each of those cases it was said that the operation of the statute was suspended until an administrator had been appointed ; -and they were evidently the foundation of the ruling of the Circuit Court in this case that the statute of limitations was suspended from the debtor's death until the appointment of his administrator.
But those cases, when examined; do not disclose any intention to decide or to intimate that the operation of the statute of limitations would be suspended during a longer time, between the death of the debtor and the appointment of an administrator, than would be sufficient to enable the creditor to have an administrator appointed. In Toby v. Allen, and in Hanson v Towle, there is nothing to show that an administrator was not appointed as soon as possible after the debtor's death. And in NYelson v. ilerkel, although it appears in the statement of the case that four years and nearly nine months had elapsed between the debtor's death and the administrator's appointment, that fact does not appear to have been urged by counsel, or regarded by the court, which treated the case as governed by its previous decisions.
The cases of Green v. Goble, 7 Kansas, 297, Oarney v Ravens, 23 Kansas, 82, and 3fills v .AXills, 43 Kansas, 699, cited at the argument of the present case, related to the death of the creditor, not of the debtor, and have no important bearing on this case.
Since the judgment of the Circuit Court in the case at bar, the Supreme Court of Kansas, upon careful and elaborate examination of the question, has held that an action by another creditor against this defendant was barred by the statute, because the plaintiff had unreasonably delayed to apply for the appointment of an administrator. Chief Justice

BAUSERMAT v. BLUNT.
Opinion of the Court.
Horton, (who had delivered the opinion in lYelson v Rerkel,) after referring to the cases, mentioned above, as holding that the "death of the debtor operates to suspend the statute," added "But this court has never said, when the question was properly presented, that the creditor can indefinitely prolong the time of limitation by his own omission or refusal to act, or that the death of the debtor operates to suspend the statute of limitations indefinitely" lHe then referred to a number of authorities, and among others to the statement of Mr. Justice Bradley, speaking for this court, in Amy v Watertown, above cited, that "when a party knows that he has a cause of action, it is his own fault if he does not avail himself of those means which the law provides for prosecuting his claim or instituting such proceedings as the law regards sufficient to preserve it," ' and to the decisions in Atehnson &c. Railroad v Burlingame Township, 36 Kansas, 628, 633, and in Bork v -DouglassCounty, 46 Kansas, 175, 181, as establishing that "a person cannot prevent the operation of the statute of limitations by delay in taking action incumbent upon him" and that "to permit a long and indefinite postponement would tend to defeat the purpose of the statutes of limitation, which are statutes of repose, founded on sound policy, and which should be so construed as to advance the policy they were designed to promote." "Following these decisions," the Chief Justice concluded that the plaintiff's claim was barred by the statute, and said "The reasonable time within which a creditor, having a claim against a decedent, and wishing to establish the same against his estate, should make application for administration would be, under the statute, fifty days after the decease of the intestate, or at least within a reasonable time after the expiration of fifty days. But a creditor cannot, as in this case, postpone the appointment for months and years, and then recover upon his claim. If he can do so for several months or severgl years, he can do so-for any indefinite length of time, and then resort to administration and establish his claim. This is not in accord with the policy of the statutes, nor with our prior decisions." Bauserman v Cha2,ott, 46 Kansas, 480, 483-486.

OCTOBER TERMVr, 1892.
Opinion of the Court.
That decision was evidently deliberately considered and carefully stated, with the purpose of finally putting at rest a question on which some doubt had existed, it is supported by satisfactory reasons, and is in accord with well settled principles, and there is no previous adjudication of that Court to the contrary In every point of view, therefore, it should be accepted by this Court as conclusively settling that the operation of the statute of limitations of Kansas is suspended after the death of the debtor for the fifty days only, during which the creditor could not apply for the appointment of an administrator, or, at most, for a reasonable time after the expiration of the fifty days.
It remains only to apply the rule thus established to the facts of this case, as alleged in the petition and admitted by the demurrer. Taking the statement of those facts as strongly as possible in favor of the plaintiff, the time which elapsed from the mattirity of the note on July 2, 1875, to the commencement of this action on February 13, 1886, was ten years, seven months and eleven days, the allegation that the debtor before his death was absent from the State "for more than five years" cannot be treated as definitely describing a longer period than five years and one day, and after deducting that period there remain five years, seven months and ten days; from which, if we deduct the five years' period of limitation, as well as the fifty days next after the debtor's death, during which the creditor could not have applied for administration, there still remain five months and twenty days.
It is argued for the plaintiff that this was not more than a reasonable time within which he might have applied for the appointment of an administrator after the'expiration of the fifty days from the death. To this there are two answers: First, the plaintiff did not so apply within that time, nor was any administrator appointed until almost four years afterwards; and it is hard to see how any reasonable time to enable the plaintiff to have an administrator appointed can be computed in his favor when he has taken no steps whatever to that end. Second, if a reasonable time for that purpose, although the plaintiff did not avail himself of it, can be con-

HAYES v. PRATT.
Syllabus.
HAYES v. PRATT.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY.
No. 19. Argued March 25,1892. -Decided March 6,1893.
A citizen of Pennsylvania, born in New Jersey, deviseOl and bequeathed the residue of his estate, real and personal, consisting mostly of property in Pennsylvania and in Michigan, with some real estate in New Jersey, to his executors, in trust to sell and invest at their discretion, "1and to appropriate and use the principal or income thereof for the purpose of founding and supporting, or uniting in the support of any institution that may be then founded, to furnish a retreat and home for disabled or aged and infirm and deserving American mechanics;" and appointed as his executors H, a citizen of New Jersey, and W, a citizen of Pennsylvania, "and in the event of the death of either or both of them, first, P, and next, N, to supply vacancy." W took out letters testamentary in Pennsylvania, and there administered the property in Pennsylvania and in Michigan, and, with the approval of a Pennsylvania court, appropriated it to found a home for such mechanics, incorporated by the legislature of Pennsylvania to carry out the testator's charitable intention. H took out letters testamentary in New Jersey, and took care of the real estate there, and died having done nothing beyond obtaining the opinion of counsel that the executors would be authorized, in their discretion, to provide a bed for such mechanics in a hospital, incorporated in New Jersey, for "the care, nurture and maintenance of sick, infirm, aged and indigent persons, and of orphan and destitute children," and whose by-laws provided that patients in a condition to be discharged, or whose disease was incurable, should not remain in the hospital, and that those able to pay for their maintenance should do so. After the deaths of H and W a son of H took out letters of administration with the will annexed of the unadmimstered goods, chattels and effects of the original testator in New Jersey" and, after having assured P that he would not dispose of the real estate in New Jersey without giving hun an opportunity to show that the Pennsylvania corporation was entitled to it, sold it, and, without any order of court, and without P's knowledge or consent, paid the proceeds to the New Jersey corporation, taking a bond of indemnity. Held, that P, on taking out letters testamentary in Pennsylvania, was entitled, as executor, and upon filing a copy of those letters, to maintain a bill in equity against the New Jersey administrator-n the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of New Jersey t6%recover those proceeds, with interest, and costs.

OCTOBER TERM, 1892.
Statement of the Case.
Tms" was a bill in equity, filed August 11, 1884, in the Court of Chancery of the State of New Jersey, by Dundas T. Pratt, a citizen of Pennsylvania, describing himself as "succeeding executor of the last will and testament of George Hayes, late of the city and county of Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsylvania, deceased," and by the Hayes Mechanics' Home, a corporation organized under the laws of Pennsylvania, and established at Philadelphia, against Henry Hayes, a citizen of New Jersey, administrator of George Hayes, for an account of property of the deceased received by him, amounting to more than $5000, and for payment thereof to either of the plaintiffs, as the court might direct.
The case was duly removed, upon the defendant's petition, into the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of New Jersey, and was there, after an answer and a general replication had been filed, heard upon pleadings and proofs, by which it appeared to be as follows
George Hayes was a jeweller, was born in Newark in the State of New Jersey in- 1815, and there lived until 1847, when he removed to Philadelphia, and became interested in and identified with the mechanics of that city, and resided and did business there until June 1, 1857, when he died, leaving a dwelling house and personal estate in Philadelphia, real estate in Michigan, and an interest in real estate in Newark, (on which he had lived and carried on his business before his removal to Philadelphia,) and a will, dated June 16, 1855, duly executed and published according to the laws of Pennsylvania and of 'New Jersey, by which, after,payment of debts and legacies, he provided as follows:
"Item. As to the rest, residue and remainder of my estate, both real and personal, and of every nature and kind whatsoever, I give, devise and -bequeath the same to my executors hereinafter named, their heirs, executors and administrators forever, in trust to realize the same in the manner deemed by them the most advisable, and keep the same invested in such manner as they in their discretion may deem most advantageous, and to appropriate and use the income or principal thereof for the purpoge of founding and supporting, or uniting

HAYES v. PRATT:
Statement of the Case.
in the support of any institution that may be then founded, to furnish a retreat and home for disabled or aged and infirm and deserving American mechanics.
"Item. To better enable my said executors to carry out and perfect my intentions as expressed in the last foregoing item, I authorize and empower them to sell all or any of my real estate, either at public or private sale, either for cash or part cash, and reserving ground rent or taking mortgage for the purchase money, as the case may be, without any liability of the purchaser or purchasers thereof as to the application or misapplication of the purchase or consideration moneys.
"Lastly I nominate, constitute and appoint my brother, Jabez W Haves, and my friend, Dr. Lewis E. Wells, (and in the event of the death of either or both of them, then I appoint, first, Dundas Pratt, and next,, my 'brother in law, Horace H. Nichols, to supply vacancy,) to be the executors of this my will."
Dundas Pratt, named in the will, was Dundas T. Pratt, one of the original plaintiffs and present .appellees. It does not appear that Nichols ever did anything in regard to this trust.
Lewis E. Wells resided in Philadelphia, and proved the will and was appointed and qualified as executor thereof in the orphans' court of Philadelphia on June 20, 1857, and, with the knowledge of Jabez W Hayes, took care of the property in Pennsylvania and in Michigan.
Jabez W Haves resided in Newark, and proved the will and was, appointed and qualified as executor thereof in the orphans' court of Essex county in New Jersey on August 4, 185'T, and, with the knowledge of Wells, took care of the property in New Jersev
On June 21, 1S58, Wells and Pratt, together with Ferdinand J. Dreer, the former partner of the testator, and other 'citizens of Pennsylvania, were duly incorporated, under the general laws of Pennsylvania, as the Hayes Mechanics' Home, with the object of "the founding and providing of a retreat gnd home for disabled, aged or infirm and deserving American mechanics." Dreer was president and Pratt secretary of the

OCTOBER TERM, 1892.
Statement of the Case.
corporation from the beginning, and Wells was treasurer of the corporation 'from its organization until 1873, when he was removed and another treasurer chosen, and Pratt afterwards became treasurer.
On March 16, 1861, the lgislature of Pennsylvania, at the instance of Wells as acting executor, passed an act, reciting that the Hayes Mechanics' Home had been incorporated as ,aforesaid "for the purpose of founding a home for disabled, aged or infirm and deserving American mechanics, and with the intention of carrying into effect the charitable objects provided for by the last will and testament of George Hayes, deceased, late of the city of Philadelphia;" ratifying and confirming its charter; and empowering it to take and hold the property devised and bequeathed by George Hayes as aforesaid. Penn. Laws of 1861, c. 117, p. 132.
Wells paid all the testator's debts and legacies, and, in 1864, settled in the orphans' court of Philadelphia the account of his administration of the property in Pennsylvania, and paid to the Hayes Mechanics' Home the balance of the personal estate in his hands, amounting to $13,789, and also, in obedience to an order of that court, (upon the petition of the corporation, stating that settlement and payment, the provision of the will, the charter of the corporation, and the act of the legislature,) conveyed to that corporation the land in Pennsylvania, valued by an examiner of that court at $12,000, and the land in Michigan, valued at $17,000. The property so received and the proceeds of sales thereof were afterwards invested so that, besides paying $10,000 in 1859 for a tract of sixteen acres of land as a site for a building, they amounted in May, 1884, (including $11,500 received froln other persons,) to $92,000. The building was actually begun a few months after the filing of this bill.
Wells died in 1876, never having done anything about the real estate in New Jersey, although he knew of its existence.
There was in the city of Newark an institution called the Hospital of St. Barnabas, incorporated by an act of the legislature of 'New Jersey of February 13, 1867, c. 32, which provided that the object of the corporation should be "the care,

HAYES v. PRATT.
Statement of the Case.
nurture and maintenance of sick, infirm, aged and indigent persons, and of orphan, half orphan and destitute children, the providing for their temporal and spiritual welfare, and the procuring or erecting a suitable building or buildings," and that its members and trustees should be members of the Protestant Episcopal Church, and the moral and religious instruction of the inmates should be in conformity with the doctrine, discipline and worship of that church. New Jersey Acts of 1867, p. 51. Its by-laws and rules provided that patients in a condition to be discharged, or whose disease was incurable, should not remain in the hospital, and that all persons able to pay for their maintenance should do so.
Jabez W Hayes often told his sons that he intended to devote the principal and income of the testator's property in Newark to the support of this hospital, and in 1870, and again in 1876, obtained the opinion of counsel that, under the provisions of the will of George Hayes, the executors would be authorized in their discretion to provide a permanent bed in this hospital for disabled or aged and infirm and deserving American mechanics. But he took no other steps in that direction, and died in January, 1882, without having rendered any account of his administration.
On December 12, 1882, the orphans' court of the county of Essex and State of New Jersey passed an order, reciting the probate of the will of George Hayes in that court, and that "Jabez W Hayes, after having taken upon himself the execution of said will in this State, has departed this life, that .due notice has been given of this application to Dundas Pratt, the only other surviving executor named in said will, and to all other parties in interest," and appointing "Henry Hayes administrator of all and singular the goods, chattels and credits of the said George Hayes, deceased, in the State of New Jersey, left unadmmistered by Jabez W Hays, deceased, who is duly authorized to administer the same agreeably to said will."
Before this appointment, and after Pratt had received notice of the application therefor, a correspondence took place between him and Henry Hayes, in which Pratt, while acqui-
VOL. cxLvii--36

OCTOBER TERM, 1892.
Statement of the Case.
escing in the appointment, insistAd that the testator's interest in the land in New Jersey (the existence of which had become known to him only since the death of Jabez W Hayes,) should go to the Hayes Mechanis' Home, and Henry Hayes expressed a wish that it should be applied, as his father had hoped, to a bed for mechanics in the hospital at Newark. On June 25, 1883, Henry Hayes, in answer to a letter from Pratt about the sale of this interest of the testator, wrote to him that he would not, of course, make any disposition of the money but a legal one, and that he would not dispose of it in any way without giving Pratt an opportunity to show that the Hayes Mechanics' Home was the only insfitution entitled to it.
Henry Hayes soon afterwards sold this property, and received money from the sale and from previous income thereof, and in October, 1884, made an offer to the Hospital of St. Barnabas, which that corporation accepted, to appropriate to its use the greater part of this money 5 and on January 8, 1884, settled his account in said orphans' court, showing a balance in his hands of $5153.27, and declined to pay it to Pratt, as executor of George Hayes, or as treasurer of the Hayes Mechanics' Home, and in March, 1881, without any order of court, and without Pratt's knowledge or consent, paid this balance to the Hospital of St. Barnabas, informing it of Pratt's claim, and taking from it a bond of indemnity, secured by a mortgage on real-estate; and the board of trustees of, that corporation, on March 17, 1884, "resolved, that the Hospital of St. Barnabas consents to receive said fund, and it hereby agrees to use such fund solely for the purpose of furnishing a retreat and home for disabled or aged and infirm and deserving American mechanics, in accordance with the will of the late George Hayes," and, on July 1, 1885, having meanwhile completed a new hospital building, "resolved, that a suitable part of the building be fitted up with two beds to be devoted especially to the purposes mentioned by the testator, and that a tablet be placed upon the walls as an indication of these uses and a memorial of the donor of the fund."

HAYES v. PRATT.
Argument for Appellant.
On May 10, 1884, in the orphans? court of Philadelphia, (as appeared by an exemplified copy of the record of the appointment, filed with the bill in this case,) "Jabez W Haves and Lewis E. Wells, two of the executors named in said will, being dead, letters testamentary were duly granted unto Dundas T. Pratt, surviving executor ;" and Pratt was duly qualified "as the succeeding executor of the foregoing last will and testament of George Hayes, deceased." At that time, there was no estate of the testator, which had notobeen duly administered, except so far as the property in New Jersey could be so considered, and Pratt testified that his only object in being appointed was to sue for and recover that property, that he supposed that the Hayes Mechanices' Home could itself pursue that fund, but was advised that he, as executor, should claim it.
The Oircuit Court "ordered, adjudged and decreed that the respondent, Henry Hayes, administrator of the estate of George Hayes, in the State of New Jersev, pay to the complainant, Dundas T. Pratt, treasurer of the Hayes Mechanics' Home, a corporation of the State of Pennsylvania, and for and in behalf of said corporation, the sum of $5153.27, with interest from January 10, 1884, being the balance in his hands, as administrator aforesaid, on settlement of his account in the orphans' court of Essex county, New Jersey," with costs.
XrA A. Q. Keasbey for appellant.
I. The Hayes Mechanics' Home had no legal or equitable claim upon the defendant in this suit. He had assumed no trust relation with that corporation. Therefore that home had no standing in New Jersey to demand by suit anything from the defendant, as administrator of the estate of George Hayes in New Jersey, and the decree enforcing such demand directly in its favor should be reversed.
II. Dundas T. Pratt, in his capacity of succeeding executor in Pennsylvania, had no right to make any such claim.
The granting of letters testamentary to him twenty years after the estate had been. settled and all the functions of the executor ended in Pennsylvania, was a work of super-

OCTOBER TERM, 1892.
Argument for Appellant.
erogation. There was nothing in Pennsylvania for him to administer 'and could not be, for by the records of the orphans' court, it appears that the whole of the Pennsylvania property was administered and applied according to the will of the Pennsylvania executor in the discharge of his trust. In like manner all the New Jersey property had before his appointment been applied by the New Jc-sey executor in discharge of the same trust, so far as it was imposed upon him. The Pennsylvania executor took no title to the New Jersey real estate and acquired no right as to the disposition of it.
III. But even if the Pennsylvania executor was authorized to obtain the New Jersey fund by transmission from this jurisdiction, or to dispose of it at his own discretion, he had no power to bring suit in the New Jersey jurisdiction against the representatives of the estate there, but his only remedy was to apply to the orphans' court in New Jersey for such direction as to such transmission as that court at its discretion under the circumstances of the case might see fit to make. Stacey v Thrash4er, 6 How 44, .Hoonan v. B adley, 9 Wall. 394:, fohnson v Powers, 139 U S. 156.
This foreign executor cannot demand as a right by a suit in the Court of Chancery, that the New Jersey executor shall account to him for the proceeds of the property in New Jersey devised to him by the will, or for the manner in which he has in his discretion disposed of that property
IV But even if the Pennsylvania executor had a right to sue the New Jersey administrator, or if he had applied to the probate court of New Jersey for an order directing its administrator to transmit the residue in his hands to Pennsylvania for administration there, he could mot have recovered in a suit, nor would the orphans' court have been bound to make any order for such transmission. There is no obligation to make such transmission. It is only a matter of comity, and depends wholly upon the circumstances of the case, and in this case there are no circumstances which call for the exercise of such comity
There is nothing left for the new executor, appointed in Pennsylvania, to do with respect to the subject matter of

HAYES v. PRATT.
Argument for Appellant.
George Hayes' estate. The executor appointed in Pennsylvania is functus officzo, and all his duties were closed twenty years ago. No considerations of comity and no principles of equity require that the acts done in New Jersey by the executor appointed there in the exercise of his discretion should be undone at the instance of a new executor in Pennsylvania, in order that he may have the privilege of exercising the discretion over again and applying the fund to a different purpose. -Dent's Appea;, 22 Penn. St. 514, Motidand v *Wi/eman, 3 Penn. 185, S. C. 23 Am. Dec. 71, In re Hughes, 95 N. Y 55, Hunter v. Bryson, 5 G. & J 483, S. C. 25 Am. Dec. 313, Carmchaelv. Bay, 5 Iredell, (Eq.) 365, Harvey v Richards, 1 Mason, 381, 5Xao1ey v. Coxe, 18 Hoky 100; XeLean v .AfeeTk, 18 How 16, Stacey v. Thrasher, 6 How 44, Tourton. v. Flower, 3 P Wins. 369, Borden v Borden, 5 Mass. 67, S. C. 4 Am. Dec. 32; Pond v .faepeace, 2 Met. 114, Chapman v Fi, 6 Hill, 554:, TVaughkn v Yorthrup, 15 Pet. 1, Banta v. -oore, 15 N. J Eq. (2 MeCarter,) 97, INormand v Grognard,17 N. 5. Eq. (2 Green,) 425, ..Mahnken's Case,36 N. J. Eq. (9 Stewart,) 518.
It follows that the Hayes Mechanics' Home, which has no interest in the estate itself, except that part of it which the Philadelphia executor has already chosen to give it, has no standing whatever in the Court of Chancery of New Jersey to recover another part of the estate which has already been bestowed updn another charitable corporation, nor has the Pennsylvania executor such an interest in the property in this State as to enable him to maintain such an action.
V The property in dispute in this case is the proceeds of the sale of real estate. The disposition of real estate is governed by the law of the place where it is situated. This law would govern the descent of land undisposed of by will, and by this law the question of the due execution of a will would be decided.
It is the general rule that the disposition of real estate is governed by the law of the place where it is situated, and when a testator appoints an executor in that place, and gives him power to sell real estate, the presumption is that he in-

OCTOBER TERM, 1892.
Opinon of the Court.
tends him to have power over his real estate there, and that he may sell it according to the laws of the place where it is, and may also dispose of the proceeds as well as of the land itself, under the directions of the will.
Even with respect to personal property there is a tendency to limit the rule that it is governed by the law of the domicil. The distribution of personal property in cases of intestacy is according to the law of the domicil, but yet so far as it concerns creditors it depends on the law of the country where it is situated. .AXilne v. -Moreton, 6 Binney, 353, S. C. 6 Am. Dec. 466, Farmers'&.Mehans2s'Bankv Zoftus, 133 Penn. St. 97.
VI. It is the general result of the cases that the disposition of the residue of an estate in the hands of an ancillary executor or administrator is wholly a matter of discretion, and that there is no rule or principle which requires that the funds which were m the hands of this administrator with the will annexed, should have been sent into a foreign jurisdiction as against any proper claims here, whether of creditors, legatees named in the will, or objects of the testator's bounty and charity, selected by his executor here in pursuance of the power of the will, and all the cases show that the foreign executor or administrator has no right to meddle with the estate here or sue for it, unless such power is given, on proper application to the courts of this jurisdiction.
In this case such discretion ought not to be exercised in favor of sending the proceeds of real estate in New Jersey out of the State for the purpose of applying it to purposes not contemplated by the New Jersey executor who held the title to the property
-Mr John R. Emery for appellees.
M . JUsTIcE 0G-Ay, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
George Hayes, by his will, devised and bequeathed the residue of his estate, real and personal, to his executors, in trust to sell and invest at their discretion, "and to appropriate and use the principal or income thereof, for the purpose of

HAYES v. PRATT.
Opinion of the Court.
founding and supporting, or uniting in the support of any institution that may be then founded, to furnish a retreat and home for disabled or aged and infirm and deserving American mechanics."
The primary, if not the only, intention of the testator evidently was that his bounty should go to a single institution, "a retreat and home for disabled or aged and infirm and deserving American mechanics," either by founding, as well as supporting, a new institution, or by aiding in the support of one founded by others. The validity of the charitable trust is undoubted, notwithstanding that the trustees might appropriate the fund to an institution established after the testator's death. Jones v Habersham, 107 U. S. 174, 191, Cu'ran's Appeal, 4 Pennypacker, 331, Taylor v Bryn .Mawr College, 7 Stewart, (34 N. J. Eq.) 101.
The execution of this trust was committed by the. testator to the executors named in the will, first, to Jabez W Hayes and Lewis E. Wells, and next, in the event of the death of either or both of these, to Dundas Pratt and Horace H. Nichols, successively So long as any one of the four is living, and has not declined the office of executor, or been shown to be unsuitable, no other person can execute the trust. And it is doubtful, to say the least, whether the trust is not such a personal confidence reposed by the testator in the persons named, that it would in no event pass to an administrator with the will annexed, but must, if all those named in the will should die before full performance of the trust, be executed by a trustee specially appointed for the purpose. Ingle v ones, 9 Wall. 486, 497, 498.
Of the two executors first named, Jabez W Hayes being a citizen of New Jersey, and Lewis F. Wells a citizen of Pennsylvania, each proved the will and took out letters testamentary in his own State, and assumed the care and management of the property in that State, and Wells also took control of the property in Michigan. But such an arrangement, however convenient, cannot affect the duty of either or both of the executors, or of the court, to see that the trust is carried out according to the testator's intention.

OCTOBER TER-M, 1892.
Opinion of the Court.
The testator was born and for many years lived in New Jersey, but his domicil at the time of his death and for ten years before was in Pennsylvania. A small part only of his property was in New Jersey, and the greater part was in Pennsylvania and Michigan. The Hayes Mechanics' Home was incorporated within thirteen months after his death by his partner, by Wells, his Pennsylvania executor, by Pratt, now his executor, and by other citizens of Pennsylvania, under the laws of that State, for the purpose of founding and supporting "a retreat and home for disabled, aged or infirm and deserving American mechanics," as contemplated in his will. Wells settled his account as executor in the proper court of Pennsylvama, and paid over the balance of personal property in his hands to the Hayes Mechanics' Home, and also, by order of that court, conveyed to that corporation the lands in Pennsylvania and in Michigan, and the validity of the payment and conveyance has not been impugned. In short, the whole of the residue of the testator's property, real and personal, except the comparatively small amount now in controversy, has been appropriated, with the approval of the legislature and of the courts of his domicil, in a manner to carry out his charitable intent in accordance with the letter and spirit of his will.
Jabez W Hayes, the executor appointed in New Jersey, died in January, 1882, having done nothing towards carrying out the charitable intent of the testator, beyond obtaining the advice of counsel that the executors (not that he alone) might lawfully appropriate the property in New Jersey to the support of the Hospital of St. Barnabas in Newark.
After his death, Henry Hayes was appointed by the orphans' court in New Jersey to be administrator of the unadministered "goods, chattels and credits" of George Hayes in New Jersey As already indicated, it is difficult to see how this appointment could- give him any title in or power over the real estate devised to the executors in trust. But if it can be treated as vesting in him the title to the real estate in New Jersey, it.certainly did not authorize him to undertake the performance of the charitable trust created by the will, so

HAYES v. PRATT.
Opinion of the Court.
long as Pratt, one of the alternative executors and trustees therein named, was still alive, had never declined the trust, and had not even known, until recently, of the existence of any estate of the testator not already disposed of according to his will.
Moreover, to apply the fund, received by the defendant from the sale of the real estate in New Jersey, to the maintenance of a free bed in the Hospital of St. Barnabas under the charter and rules of that institution, would be much less in accord with the intention of the testator, as expressed in his will, than to add this fund to his other property already devoted to the foundation and support of the Hayes Mechanics' Home.
Both the original executors being dead, and Pratt, the successor next named in the will, having been appointed sole executor in their stead, he is the only person authorized to execute the charitable trust of the testator, so far as anything remains to be done with regard to it.
It was objected that Pratt, as executor appointed m Pennsylvania, could not sue in New Jersey without taking out letters testamentary in that State. But this objection is answered by the statute of New Jersey of 1879, c. 16, which enacts that "any executor or administrator, by virtue of letters obtained in another State, may prosecute any action in any court of this State, without first taking out letters in this State provided such executor or administrator shall, upon commencing suit, file in the office of the clerk of the court in which such suit shall be brought an exemplified copy of the record of his or their appointment," which has been done in this case. New Jersey Acts of 1879, p. 28, Lawrence v Z-el eom, 143 U. S. -215. -,
It was further objected that since the orphans' court tBad been vested by the statute of New Jersey of 1872, c. 340, with the power, upon allowing the accounts of executors, or of administrators with the will annexed, to order distribution of the residue in accordance with the will, application should have been made to that court. New Jersey Acts of 1872, p. 47, But the statutes of the State conferring jurisdiction upon

OCTOBER TERM, 1892.
Opmion of the Court.
the orphans' court do not even affect the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of New Jersey over the settlement of estates. Frey v Demarest, 1 0. E. Green, (16 N. J. Eq.) 236, Coddington v Bisp an, 9 Stewart, (36 N. J. Eq.) 224, 514, Houston v. Levy, 17 Stew (44 N. J Eq.) 6. Certainly, no such statutes can defeat or impair the general equity jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of the United States to.administer, as between citizens of different States, the assets of a deceased person within its jurisdiction. Green v. Cre/ghton, 23 How 90, Payne *v.Hooke, 7 Wall 425, Lawrence v. .AT7elon, 143 U. S. 215.
The defendant, as administrator with the will annexed of George Hayes, having received money from the income and sale of his real estate, and settled his account therefor in the court which appointed him, and having, without any order of court, and without right, and with notice of Pratt's claim, paid the money Jo the Hospital of St. Barnabas, taking from that corporation a bond of indemnity, was rightly held liable to account for it, with interest from the date when he so settled his account after having determined so to pay it.
There being no one in New Jersey having any right to or claim upon this fund, and no special reason being shown for administering it in :New Jersey, it should, upon familiar principles, be transmitted to the executor appointed at the testator's domicil for distribution. Vilk'ns v. Ellett, 9 Wall. 740, -742, Earvey v. R'zchards, 1 Mason, 381, 412, 413, _Yormand v. Grognard, 2 C. E. Green (17 N. J Eq.) 425, 428.
Pratt, being the executor appointed in the State of the testator's :domicil, and the trustee charged with the administration of the charitable trust, is the only person entitled to maintaan this suit. The joinder of the Hayes Mechanics' Home as a plaintiff was unnecessary, and perhaps improper, but not having been objected to, by demurrer or otherwise, in the court below,. it affords no ground for refusing relief. The decree of the Circuit Court is irregular in that it directs payment to be made to Pratt as treasurer of the Hayes

