ISRAEL v. ARTHUR.
Statement of the Case.
these could not be adjudicated in the absence of Harper as a party, and we therefore think the court below did not err in sustaining the demurrer for that reason.
Upon the whole, we are of opinion that the decree of the court below, in sustaining the demurrer, and in dismissing the bill, should be
_______Afa-med.
ISRAEL v. ARTHUR.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF COLORADO.
No. 903. Submitted January 29, 1894.-Decided Muarch 12,1894.
This court has no jurisdiction to revise the decision of the highest court of a State, in an action at law, upon a pure question of fact, although a Federal question might arise if the question of fact were decided in a particular way.
The decision by the highest court of a State that a woman divorced from her husband in a proceeding instituted by him and by a decree which does not bind her, who marries another husband, and lives with him as his wife, is thereby estopped, after the death of the first husband, from setting up a claim to a widow's share in the distribution of his estate, presents no Federal question for revision by this court.
MOTION to dismiss. Abbie A. Israel, under the name of Abbie A. Arthur, filed her petition in the county court of Laramie County, Colorado, in the matter of the estate of John Arthur, deceased, May 17, 1881, alleging that John Arthur died intestate and without children; that she was his widow; that James B. Arthur had been appointed administrator and was in possession of decedent's property, and committing breaches of his duty as such; that he, as a brother of John Arthur, and certain other brothers and sisters, and descendants of a deceased sister, claimed to be entitled to the estate as heirs at law; and that the relationship of petitioner to the decedent and her rights in his estate were ignored; and she prayed that she might be declared the sole distributee of said estate, and heir at law of John Arthur, deceased, and that the administrator be required to account accordingly. The defendant an-

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Statement of the Case.
swered, denying any misappropriation of the estate, and that the petitioner was then or ever had been the widow of John Arthur; and for a second defence, defendant, admitting the intermarriage of petitioner with John Arthur, alleged that on February 9, 1875, a decree was duly entered by the county court of Laramie County in favor of John Arthur and against petitioner, dissolving the bonds of matrimony theretofore existing between them; and for a further defence alleged that on June 12, 1877, a second decree of divorce was duly made and entered in said court in favor of John Arthur and against petitioner. Replication was filed July 21,1881, denying the new matter in the answer. On Mvarch 30, 1884, petitioner filed her amended and supplemental petition to her original petition, wherefrom it appeared that the judgment of the county court on the trial of the issues made as above stated was against petitioner, but that that judgment was reversed by the Supreme Court of Colorado, as were also the decrees of divorce of 1875 and 1877, both of which were held to be null and void and of no effect for want of jurisdiction. ]sraelv. A'rthur,7 Colorado, 5; Id. 12; 6 Colorado, 85.
The amended and supplemental petition detailed alleged misfeasances aid wastes of the administrator and reiterated petitioner's claim to the proceeds of the estate as the widow of John Arthur, and prayed relief. The amended and supplemental answer of the defendant, filed April 9, 1884, admitted that the decrees of divorce were voidable at the option of petitioner for want of due and legal service upon her, but averred that after the decrees were rendered, petitioner, with full knowledge thereof, "ratified, affirmed, assented to, and acquiesced in the same and each of them in this, to wit, in that after the same had been rendered and in the lifetime of the said John Arthur, the said defendaut,by force and virtue of the said decrees and under and in pursuance thereof, entered voluntarily into a contract of marriage with one James H. Israel and caused and procured the said contract of marriage to be duly and legally solemnized, and thereunder took upon herself and assumed the relations of wife to the said James H. Israel, and thenceforward and at all times thereafter continuously, by virtue of

ISRAEL v. ARTHUR.
Statement of the Case.
the said solemnization of said marriage contract, lived and cohabited with the said James H. Israel as his wife until and ever since the death of the said John Arthur."
The answer also set forth the particulars of the elopement of petitioner with and marriage to Israel, and grounds why it had been impossible for the administrator to learn the facts in time to plead them to the original petition.
In a further answer, filed the same day, the charges of waste and misfeasance were denied. To this answer a demurrer was interposed April 28, 1884. A further supplemental answer was filed August 28, 1884, setting up that the administrator had in all things faithfully discharged the duties of his trust and administered the estate and was ready to make his final accounting whenever required by order of court. To this answer a replication was filed by petitioner September 23, 1884.
The record proper does not show the action either of the county court or of the Supreme Court on these pleadings, but in the opinion of the Supreme Court of Colorado in this case it appears that judgment was rendered in favor of the petitioner and the cause again taken to the Supreme Court, which held that the facts set up in the amended answer were sufficient to debar or estop petitioner from claiming any property rights as the widow of John Arthur, deceased.
Upon the cause being again remanded to the county court the petitioner filed a new replication, January 27, 1891, to the amended and supplemental answer of the administrator, averring the alleged decrees of divorce to be absolute nullities, and that the Supreme Court of the State had so declared, and that the administrator was thereby estopped from saying that she was not the widow of John Arthur when he died; and the replication proceeded as follows:
"And this petitioner avers that she is a citizen of the United States and a citizen of the State of Colorado, and, as widow of said John Arthur, deceased, as aforesaid, she became at his death the sole heir of his said estate, consisting of certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments and personal property at the said county of Laramie, and as such heir-at-law of him,

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Statement of the Case.
the said John Arthur, the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments immediately vested in her and she is now and ever since has been seized of the same and entitled to the possession, use, and enjoyment of the same; that the personal estate of him, the said John Arthur, was and is more than sufficient to pay all the debts of him, the said John Arthur, and that she, the said petitioner, as such sole heir, is the sole distributee of the said personal estate after the payment of said debts and the cost of administration, and the same and the right thereto became thereupon vested in her and thence hitherto has been vested in her as an indefeasible right guaranteed to her by the laws and constitution of the State of Colorado and by the Constitution of the United States, and that she has never been summoned or impleaded in any court or action in which any of her said rights or property have been adjudged lost, forfeited, or taken from her by any due process of law; that the Supreme Court of this State in its judgments heretofore rendered has declared and adjudged that this petitioner was the widow of the said John Arthur at the time of his decease, and that such decisions constitute the law of this case, and that by virtue of the laws of the State of Colorado she is, as such widow, the sole heir of him, the said John Arthur; that a judgment of this court dismissing her said petition and giving her said property to others would, if affirmed by the Supreme Court of this State, be the taking of her private property without due process of law, in contravention of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States; that a judgment of this court dismissing her said petition for the commission of supposed crimes averred in said supplemental answer to have been committed by her would, if affirmed by the Supreme Court of this State, constitute an ex post facto law of the State of Colorado, in contravention of section ten, article one, of the Constitution of the United States; that a judgment of this court dismissing her said petition for the supposed crimes alleged in said supplemental answer to have been committed by her would, if affirmed by the Supreme Court of this State, constitute a law of attainder of the State

ISRAEL v. ARTHUR.
Statement of the Case.
of Colorado, in contravention of section ten, article one, of the Constitution of the United States; that a judgment of this court dismissing her said petition and transferring her said property to others would, if affirmed by the Supreme Court of this State, constitute an act of judicial legislation without the sanction of law and against the rights of this petitioner guaranteed to her by both the constitution of this State and the Constitution of the United States.
"And this petitioner denies that after the said pretended decrees of divorce were rendered, she with full or any knowledge that they had been rendered, or otherwise or at all, ratified or affirmed or assented to or acquiesced in the same or either of them; denies that there were any decrees to ratify, affirm, assent to, or acquiesce in, and avers that the pretended judgments and decrees of divorce mentioned in said amended and supplemental answer were nil and could not be ratified or affirmed or assented to or acquiesced in by her.
"Denies that said pretended judgments or decrees of divorce had or were of any force or virtue; denies that in the lifetime of the said John Arthur, by force and virtue of said pretended decrees or under or in pursuance therdof or otherwise, she entered voluntarily or otherwise into a contract of marriage with one James H. Israel; denies that she caused or procured any contract of marriage to be duly or legally or at all solemnized between herself and the said James H. Israel in the lifetime of the said John Arthur; denies that any contract of marriage could hive been duly and legally solemnized between her and the said James H. Israel in the lifetime of her late husband, the said John Arthur, deceased; and this said petitioner denies that in the lifetime of said John Arthur, upon the supposed knowledge that the said pretended decrees of divorce had been rendered coming to the said petitioner and the said James H. Israel, she desired to use the said supposed privilege conferred by said pretended decrees or to accept the supposed benefit thereof, and denies that she procured a marriage to be solemnized between her and the said James H. Israel in the lifetime of her late husband, John Arthur, deceased, and she avers that said pretended decrees of

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Statement of the Case.
divorce conferred no privilege she could use and provided no benefits whatever which she could have accepted."
She further denied that she and Israel went away from the place where they were living to some place unknown or remote therefrom, or were married secretly in due form of law in the lifetime of John Arthur, or that she had ever admitted or confessed that she had been duly or at all married to Israel after the rendition of the pretended decrees and in the lifetime of Arthur, as averred in the answer.
On June 8, 1891, the case came on for trial in the county court, and the following appears in the bill of exceptions:
"Thereupon on behalf of the petitioner it was stipulated and admitted by the respondent that the decrees set up in the respondent's amended and supplemental answer were rendered as therein alleged, and that the same are and were void when rendered, and that the only question now being tried is as to whether the plaintiff is estopped by her conduct as alleged in said answer to dispute or contest the validity of said decrees or whether she has ratified them by her conduct."
The testimony introduced on both sides is then set forth. The county court foifnd in favor of defendant, and gave judgment, June 23, 1891, with costs, "that the petitioner, Abbie A. Israel, of right ought to be and is estopped to aver or claim that she is the widow or heir of the said John Arthur, deceased, or the distributee of his estate. Wherefore it is considered, adjudged, and decreed by the court that the petition of the said petitioner be and the same is hereby denied and dismissed." The cause was taken by writ of error to the *Supreme Court of Colorado, and on June 11, 1893, that court rendered its judgment, affirming the judgment of the county court. The court reviewed the evidence, and held that the proof was sufficient to warrant the trial court in finding that plaintiff in error had actually contracted and consummated the marriage between herself and the second husband before the death of the first, and that the substance of the issue formed upon the amended complaint was proved; and the ruling in Arthur v. Israel,15 Colorado, 147, that the amended answer was sufficient in law to debar or estop petitioner

ISRAEL v. ARTHUR.
Opinion of the Court.
from claiming any property rights as the widow of John Arthur, deceased, was reaffirmed. Israel v. Arthur, 18 Colorado, 158. A petition for rehearing was filed and overruled, and thereupon a writ of error was allowed to this court, which defendant in error moved to dismiss.
.Mr. George A. King for the motion.
.Xr. Westbrook S. Decker and M. . J. O'Donnellopposing.
31n. CmEF JUSTIcE FuLLER, after stating the facts, delivered the opinion of the court.
It is not sufficient for the maintenance of our jurisdiction to review the judgments of state courts, that a right, title, privilege, or immunity under the Constitution of the United States may have been claimed, but such right, title, privilege, or immunity must have been denied. Assuming that plaintiff in error, by her replication of January 27, 1891, duly set up a right of protection under the Constitution, yet if she were debarred from asserting property rights in the estate of John Arthur, as his widow, then that right was not denied for want of the subject-matter to be protected.
The Supreme Court of Colorado ruled in Arthur v. Israel, 15 Colorado, 147, that public policy required "that, so far as may be consistent with fundamental principles of law, one who has attempted to profit by a supposed divorce, and has exercised the resulting privilege of remarriage, shall not, for the mere purpose of obtaining property, be permitted to repudiate his election;" and that "when, therefore, the wife, without cause, deserts her husband and home, and for years lives in adultery with another man, and afterwards, upon learning that a divorce has been obtained by her deserted husband, causes a marriage ceremony with her paramour to be solemnized, and continuously lives and cohabits with him as his wife, she may not, upon the subsequent decease of her abandoned husband, take advantage of the fact that the divorce decree is void for want of proper service of process, and successfully assert against other heirs her right under the

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
statute of descents and distribution to deceased's estate as his: widow." And on the subsequent writ of error it sustained the judgment of the county court against plaintiff in error upon the facts.
With the conclusion on the facts we have nothing to do, and the conclusions of law were conclusions in matters of local and general law which suggest no Federal question.
By stipulation of record plaintiff in error admitted at thetrial that, the invalidity of the divorce decrees being conceded, the only question to be tried was whether she was "estopped by her conduct as alleged in said answer to dispute or contest the validity of said decrees, or whether she has ratified them by her conduct."
That question was determined against her, and the judgment rested solely on the ground that she could not under the facts be allowed, as to John Arthur's personal estate, to assert the property rights conferred by law upon a widow. To review that judgment would be to overhaul the application by a state court of principles of public policy and of estoppel, which it is not within our province to do. This was so held in
larrow v. Brinkley, 129 U. S. 178, and in effect in many other cases. Adams County v. Burlington & .MlissouriRailroad, 112 U. S. 123; Chouteau v. Gibson, 111 U. S. 200; Beauyrc v. Noyes, 138 U. S. 397.
In Eustis v. Bolles, 150 U. S. 361, it was ruled that a decision by the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts that a creditor of an insolvent debtor who proved his debt in insolvency proceedings under the state statutes and accepted the benefits thereof, thereby waived any right he might otherwise have had to object to the validity of the insolvency statutes as impairing the obligation of contracts, presented no Federal question for review. And it has been often held, at least in actions at law, that this court has no jurisdiction to revise the decision of the highest court of a State upon a pure question of fact, although a Federal question might arise if the question of fact were decided in a particular way. Dower v. Richards, i51 U. S. 658, and cases cited.
Wfrit of error dismissed.

HACLAY. v. EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SO'TY. 499
Statement of the Case.
them had no connection, in law, with the mortgage executed by the railway company to the Union Trust Company, under which the property was purchased by S. H. Horner at public sale ordered by the decree of a court that had full jurisdiction of the parties and the subject-matter.
Looking at all the allegations of the bill, we are of opinion that the plaintiffs were not entitled to the relief asked.
Decree a.fflrmed.
MR. JusTIcE WHITE, not having been a member of the court when this case was argued, took no part in its decision.
MACLAY v. EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURAIE SOCIETY.
ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA.
No. 281. Argued and submitted March 14,1894. -Decided March 26, 1894.
A guardian of a minor, to whom a policy of life insurance on the tontine dividend plan is payable, is authorized, after the completion of the tontine dividend period, and upon receiving its actual surrender value, to discharge the policy, without any order of court; notwithstanding the provisions of the statutes of Mississippi, authorizing him to obtain an order of court for the sale of personal property, or for the sale or compromise of claims.
THIS was an action, brought February 12, 1889, in the civil district court for the parish of Orleans in the State of Louisiana, by Robert P. Maclay, a citizen of Louisiana, and tutor of Mason Snowden, a minor child and sole issue of Samuel H. Snowden and Mary Louisa, his wife, against the Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States, a corporation of New York; and removed by the defendant into the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana; to recover the sum of $10,000, with accrued dividends, less any amounts due for premiums, upon a policy, dated July 6, 1870, by which the defendant, in consideration of the sum of $67.70 paid by Mrs. Snowden, and of quarterly

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Statement of the Case.
premiums of a like sum to be paid on the fifth days of October, January, April and July in every year during the continuance of the policy, insured "the life of the said Samuel H. Snowden, of New Orleans, in the parish of Orleans, State of Louisiana, for the sole use of the said wife, in the amount of $10,000, for the term of his natural life;" and promised to pay that amount at its office in the city of New York to her, if living, and, if not living, to his children, "or their guardian, for their use," or, if there should be no such children surviving, then to his executors, administrators or assigns, in sixty days after due notice and satisfactory proof of his death during the continuance of the policy, the balance of the year's premium, if any, being first deducted therefrom.
The policy declared that it was "issued and accepted by the assured upon the following special agreements and conditions, relative to tontine dividend policies:
'First. That this policy is issued under the tontine dividend plan, class A.
"Second. That the tontine dividend period for this policy shall be completed on the first day of June in the year eighteen hundred and eighty-six.
"Third. That no dividend shall be allowed or paid upon this policy, unless the person whose life is hereby assured shall survive until the completion of its tontine dividend period, and unless this policy shall be then in force.
"Fourth. That all surplus or profits derived from such policies, in any class on the.tontine dividend plan, as shall cease to be in force before the completion of their respective tontine dividend periods, shall be apportioned equitably among such policies of the same class as shall complete their tontine dividend periods.
"Fifth. That the tontine dividend, when made, shall be applied only to the purchase of an annuity to reduce premiums during the whole subsequent continuance of this policy; and that the first payment of such annuity shall be due at the commencement of the assurance year of the policy immediately succeeding the year in which the tontine dividend period of this policy shall be completed; provided, that if in any year

MAOLAY v. EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOO'TY. 501
Statement of the Case.
the amount derived from dividends on this policy shall exceed the amount of premiums due thereon, the excess shall be paid in cash to said Samuel H. Snowden or assigns.
"Sixth. That previous to the completion of its tontine dividend period this policy shall have no surrender value in cash or in a paid-up policy."
Mrs. Snowden died August 3, 1883, in the State of Mississippi. Under the laws of Mississippi, Samuel H. Snowden was appointed by the chancery court of Wilkinson county in that State on December 4, 1883, administrator of her personal estate, and gave bond as such, describing himself as of that county and State; and on March 4, 1884, was appointed by the same court, guardian of the person, and of the estate, real and personal, of their child.
On July 19, 1886, the tontine period on the policy having been reached, and the policy having a surrender value, which was proved to have been $3170.40, Samuel H. Snowden, as such guardian, without any application to said chancery court for an order specially authorizing him to do so, requested of the defendant payment of this surrender value, and received the full amount thereof, and gave the defendant a receipt therefor, attaching to his receipt his letters of guardi~nship.
On March 9, 1888, Samuel H. Snowden died. On April 5, 1888, the plaintiff was appointed and qualified, in Louisiana, tutor of the minor, and afterwards brought this action.
The question in controversy was whether the receipt of the surrender value of the policy by Samuel H. Snowden, as guardian of the minor, was a discharge of the policy.
Upon proof of the foregoing facts, the plaintiff requested the court to instruct the jury "that the receipt of the said amount and discharge of the policy was invalid, and did not bind the ward; and the said guardian, S. H. Snowden, in receiving it and in attempting to discharge the insurance policy, had no authority of the court or of a family meeting or any other authority, excepting that which was vested in him as guardian of the minor under the laws of Mississippi; that the transaction was either a compromise or a sale of a debt,

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Counsel for Parties.
and therefore was contrary to sections 2065, 2106 and 2110 of the Revised Statutes of Mississippi of 1880," which are copied in the margin.1
The court refused to give each of the instructions requested; and instructed the jury "that the transaction on the part of the former guardian, by which he received the surrender value of the policy, was neither a compromise nor a sale of a debt, but, on the other hand, was the collection of a debt which was due in the alternative at the option of the guardian, and that the guardian had authority as a common-law guardian under the laws of Mississippi to make such collection."
The plaintiff excepted to the refusal to give each of the instructions requested, as well as to the instructions given; and, after verdict and judgment for the defendant, tendered a bill of exceptions, and sued out this writ of error.
AXr. Frank L. Richardson,for plaintiff in error, submitted
on his brief.
.Mr. Charles B. Alexander for defendant in error.
ISEc. 2065. The chancery court may, by decree, authorize any executor or administrator to sell or compromise any claims due the estate, which cannot be readily collected, if the executor or administrator shall petition for that purpose, and shall show that such sale or compromise will promote the interests of the estate. But no such order of sale shall be made until twelve months have elapsed from the grant of the letters. And if a sale be ordered, it shall be made at the court-house door for cash to the highest bidder; but the executor or administrator shall first give twenty days' notice of the time and place of such sale, by advertising the same in a newspaper printed in the county, if there be such, but if not, then in a newspaper published in some convenient county. And the executor or administrator shall make report in writing, of sales and compromises made according to the provisions of this section, to the next succeeding term of the court, which may then be confirmed, unless good cause be shown for setting the same aside.
Sc. 2106. The court may order a sale of personal property of a ward, whenever the interest of such ward will be promoted thereby, which sale shall be made as directed by the court.
SEC. 2110. Guardians may be empowered by the court to sell or compromise claims due their wards, on the same terms prescribed in reference to the sale or compromise of claims due estates of deceased persons.

MACLAY v. EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOO'TY. 503
Opinion of the Court.
MR. JUSTICE GRAY, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
By the terms of the policy sued on, the amount of the insurance upon the life of Samuel H. Snowden was payable, after notice and proof of his death, to his wife, if living, and if not living, to his children, or their guardian, for their use.
It was proved at the trial that the wife died in Mississippi; that the husband was thereupon appointed, under the laws of Mississippi and by the chancery court of the county of Wilkinson in that State, administrator of her estate, and guardian of the person and property of their only child; and that he described himself, in his administration bond, as of the same county and State. It may be assumed, therefore, that the domicil of himself and his ward at that time was in Mississippi; and it is not suggested that he was not lawfully appointed guardian.
A guardian, unless his powers in this respect are restricted by statute, is authorized, by virtue of his office, and without any order of court, to sell his ward's personal property and reinvest the proceeds, and to collect or compromise and release debts due to the ward, subject to the liability to be called to account in the proper court if he has acted without due regard to the ward's interest. Lamar v. MLcou, 112 U. S. 452, 475; Field v. Schieffelin, 7 Johns. Oh. 150, 154; Ellis v. Essex .MerriraeBridge, 2 Pick. 243; Ordinaryv. .Dean,15 Vroom, (44 N. J. Law,) 64, 67 ; Pierson v. Shwre, West Ch. 711 ; S. C. I Atk. 480; Inwood v. Twyne, Ambler, 417, 419; S. C. 2 Eden, 148, 152.
In the case at bar, the validity of the receipt by the father, as such guardian, of the surrender value of the policy, in discharge of all further claim under it, is contested by the plaintiff, (appointed in Louisiana, since the father's death, tutor or guardian of the minor,) upon the ground that it was a compromise or sale of a debt due the ward, unauthorized by the law of Mississippi, because the statutes of that State provide that the chancery court may empower a guardian to sell

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
personal property of his ward, or to sell or compromise claims due to the ward, as therein directed. Miss. Rev. Stat. of 1880, §§ 2065, 2106, 2110.
But those statutes, limiting the general power of disposition which executors and administrators, as well as guardians, had at common law, have been strictly construed by the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Bland v. .Muncaster,24 Mississippi, 62, 65. Sales of personal property by executors or administrators have been held by that court to be void, because of other provisions of the statutes, making an order of court essential to the validity of such sales, except in specified cases. See
§§ 2032, 2033, 2035, 2038, 2071i Hutchinson's Code, c. 49, § 109; Cable v. Ifartin, 1 How. (.Miss.) 558, 561; Wortem. v.
EFowar'd, 2 Sm. & Marsh. 527, 529; Gelstrop v. Moore, 26 Mississippi, 206, 209. But the statutes relied on, so far as they relate to guardians, would seem to be permissive and not restrictive, and only to provide a mode by which the guardian may obtain in advance a judicial approval of such a sale or compromise, and thereby, in the absence of fraud, establish that it is for the interest of the ward, instead of leaving that fact open to dispute at a future day.
However that may be, the guardian was certainly authorized to collect for the benefit of his ward any amount due under the policy, and had the right and the duty to elect, either to keep it in force by paying the premiums, or to surrender it in consideration of being paid at once its surrender value, whichever appeared to be most beneficial to the ward. Cooke v. -Bucks,34 Mississippi, 105, 108; .Martinv. Tairver, 43 Mississippi, 517; Berry v. Parkes,3 Sm. & Marsh. 625; Chadvman v. Tihbits, 33 N. Y. 289. The amount received was proved to be the surrender value of the policy; and there is nothing to show, or even to raise a suspicion, that the action of the guardian was not for the best interest of the ward, upon the state of facts then existing.
Under the circumstances of this case, therefore, it was rightly held by the court below, that the transaction in question was neither a compromise nor a sale of a debt, but was the collection of a debt due in the alternative at the option of the guar-

MANUEL v. WULFF.
Statement of the Case.
dian, and was one which he had authority to make under the laws of Mississippi.
The case is quite different from Hayes v. MassachusettsLife Ins. Co., 125 Illinois, 626, cited by the plaintiff, in which, after the death of the man whose life was insured, the guardian of his children gave up the policy in consideration of a payment of about half its amount.
Judgment afflrmed.
MANUEL v. WULFF.
ERROR TO THE SUPREMfE COURT OF THE STATE OF MONTANA.
No. 214. Submitted January 17, 1894.- Decided March 26, 1894.
A deed of a mining claim by a qualified locator to an alien operates as a transfer of the claim to the grantee, subject to question in regard to his citizenship by the government only.
If, in a contest concerning a mining claim, under Rev. Stat. § 2326, one party, who is an alien at the outset, becomes a citizen during the proceedings and before judgment, his disability under Rev. Stat. § 2319 to take title is thereby removed.
THIS was an action in the ordinary form of a contest between two claimants of a quartz lode mining claim upon the lands of the United States to determine the right to proceed in the United States land office for patent therefor. Moses Manuel, defendant below, made application in the land office at Helena, Montana, for a patent for the Marshal Ney lode mining claim, which application Iver Wulff, plaintiff below, adversely contested, basing his contest upon his right to the premises by virtue of their location and possession as the Columbia mining claim. This proceeding was thereupon commenced in the District Court for Lewis and Clarke County of the Territory of Montana, in accordance with section 2326 of the Revised Statutes.
The title of plaintiff was put in issue by the pleadings and the defendant filed a counter claim charging that the Columbia

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Statement of the Case.
"Without quoting, we cite the following cases: Trustees of Watertown v. Cowen, 4 Paige, 510; 2 Stra. 1004; Commonwealth v. Alberger, 1 Whart. 469; Pomeroy v. X[ills, 3 Vermont, 279; Abbott v. Same, 3 Vermont, 521; Adams v. S. cf& iF. 1R. 1. Co., 11 Barb. 414; Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch, 87; Godfrey v. City of Alton, 12 Illinois, 29 ; Sedgwick's Constitutional and Statute Law, 343, 344; llaight v. City of Zfeokuk, .4 Iowa, 199; Grant v. City of Davenport, 18 Iowa, 179; .e Clerc v. Trustees of Gallipolis, 7 Ohio, 217; Common Coutncil of Indianapolis v. Cross, 7 Indiana, 9; Rowans, Executor, v. Portland, 8 B. Mon. 232; Augusta v. Perkins, 3 B. Mon. 437."
I do not care to add more, but for these reasons withhold my assent to the opinion.
I am authorized to say that MRh. JUSTICE BRowN concurs in this dissent.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, having been of counsel in the court below, took no part in the consideration and decision of this case on appeal.
RIGGLES v. ERNEY.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 335. Argued April 2, 3, 1894. -Decided May 26, 1894.
Part-performance of an oral contract for the conveyance of an interest in real estate in the District of Columbia takes it out of the operation of the statute of frauds, and authorizes a court of equity to decree a full and specific performance of it, if proved.
THIS was a bill in equity for the specific performance of an oral contract for the sale of land.
The bill made substantially the following case: Thomas lRiggles, ancestor both of plaintiffs and defendant, died .in 1863, leaving a will in which he made the following devises:

RIGGLES v. ERNEY.
Statement of the Case.
"I will and devise that my house and premises which I now occupy, situated in the city of Washington in the District of Columbia, being lot numbered seven (7) and part of lot numbered eight (8) in square numbered one hundred and ninety-nine (199), together with all the household and kitchen furniture and other personal property that may be on said premises at the time of my decease shall be and remain in the possession of my wife, Catharine Riggles, during her lifetime, for the benefit of herself and our four children, named Thomas, Cathqrine, :Maria, and Hannah Riggles, respectively; and, after th6 death of nly said wife, the said house and premises to remain in the hands of my executor, hereinafter named, to be by him used for the benefit of the above-named four children until the youngest one of them surviving shall become twenty-one years of age; provided, that when the said Thomas shall arrive at twenty-one years of age, and when either of the said daughters shall be married, then, and in either such case, the benefit arising from said property shall be exclusively for the use of such of said daughters as may then be unmarried; and' after the death of my said wife, and the said youngest child shall attain the age of twenty-one years, then the said house and premises I will and bequeath unto my son Thomas Riggles, with the express- provision that such of my aforenamed daughters as may then be unmarried shall be taken care of by my said son Thomas; and, in case the said Thomas lRiggles shall depart this life before the said three sistersi then the said house and premises to be sold, and the proceeds be divided equally among the said three sisters or the survivors of them.
"Item: I will and devise that all the lots of ground belonging to me situate in square numbered one hundred and seventy-nine (179) in said city of Washington which may remain unsold and disposed of by my said executor at sunh time and in such manner as his discretion may dictate as most for the advantage of my wife and children aforenamed, and the amounts that may be realized therefrom, after paying all necessary expenses of my wife and family, be by him

OCTOBER TERN, 1893.
Statement of the Case.
invested at his discretion for the benefit of my said wife and four children or as many of them as shall remain unmarried; and after 'the death of my said wife, and our four children shall have attained the age of twenty-one years if any of said property in square one hundred and seventy-nine remains unsold, and also any surplus that may then remain from the proceeds of said square one hundred and seventy-nine, to be divided between my other children, John5 James, and William Biggles, and my daughters, Mary Ann Miller and Sarah Turton; and it is further my wish and desire that should the residue remaining from the sale of my lots in square one hundred and seventy-nine be more than the value of said house and premises I now occupy in square one hundred and ninety-nine, then, and in that case, I will and devise that my son Thomas and my said daughters Catharine, Maria, and Hannah Biggles shall receive from the proceeds of square one hundred and seventy-nine, such portion of such proceeds as make all their shares alike or equal to each other and to the shares of my other children."
Under this will, John B. Turton subdivided square 179, sold portions of the same and died, leaving lots from 1 to 42 and from 61 to 80, inclusive, unsold and subject to a deed of trust executed by him to secure the repayment of certain moneys borrowed. Such moneys, as well as the prodeeds of the lots sold, were alleged to have been appropriated to the support of the Widow and her four children.
In 1873, the widow and her four children, Thomas, Maria, Catharine, and Hannah, desiring to have the property in square 179 sold for the purpose of a partial division of the estate, and for the purpose of paying certain indebtedness they had incurred, as well as certain taxes and assessments upon the homestead, it was proposed and agreed that, notwithstanding the devises in the will, the entire estate should be equally divided between the widow and the children of the testator; that the lots in square 179 should be at once sold for the payment of the incumbrances, taxes, and assessments upon the whole realty and of the indebtedness of the widow and her four children, and that the net proceeds

RIGGLES b. ERNEY.
Statement of the Case.
should be divided between the widow and all the children,' and that the homestead should be retained for the use and occupation of the widow and her four children until her death, and the death or marriage of her daughters, when the said homestead property should be sold and the proceeds divided among all the children of the testator.
In pursuance of this arrangement, a deed was executed, whereby all the parties in interest conveyed to John Tiggles and George W. Evans the remaining lots in square 179 in trust to sell and dispose of the same, to pay and discharge all taxes and assessments due upon the lots in both squares, and after paying and discharging all liens, taxes, and assessments upon all the property, to distribute the remainder of the proceeds between the widow and children in equal proportions, share and share alike, and "that the said deed was made and executed by all of the parties, including the defendant Hannah Erney, (who executed the said deed as Hannah Riggles,) upon the distinct agreement and condition that whenever under the said will and testament that the said property in square 199 should be sold, the proceeds of such sale- should be applied and distributed in the same manner." The trustees, Riggles and Evans, proceeded under this arrangement, sold the lots in square 179, from time to time, paid the liens and incumbrances upon the property, as well as taxes and assessments; -paid and discharged the indebtedness contracted by the widow and her four children, including defendant Hannah Erney, for their maintenance, and also advanced to the widow the further sum of $500, the said payments on account of the said homestead property, and of the maintenance and support of the widow and her four children, amounting to nearly $3000. After such payments, the *trustees divided the remainder of the proceeds among all the children of the testator; the shares so paid to each of the devisees being over $3000, and such distribution being made strictly in pursuance of the original agreement.
That the period has arrived when the lots in square 199 should be sold, and the proceeds divided; that the widow is

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Statement of the Case.
dead, as well as three of her four children, leaving Hannah Erney sole survivor of such devisee; that plaintiffs have applied to defendant Hannah to carry out this agreement, but she refuses to acknowledge it, and claims that, under the provisions of the will, she, as the sole survivor of the devisees of the lots in square 199, is entitled to all of said property and the proceeds thereof. Plaintiffs further averred that her agreement to sell the homestead property was the only consideration for the appropriation to the widow and her four children of the proceeds of sale of the property in square 179; that under the will defendant and her co-devisees were not entitled to any portion of such property except for their current support, while the daughters were unmarried, and that plaintiffs by making the agreement gave the defendant Hannah and her co-devisees $18,000- much more than the entire value of the homestead property; that it was the intention of the testator that in the ultimate division of the estate all the children should have an equal share; that such intention was recognized and was the basis upon which the agreement was made, and that the distribution of the proceeds of the sales of square 179 was in partial execution of such intention and agreement.
The prayer of the bill was that defendants Hannah and her husband might be enjoined from disposing of the property in square 199 until the rights of the parties could be definitely settled, and that such property might be sold and the proceeds distributed upon the basis of the agreement.
Defendant Hannah Erney in her separate answer admitted signing the deed for the sale of the remaining lots in square 179, but denied there was any agreement or condition that the homestead should be sold and the proceeds divided in the same manner.
Replication was filed, proofs taken, and, the case coming on to be heard in the court below, the bill was dismissed upon the ground that the statute of frauds presented an insurmountable barrier to relief. Plaiitiffs appealed to the General Term, by which the decree of the special

RIGGLES v. ERNEY.
Argument for Appellees.
term was affirmed, and the plaintiffs appealed to this court.'
Mr. .Tames G. Payne for appellants.
Mr. Edwin B. Bay for appellees.
The statute of frauds in Maryland requires written evidence of the contract, or a court cannot decree performance. The words of the statute are, "unless the agreement upon which such action shall be brought, or some memorandum or note thereof, shall be in writing, signed by the party to be charged therewith, or by some other person by him thereto lawfully authorized." Bariy v. Coombe, 1 Pet. 640. And to authorize a decree for the specific performance of a parol agreement within the statute, on the ground of part performance, it is indispensable, not only that the acts which are alleged to be part performance, but the contract itself, as stated in the bill, should be established by clear and definite proof.
In Smith v.Crandall,20 Maryland, 482, in which reference is made to 3 Maryland, 490, it is said that where a party claims to take the case out of the statute of frauds, on the ground of part performance of the contract, he must make out by clear and satisfactory proof the existence of the contract as laid in the bill, and the act of part performance must be of the iden-
S'The judgment of the court below was as follows:
"This cause having been duly calendared and argued and submitted and the proofs read and considered, and it appearing to the court that the provisions of the statute of frauds in respect to contracts for and conveyances of interests in real estate present an insurmountable barrier to granting the relief prayed upon the case as made in the bill and attempted to be made out in proof, it is this 14th of November, A.D. 1887, ordered, adjudged, and decreed that the bill in this cause be dismissed with costs."
The judgment of the appellate court was as follows: " This cause came on to be heard at this term of the court on appeal by the complainants, John Riggles et als. from the decree passed therein on the 14th day of November, 1887, dismissing the bill with costs, and was argued by counsel for the respective parties and submitted. Upon consideration thereof it is now here, this 18th day of February, A.D. 1890, adjudged and decreed and is hereby affirmed with costs, to be taxed by the clerk."

250

0OOOBER TnRM, 1893.

Argument for Appellees.

tical contract set up. It is not enough that the act is evidence of some agreement, but it must be iinequivocal and satisfactory evidence of,the particular agreement charged in the bill.
Lxi Mundorf v. Kilbourn, 4 Maryland, 459, 462, the court says: "We need not multiply authorities to show that in cases for specific performance the complainant must establish the very contract set up in the bill, and that all acts of part performance relied upon to take the case without operation of the statute of frauds, must be clear and definite, and refer exclusively to the alleged agreement."
In Sloddertv. Bowie, 5 Maryland, 18j 35, the court said: "No rule is better established than that every agreement, to merit -the interposition of a court of equity in its favor, must be plain, just, reasonable, bona fide, certain in all its parts, mutual, etc. And if any of these .ingredients are wanting, courts of equity will not decree, a specific performance." See also Wadsworth v. .Manning, .4 Maryland, 59 ; Wraters v. Howard, 8 Gill, 262, 275; Hall v. Hall,1 Gill, 383; Owingsv. Baldwin,8 Gill, 337; Beardv. Linticum, 1 Maryland Oh. 345; Hopkins v. Roberts, 54 Maryland, 312.
The defendant denies positively any agreement whatever to dispose of the homestead, and there is only uncertain proof that she was 'aware of such agreement. Those who testify, state that it was talked of loud enough for her to hear it, but concerning her understanding of it they only conjecture.
In the testimony there is no proof of that clear and decisive character which should govern a court, in the exercise of its discretion, to decree a specific performance.
Mr. Justice Grier, in Purcellv. Coleman, 4 Wall. 513, 517, in his opinion, says: "A mere breach of a parol promise will not make a case for the interference of a chancellor.
When he r.equests a court to interfere . . . he should be 'held to full, satisfactory, and undubitable proof of the contract and of its-terms.' Such proof must be clear, definite, and con-clusive and must show a contract leaving no jus deliberandior &m8 ponitntie. It cannot be made by mere hearsay or evidence of the declarations of a party to mere strangers to the transactioin, in chance conversation, which the witness had

RIGGLES v. ERINEY.
Opinion, of the Court.
no reason to'recollect from interest in the subject-matter which may have been imperfectly heard or inaccurately remembered, perverted, or altogether fabricated; testimony therefore impossible to be contradicted.
In WTliams v. Morris, 95 U. S. 444, even though written receipts were introduced to identify parties to the property, the testimony was not sufficient to prove part performance.
In Bigelow v. A'mes, 108 U. S. 10, while there was no written contract, yet the facts were such that left no jus deiberandi,and showed such part performance that took the case out of the operation of the statute. There is, however, a written memorandum in this case which describes the property and states the consideration - signed by the parties to the transaction.
In Beckwita v. Talbot, 95 U. S. 289, the defendant in that actioh was charged on a memorandum in which his name was not found, but letters were produced in evidence which proved a sufficient ratification of the memorandum to comply with the statute and 'the court below so held and was sustained by this court.
In Grafton v. Cummings, 99 U. S. 100, even though there are memoranda and writings, yet this court held them defective and not sufficient to take the case from the operation of the statute.
YR. JusTICE BRowN, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
The sole question is whether the plaintiffs have made out such a case as entitles them under the statute of frauds to. a specidc performance of the alleged agreement. for the sale of the homestead property in square 199, and an equal division of the proceeds.
Thomas Riggles, the ancestor, was possessed of two parcels of land in Wa'shington, viz.: Certain lots in square 199, containing the homestead, worth from six to eight thousand dollars, and a large number of lots in square 179, then unimproved, and worth about forty thousand dollars.

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
Thle lots in square 199, the homestead, he left to his widow for life, for the benefit of herself and her four children; after her death, to his executors, for the benefit of -hisfour children until the youngest should become of age, and then to his son Thomas, charged with the care and support of the unmarried daughters by his second wife; and in case of the death of Thomas before his sisters, the property was to be sold and the proceeds equally divided among these sisters.
The lots in square 179 were also charged with the maintenance and necessary expenses of his wife and her four children during her life, and after her death, with the support of the' children, until the youngest should become of age. The executor was given power to dispose of all of 179 if, in his discretion, it should become necessary to apply the same to, such use, and any surplus that should remain 'was to be divided among testator's children by his first wife, but should such residue remaining from 179 be more than the value of the homestead property, the children by the second wife should receive from such proceeds such portions as to make their shares alike or equal to each other, and the shares of the other children.
Thomas Riggles, Jr., son of the second wife, died December 27, 1883; Catharine Riggles, widow, died November, 1884. Hannah Riggles Erney, by the death of her brother and sisters, is the sole survivor of the children of the second wife, and entitled to the homestead under the will.
Plaintiffs' testimony tended to show that, at a meeting of the widow and all the heirs of the estate in June, 1873, it was agreed that the entire estate should be equally divided among the widow and children; that the lots in square 179 should be immediately sold, and the net proceeds, after payment of incumbrances, taxes, and assessments upon the whole estate, should be divided between the widow and all the children; and that the homestead lots in square 199 should be retained for the use of the widow and her children until her death, or the death or'marriage of the daughters, when this property should also be sold, and the proceeds divided among all the children. This agreement, so far as it concerned lots in 179,

RIGGLES v. ERNEY.
Opinion of the Court.
was carried out; so far as it concerned square 199 it was denied and the statute pleaded.
But if the contract was made, as claimed, the sale and division of proceeds of the lots in square 179 was a part performance of such contracts under the decisions both of this court and of Maryland. The case of Caldwell v. Carrington,9 Pet. 86, is not dissimilar. This was a bill filed by Carrington's heirs in the Circuit Court for the District of Kentucky, claiming certain lands in that State, under a parol agreement, by which Carrington agreed with Williams for an exchange of lands which Carrington owned in Virginia for certain military lands in Kentucky. Williams took possession of the lands in Virginia and sold a part of them. The bill prayed that the heirs of Williams should be decreed to convey the military lands in Kentucky. This court held that, although the statute of frauds avoids parol contracts for lands, yet the complete execution of the contract in this case by Carrington, by conveying to Williams the lands lie had agreed to give him in exchange, prevented the operation of he statute. See also GalbraitA v. .McLain, 84 Illinois, 379 ; Paine v. Wilcox, 16 Wisconsin, 202. So in Neale v. .feales,9 Wall. 1, a parol gift of land was made to a donor, who took possession, and, induced by the promise of the donor to give a deed of it, made valuable improvements on the property. It was held that the donor, having stipulated that the expenditure should be made, this should be regarded as a consideration or condition of the gift, and a specific performance was decreed. To same effect is Hardestyv. Richardson,44 Maryland, 617. So in Bigelow v. Arm es, 108 U. S.10. Armes proposed in writing to Bigelow to exchange his real estate for Bigelow's with a cash bonus. The latter accepted in writing. Armes complied in full; Bigelow in part only. It was held to be unnecessary to determine whether the written memorandmun was sufficient, as it was the duty of the court, in view of the full performance by Armes, to decree performance by Bigelow. There are other cases in this court in which the evidence was deemed insufficient to justify a decree for specific performance, but the principle of the cases above cited has never been ques-

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the' Court.
tioned. Colson, v. TAomp8dn, 2 Wheat. 336; Purcell v. .Miner, 4 Wall. 513; Grayton v. Cummings, 99 U. S. 100. Indeed, the rule is too well settled to require further citation of authorities, that, if the parol agreement be clearly and satisfactorily proven, and the plaintiff, relying upon such agreement and the promise of the 'defendant to perform his part, has done acts in part performance of such agreement, to the knowledge of the defendant - acts whiQh have so altered the relations of the.parties as to prevent their restoration to their former condition - it would be a virtual fraud to allow the defendant to interpose the statute as a defence and thus to secure to himself the benefit of what has been done in part performance, It must appear, however, that the acts done by the plaintiff were done in pursuance of the contract, and for the purpose of carrying it into execution, and with the consent or knowledge of the other party. While acts done prior to. the contract or preparatory thereto, such as delivering abstracts of titles, measuring the land, drawing up deeds, etc., are not regarded as sufficient part performance, it is otherwise with such acts as taking open possession of the land sold, or making permanent or valuable improvements thereon, or doing other acts in relation-to the land.manfestly inconsistent with any other theory than that of carrying out the parol undertaking.
Plaintiff introduced the testimony of three witnesses, all of which tended to show that a meeting of all the heirs was held the last of May, 1873, at the homestead, at which it was agreed to sell square 179, pay off the indebtedness, and divide the balance. The indebtedness consisted of taxes upon square 179 and a mortgage debt upon it, the indebtedness of the widow, and the taxes due upon the homestead occupied by her in square 199. There was another meeting in June, at which there was-a deed read which had been prepared. John Riggles, who appeared for the first wife, objected to the deed upon the ground that it wag not in accordance with the will, when Mr. Evans, who appeared on behalf of the children Qf the second wife, promised that the children should share and share alike in the house at the death of the mother, and said

RIGGLES v. ERNEY.
Opinion of the Court.
"that it would not be fair for the children of the last wife to do all the waiting and the children of the first wife get their share at once; that it would only be equitable for the children of the first wife to do part of the waiting and share equally with them, so that it. would be literally carried out, and we consented to divide equally upon that basis, and would have refused to have- sold any more than sufficient to pay off the indebtedness unless they would agree to this equitable division, which was agreed to by all the heirs without any objection.)
This agreement, so far as concerned square 179, was carried out, and defendant Hannah was paid about $3000 as her share of the proceeds of the sale. Mr. Evans, who, as before stated, appeared for the children -of the second wife, among whom was defendant Hannah, after, stating that it was understood that the homestead was to be sold, says that "it was a distinct and positive verbal agreement, thoroughly understood and consented to by all without reservation; we did not wish to send the deed back for a change, fearing that delays were dangerous; we were anxious to settle. Q. Do you know that Hannah Riggles Erney understood positively that she was consenting and agreeing to break the terms of her father's will? A. I do not know that she did. . . . As I said before, I represented the children by the second. wife, and my wife's interest, like Mrs. Erney's, I was bound to protect in every way. I, therefore, consulted with her, explained the terms of the deed, read the will to her, and asked her, as well as the other heirs by the second wife, if she thoroughly understood and consented to selling the property. She was satisfied, and so expressed herself.". This testimony was also corroborated by Sarah A. Turton, one of the- children by the first wife.
The only testimony to the contrary is that of defendant herself, who'always understood that the land was sold "to pay the indebtedness of mother, and then it was to be divided equally, and that is all." She remembered of but one meeting, but acknowledged that Mr. Evans was her representative in the transaction. She denied entering into any contract con-

OCTOBER TERmi, 1893.
Syllabus.
cerning the disposition of the land, but her testimony is quite unsatisfactory and her memory evidently defective.
By the terms of the will square 179, after being charged with the maintenance and support of the widow and her four children during her life, and after her death until the youngest should become of age, was to be sold and the proceeds to be divided between the children of the first wife, with a proviso that, if the lands so sold should exceed the value of the homestead lands, the children of the second wife should receive enough to make the shares of all equal.
The ultimate objects of the will were, ftrst to provide for the maintenance and expenses of the wife and younger children until they became of age; and, second, that the property should then be equally divided between them. This equality would certainly be defeated, if the defendant hannah were permitted to share equally in the proceeds of square 179, and in addition to receive the whole of the proceeds of square 199. It seems to us altogether improbable that the children of the first wife would have entered into this arrangement, without an understanding that they were also to share in the proceeds of the homestead.
The decree of the court below is, therefore, reversed, and the case remandedforfurtherp'oceedings in conformity with this opinion.
MR. JusTIoE BREwER and MR. JUSTICE WHITE dissented from this opinion.
MORAN v. STURGES.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
No. 892. Argued March 13, 14, 1894. -Decided May 26,1894.
On the 31st day of July, 1891, proceedings were commenced in the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the voluntary dissolution of a Steam Tow Boat Company, a corporation organized under the laws of that State,

CHA MAN v. -HANWDLEY.
Syllabus.
court, it was held that this was not error, because the personal conduct and administration of the judge in the discharge of his separate functions were not practice or pleading, or a form or method of proceeding, within the meaning of those terms in the act of Congress. A similar ruling was made in Indianapolis & St. Louis Railroad v. Horst, 93 U. S. 291. There a state statute prescribed that the judge should require the jury to answer special interrogatories in addition to finding a general verdict. This court held that such a state regulation did not apply to the courts of the United States. The doctrine of these cases was approved and applied in Chateaugay Iron Co., Petitioner,128 U. S. 541, where it was held that the practice and rules of the state court do not apply to proceedings taken in a Circuit Court of the United States for the purpose of reviewing in this court a judgment of such Circuit Court, and that such rules and practice, regulhting the preparation, settling, and signing of a bill of exceptions, are not within "the practice, pleadings, and forms and modes of proceeding" which are required by section 914 of the Revised Statutes to conform "as near as may be" to those "existing at the time in like causes in the courts of record of the State."
Upon the whole, we are of opinion that the court below committed no error, and its judgment is, accordingly,
Afflrmed.
CPIAPMAN v. IIANDLEY.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE TERRITORY OF UTAH.
No. 206. Submitted January 17, 1894.-Decided January 29, 1894.
Under the statutes of the Territory of Utah relating to the distribution of the personal property of a deceased person among those entitled to share in the distribution, the claims of the distributees are several, and not joint; and when the claims of each are less than the amount necessary to give this court jurisdiction, two or more cannot be joined, in order to raise the sum in dispute to the jurisdictional amount.

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
THE case is stated in the opinion.
.Xr. J. G. Sutherlandfor appellants.
-Mr.E. D. Hoge and Mr. Arthur Brown for appellees.
Mr. CHIEF JUsTIcE FULLER delivered the opinion of the court.
Ruth A. Newsom, ne Handley, Benjamin T. Handley, Harvey L. Handley, and Sarah A. Chapman filed their petition in the probate court of Salt Lake County, Utah Territory, in the matter of the estate of George Handley, deceased, setting forth the death of said George Handley, May 25, 1874, intestate; the appointment and qualification of Elizabeth, his widow, as administratrix of his estate, April 12, 1888; the expiration of the time for the presentation of claims after publication of notice; the filing of the inventory of said estate describing certain real property; the sale of a portion under order of court and payment of the account for which the money obtained through such sale was needed, leaving a balance on hand; the filing of a final account and the fixing of a day for hearing thereon; and proceeding thus:
"Said George Handley died, leaving him surviving the said Elizabeth Handley, his widow, and his eight children and heirs-at-law, named, respectively, John Handley, William F. Handley, Charles T. Handley, Emma Handley, Ruth A. Newsom, Benjamin T. Handley, Mary F. Handley, and Harvey L. Handley. The four first named are the children of said deceased and said Elizabeth, his lawful wife, and the last four were children of said deceased and your petitioner, Sarah A. Chapman, his plural wife according to the tenets and rites of the Mormon Church; that all said children are now living except Mary Handley, who died, without issue or having been married, on the 28th day of September, 1879; that all said children are of age except said Harvey Handley, who is sixteen years of age.
"Your petitioners therefore pray that they may be recog-

CHAPMAN v. HANDLEY.
Opinion of the Court.
nized as heirs-at-law of said George Handley, deceased, equally with said four children of said deceased first above named, your petitioner, Sarah A. Chapman, as mother in place and as representative of said 'Mary Handley, deceased, and that after the hearing upon said acount of said administratrix that the said estate may be divided among and distributed to said heirs-at-law according to their respective interests; that onehalf of said estate may be apportioned to your petitioners."
The record does not contain the order of the probate court on this petition, but it otherwise appears and is conceded that the prayer of the petitioners was denied. Thereupon an appeal was taken therefrom by petitioners to the District Court for the Third Judicial District of the Territory and the county of Salt Lake, by which special findings of fact and conclusions of law were filed, and it was ordered that the petition be dismissed.
The petitioners appealed to the Supreme Court of Utah Territory, and the judgment of the District Court was affirmed. The pending appeal was then taken to this court.
The total value of the estate in controversy was found to be $25,000, and counsel for appellants thus states his case: "George Handley died May 25, 1874, leaving Elizabeth Handley, who was his lawful wife, and their four children, (the respondents,) and four children by a plural wife, one of whom died in infancy, her interest, now represented by her mother as heir, (the appellants). The court below distributed the entire estate to the lawful wife and her four children, holding that the children of the plural wife were not entitled to inherit. A statute enacted by the legislative assembly of Utah, in 1852, provided: 'Section 25. Illegitimate children and their mothers inherit in like manner from the father, whether acknowledged by him or not, provided it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the court that he was the father of such illegitimate child or children' (Compiled Laws Utah, 1876, § 677);" that the Supreme Court held that this legislation was disapproved and annulled by the act of Congress of July 1, 1862, c. 126, 12 Stat. 501, and that this was error.

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.

Opinion of the Court.

The application to the probate court was, in legal effect, for

distribution only, and can be given no wider scope, notwith-

standing the language used in the prayer of the petition; and

as the distributive shares, if the petitioners were included,

could not reach the sum necessary t8 give this court juris-

diction, we are obliged to dismiss the appeal.

It is true that there are cases where there are several plain-

tiffs interested collectively under a common title where juris-

diction may be maintained, but this case does not fall within

that category.

The claims of distributees are several and not joint, and

a joint application for distribution can only result in judgments

in severalty. By sections 4261 and 4262 of the Compiled Laws

of Utah, 1888, vol. 2, p. 529, it is provided that upon the final

settlement of the accounts of an executor or administrator, on

his application or that of any heir, legatee, or devisee, the court

shall proceed to distribute among the persons by law entitled

thereto; and that in the order or decree the court must name

the persons and the proportions or parts to which each shall

be entitled, and such persons may demand and sue for and

recover their respective shares, in any court of competent

jurisdiction.

It is the distinct and separate share of each distributee that

is involved in the proceeding, and although in this instance, if

the children of the plural wife had been admitted to share

they would have obtained, and an amount in excess of five

thousand dollars would have been withdrawn, from the other

children, the gain on the one side and the diminution on the

other would have been proportionately as to each, and not in

the aggregate as to all.

Under such circumstances it is the settled rule that the writ

of error or appeal cannot be sustained. Gibson v. Shufeldt,

122 U. S. 27; Miller v. Clark, 138 U. S. 223; Henderson v.

Ccrbondale Coal Co., 140 U. S. 25; New Orleans Pacif§ Rail-

way v. Parker,143 U. S. 42.

Appeal dismissed.

BALKAM1 v. WOODSTOCK IRON CO.
Syllabus.
by time, a different question would be presented upon the merits.
What has been said renders it unnecessary to consider whether the deed from Armstrong and wife to Prentice was so acknowledged and certified as to entitle it under the laws of Minnesota to record in that State, and, by such record, become legal notice of its contents to Gilman and those claiming under him.
We perceive no error in the record to the prejudice of the plaintiff in error, and the judgment is
BALKA v.WOODSTOOK IRON COMPANY.
ERROR TO TEE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE. NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA.
No. 839. Argued March 28, 29, 1894.-Decided May 26, 1894.
An action of ejectment was brought in a state court of Alabama, in which the parties were the same, the lands sought to be recovered were the same, the issues were the same and the proof was the same as in this action. That case was taken to the Supreme Court of the State, and it was there held that, whilst the plaintiffs and those whom they represented had no legal right to bring an action of ejectment pending a life estate in the premises, yet, in view¢ of a probate sale of the reversionary interest and the recorded title thereto, and of the payment of the purchase price into the estate and its distribution among the creditors of the estate, the heirs had an equitable right to commence a suit to remove the cloud on the title which the probate proceedings created; and, inasmuch as they had failed to do so during twenty years, their right of action was barred under the doctrine of prescription. The statutes of Alabama provide that two judgments in favor of the defendant in an action of ejectment, or in an action in the nature of an action of ejectment, between the same parties, in which the same title is put in issue, are a bar to any action for the recovery of the land, or any part thereof, between the same parties or their privies, founded on the same title. The plaiutiffz, availing themselves of this statute, brought this suit. Held, that, although the judgment of this court might be, if the question were before it for original consideration, that the bar of the statute would only begin to run upon the death of the holder of the life estate, yet that, the court of last resort of the State having passed upon the VOL. Cri'-12

OOTOBER TERM, 1893.
Statement of the Case.
questions when the bar of the statute of prescription began to bd operative, and when the parties were obliged to bring their action, whether legal or equitable, those questions were purely within the province of that court, and this court was bound to apply and enforce its conclusions.
Tn, plaintiffs in error, as heirs of Samuel P. Hudson, brought two suits of ejectment for the recovery of certain lands. By agreement, the suits were consolidated and tried as one. After judgment on verdict in: favor of the defendants, the case was brought here by writ of error.
Samuel P. Hudson, a resident of Calhoun County, in the State of Alabama, died intestate in August, 1863. At the time of his death he was seized of certain parcels of land in Calhoun County. He left a widow, Kezia A. Hudson, and several children, some of whom were minors. James F. Grant was appointed administrator of his estate by the probate court.
The widow petitioned the court for allotment of dower, and after due prooeedings, in accordance with the laws of Alabama, her right of dower in the land in controversy was duly recognized and decreed.
In January, 1866, the administrator petitioned the court to order the sale of thd real estate, saving the rights of dower of the widow, in order-to pay debts, alleging the insufficiency of the personalty.
To this petition the widow and heirs were made defendants, and a guardian ad litkm was appointed to represent the minors. A day was set for the hearing; all parties, including the minors' guardian, were duly notified, and a commission was issued for the examination of certain witnesses. The caption of the interrogatories to be addressed to these witnesses recited that the answers, when taken, "were to be used in evidence before said court on the hearing of and in behalf of the application made by James F. Grant, administrator of said estate, to sell land belonging to said estate." The witnesses named appeared before the commissioners appointed by the probate court and testified as to their knowledge of the land and of the heirs and distributees, and swore that, to the best of their information and belief, the

BALKAM v. WOODSTOCK IRON CO.
Statement of the Case.
personal property of the estate was insufficient to pay the debts. The caption to the answers of each of the witnesses recites that they were sworn and examined by virtue of a commission issued out of the probate court of Calhoun County, Alabama, "in the matter of the estate of Samuel P. Hudson, deceased, the applicatipn of James F. Grant to sell land.' The certificate of the commissioners attests "the examination of the witnesses in the above-stated matter of Samuel P. Hudson, deceased, on the application of J. F. Grant, Administrator, to sell land." The answers of the witnesses under the commission were returned to the probate court, and were filed by the judge thereof on the 10th of February, 1866. On the 15th of February, 1866, the day set for the hearing of the petition, the following order was entered:
"Probate Court for Calhoun County, Alabama.
"FEBRUAY 1 5 , A.D. 1866. "This being the day set by a former order of this court, the 9th day of January, A.D. 1866, to hear and determine upon the petition of James F. Grant, administrator of the estate of Samuel P. Hudson, deceased, for the sale of the following-described lands belonging to said estate for the purpose of paying the debts of the said estate, to wit:
[Here follows a description of the real estate.]
"And comes the said Grant and prays that his said petition and application for the sale of the above-described land be heard and determined at this term of the court, and it appearing to the satisfaction of the court that notice of*the filing of said petition and of the day set for the bearing of the same had been given according to law, thereupon the, court proceeds to hear and determine upon the facts of the said petition; and comes into court L. W. Cannon, as the guardian of the minor heirs of said decedent, and denies each and all of the allegations of said petition, and thereupon said administratoi introduces witnesses to sustain the same, and, after hearing all the testimony in the case, the court is of opinion

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.

Statement of the Case.

that the allegations of said petition are fully sustained by the

evidence in the case. It is therefore ordered and decreed by

the court that the above-described lands, as belonging to

said estate, be, and the same are hereby, directed to be sold

for the payment of the debts of said estate, subject, however,

to the widow's dower interest in said lands.

"It is further ordered that said lands be sold on a credit of

one and two years, with interest from the date of sale.

"It is further ordered that said administrator, after adver-

tising the sale of said lands in the Jacksonville Republican

for three weeks, giving the time, place, and terms of sale,

proceed to sell the said lands known as the Steam Mill tract,

at Blue Mountain, and the Kunnelly place and town lots,

before the court-house door, in the town of Jacksonville, Ala.

*X

-*

*

* -

"It is ordered that said land be sold at public auction to the highest bidder, and that said administrator secure the purchase-money for said lands by taking notes with two good solvent sureties.

"A. Woons, Judge of Probate."

At the sale thus ordered, the widow, Kezia A. Hudson, purchased the reversionary interest in the lands in controversy for $450. The administrator duly reported the sale to the probate court, stating in his report that he had adjudicated to Kezia A. Hudson the "remainder after the demands of the dower interest in the land," which had been set apart.
as Mrs. Hudson's dower. This report was sworn to by the administrator, and on May 15, 1866, an order was passed approving the same, and ordering -itto be filed. Afterwards the administrator made a formal deed to the widow, which reads as follows:
"Whereas I, James F. Grant, administrator of all and singular the goods and chattels, rights, and credits of the estate of Samuel P. Hudson, deceased, did as said administrator apply - and obtain an order from the probate court of Calhoun County, State of Alabama, for ai- order to sell the

BALKAM v. WOODSTOCK IRON CO.

Statement of the Case.

real estate of which the said S'amuel P. Hudson died seized and possessed, subject, however, to the widow of said deceased's right of dower; and whereas said widow did apply to said court of probate to have dower allowed to her out of said lands, and prior to the time said sale was brought there was set off and allowed to Mrs. Kezia A. Hudson, widow of said deceased, the following lands, to wit:

[Here follows a description of the lands.]

*

*

*X

*

*X

"Now, know ye that, fok and in consideration of the foregoing premises and the payment of the said sum of four hundred and fifty dollars, to me in hand paid by the said Kezia A. Hudson, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, I, as such administrator, have this day bargained and sold, and do by these presents bargain, sell, and convey unto the said Kezia A. Hudson, her heirs and assigns forever, all the remaining interest or right which there is of the said lands; to have and to hold to the said Kezia A. Hudson, her heirs and assigns forever, but I am in no event personally liable upon the covenants of this deed.
"In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my seal this 9th day of April, A.D. 1866.
"J. F. GRANT, [SEAL.] "Administrator of Samuel P. .udson, Deceased."

Upon which-deed are the following endorsements, to wit:

"STATE OF ALABAMA,
Calhoun County.
"I, Alexander Woods, judge of probate in and for said county, hereby certify that J. F. Grant, administrator of the estate of S. P. Hudson, deceased, who is known to me, acknowledged before me on this day that, being informed of the contents of the conveyance, he executed the same voluntarily as such administrator on the day the same bears date.
"Given under my hand this 9th day of April, A.D. 1866. "A. WOODS, Judge of Probate."

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Statement of the Case.
"Filed in office April, 9th, 1866, and recorded April 16th,
1866, and that the deed had on it fifty cents revenue stamps, 'this 16th day of April, A.D. 1866.
A. WooDs, Judge of Probate.
"T.HE STATE OF ALABAMA, Cathoun County.
"I, E. F. Crook, judge of the court of probate and em o$ffio clerk of said court, in and for said county and State, do hereby certify that the foregoing three pages, inclusive, contain a true and correct transcript of deed of J.F. Grant, administrator of estate of S. P. Hudson, deceased, to K~zia A. Hudson, as fully and as completely as appeaxs of record in my office.
·"Given under my hand at office, in the town of Jacksonville, Alabama, on this the 15th day of August, A.D. 1888.
"E. F. CRooK,
"Judge of Probateand ex officio Clerk of 8aic Court, Calhoun County, Ala."
On May 9, i866, the administrator prayed the court that the estate of his intestate might be declared insolvent, and after due hearing and notice to all parties in interest, the prayer was granted.
Mrs. Hudson, the purchaser of the reversionary interest, lived at the time of the sale, with her children, on the lands bought by her. Subsequently she conveyed them to the firm of Sherman & Boynton, who in turn conveyed them to H. L. Jeffers, and he again to the Woodstock Iron Company, one of the defendants in error, which latter sold a portion of the lands to the Anniston Land and Improvement Company, and that corporation conveyed it to the Anniston City Land Company, and, as was admitted, all the purchasers went into possession at the time of their respective conveyances and held the lands openly and unequivocally as owners thereof. The property, since the sale, has become very valuable, a portion of it being within the municipal limits of the town of Anniston and the other portion adjacent thereto. Mrs. Hudson died June 26, 1879.

BALKAM v. WOOT)STOGK IRON CO.
Opinion of the Court.
On June 28, 1887, action was brought by the heirs of Samuel P. Hudson in the Circuit Court of Calhoun County to recover the lands which had been sold in the probate prodeedings. In that suit-the parties were the same, the lands were the same, the issues were the same, and the proof was tle. same as in the case now before us. Judgment was given in the Circuit Court in favor of the plaintiffs. This judgment, on appeal to the Supreme Court of Alabama, was reversed, on the ground that whatever rights the plaintiffs might have originally possessed were barred by prescription. lfoodstoeh Iron Co. v. Fullenwider,$7 Alabama, 58-4, 587.
Section 2714 of the Code of Alabama provides: "Two judgments in favor of the defendant in an action of ejectment, or in an action in the nature of an action of ejectment, between the same parties, in which the same title is put in issue, is a bar to any action for the recovery of the land, or any part thereof, between the same parties or their privies, founded on the same title." Availing themselves of this provision of the Alabama law, the plaintiffs thereupon brought these suits in the Circuit Court of the United States for the N~orthern District of Alabama. As before stated, the parties, plaintiff and defendant, are the same, the issues are the same, and the proof is the same as in the case finally decided by the Supreme Court of the State. Under instructions from the court there was a verdict for the defendants. The instructions will be found reported in 43 Fed. Rep. 648. The facts were admitted below, and therefore the, issues presented are altogether questions of law, and were all .reserved by bill of exception taken during the trial below.
. r. J. A. W. Smith for plaintiffs in error.
.Mr.J. J. Willett and Mr. John B. -nox for defendants in error. Mr. John . .EcKleroy was on their brief.
7M R. JUSTInCE WHITE, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
The plaintiffs rest their case upon an attack upon the pro-

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
bate proceedings, which they assert to be absolutely void, 1st, because the proof as to the necessity of the sale was not "taken by deposition, as in chancery cases;" iand, 2d, because there was no order of the court authorizing the administrator to make a deed of the property to the purchaser. The first contention is based upon the language of the decree of sale, which is as follows: "And thereupon said administrator introduces witnesses to sustain the same, and after hearing all the testimony in the case, the court is of opinion," eec. ; and it is urged that this statement, "the administrator introduces witnesses," necessarily imports that depositions were not "taken as in chancery cases," according to the requirement of the Alabama statute.
We are also told that the depositions which were ordered to be taken by the Probate Judge for the purpose of the inquiry, and which when taken were filed by him and constituted part of the probate record, cannot be considered, because the opinion makes no reference to them, and, therefore, we must presume that they do not exist; and the contention as to the deed is that it furnishes no evidence of title, because there was no specific order of the court to make it, although the sale was reported to the court and by it confirmed, and although the deed, when made, was returned to the probate court, certified by the judge, and by him duly put of record.
These very technical contentions are in conflict with the elementary rules by which the sanctity of probate proceedings are upheld, and are based on the terms of an Alabama statute, to which, we are told, a construction has been given by the courts of that State, which, however narrow and technical, is binding upon us.
The following provisions are found in the Alabama Code: "2612 (3223). Civil suits must be commenced, after the cause of action has accrued, within the periods prescribed in this chapter, and not afterwards." "2614 (3225). Within ten years. 1. . . "2. Actions for the recovery of lands, tenements, hereditaments, or the possession thereof, except as herein otherwise provided."

BALKAM v. WOODSTOCK IRON CO.
Opinion of the Court.
"2624: (3236). If any one entitled to bring the actions enumerated in this chapter, or malie an entry on land, or defence founded on the title to real property, be, at the time such right accrues, within the age of twenty-one years, or a married woman, or insane, or imprisoned on a criminal charge for any term less than for life, he or she shall have three years after the termination of such disability to bring suit, or make entry or defence; but no disability shall extend the period of limitation so as to allow such action to be commenced, or entry or defence made, after the lapse of twenty years from th6 time the cause of action or right accrued; nor shall this exception extend to a married woman in respect to her separate estate."
We excerpt the following from the opinion of the Supreme Court of Alabama, in the case of Woodstock Iron Co. v. Fullenwider:
"The defendants, who are appellants in this court, contend, on the contrary, that all irregularities of sale and defects of title, under the admitted facts of the case, are cured by the presumptions arising from the lapse of twenty years, under the broad doctrine of prescription, now so thoroughly established in this State.
"The plaintiffs certainly had no right to sue in ejectment for these lands before the death of the widow, who was tenant for life, her possession, so far at least as concerns .the legal title in the reversion, not being adverse or hostile to the heirs, during the continuance of such particular estate.
"In considering this question, we shall regard the contention of the appellees as well taken, so far as to assume that the sale of the administrator conferred no legal title to the reversion on the widow as purchaser under the probate proceedings in March, 1866.
"Regarding the proceedings in the probate court as void at law for the reasons stated, what, we may inquire, were the equitable rights, if any, acquired under it by the purchaser? This question has been fully settled by our past decisions. Where land of a decedent is sold by the probate court for the

OCTOBER TERAI, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
payment of debts, or for distribution, and the proceeding is void for want of jurisdiction, or otherwise, and the purchasemoney, being paid to the administrator, is applied by him to the payment of the debts of the decedent's estate, or is distributed to the heirs; while the sale is so far void as to convey no title at law, the purchaser nevertheless acquires an equitable ,title to the lands, which will be recognized in a court of equity. And he may resort to a court of equity to compel the heirs or devisees to elect a ratification or rescission of the contract of purchase. It is deemed unconscionable that the heirs or devisees shopld reap the fruits of the purchaser's payment of money, appropriated to the discharge of debts, which were a charge on the lands, and at the same time recover:, the lands. They are estopped to deny the validity of the sale, and at the same time enjoy the benefits derived from the apprt priation of the purchase-money. And this principle applies to- minors as well as adults. Bland v. -Bowie,53 Alabama, 152; Bell v. Craig, 52 Alabama, 215; R bertson v. Bradford,73 Alabama, 116. See also Ganey v. Sikes, 76 Alabama, 421."-
The court then proceeded to hold that, whilst the heirs of Hudson had no legal right to bring an action of ejectment pending-the life estate, in view of the probate sale of the reversionary interest and the recorded title thereto, and of the payment of the price into thegstate and its distribution among the creditors of the estate, th, heirs had an equitable right to bring an action to remove the cloud on the title which the probate proceedings created; and inasmuch as they had failed to do so during twenty years, their right of action was barred under the doctrine of prescription. We again quote :
"Here, then; was the. capacity to sue in a court of equity, so as to sweep away a cloud on the title of the plaintiffs, and, by an offer to do equity, to have the equitable title of the defendants, acquired at the void sale, divested out of them by decree of a court of chancery. A failure to exercise this right for over twenty years is such latces as authorizes the inference that. the right to do so is barred in any one of the

BALKA_ v. WOODSTOOK IRON CO.
Opinion of the Court.
modes in which that result may be effected. If the only existing right of action on the plaintiffs' part were at lawif his only laokes, or slumbering on his rights, consisted in his failure to sue at law -then, as we have often said, 'the only fact open to inquiry, in such cases, would be the character of defendants' possession, either in its original acquisition, or in its continued use, as being, on the one hand, permissive and in subordination, or, on the other, hostile and adverse.' Long v. Pa'rmer, 81 Alabama, 384; and cases cited on p. 388. But the ladies here imputed to the plaintiffs is the fact of having allowed the probate court proceedings to remain unassailed for over twenty years -proceedings under which, though void at law, a good equitable title to the reversion had been acquired, accompanied with possession and claim of ownership, on the part of the purchaser and her sub-vendees, during the whole of this long period."
The conclusion of the Alabama court is assailed here on the ground that it is unsound in law. Whilst, of course, as the statutes of the State of Alabama allow two actions in ejectment, the decree of the Supreme Court of Alabama does not constitute "the thing adjudged" in the case before us, we think the rule under which we follow state statutes of limitation and the construction of such statutes by the state courts compels us to treat the doctrine here announced as conclusive of the present case, so far as this court is concerned. The whole subject was very fully reviewed by this court in the case of Bausemnman v. Blunt, 147 U. S. 647. There, through Mr. Justice-Gray, we said:
"By a provision inserted in the first judiciary act of the United States and continued in force ever since, Congress has enacted that 'the laws of the several States, except where the Constitution, treaties or statutes of the United States otherwise require or provide, shall be regarded as rules of decision in trials at common law, in the courts of the United States, in cases where they apply.' Act of September 24, i789, c. 20'
§ 34, 1 Stat. 92; Rev. Stat. § 721. No laws of the several
States have been more steadfastly or more often recognized by this court, from the beginning, as rules of decision in the

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
courts of the United States, than statutes of limitations of actions, real and personal, as enacted by the legislature of a State, and as construed by its highest court. Higgineon v. .Mein, 4 Cranch, 415, 419, 420; Shelby v. Guy, 11 Wheat. 361, 367; Bell v. Xor2ison, 1 Pet. 351, 360; Henderson v. Griff n, 5 Pet. 151; Green v. .Neal, 6 Pet. 291, 297-300; McEimoyle v. Cohen, 13 Pet. 312, 327; Rarpendingv. Dutch Church, 16 Pet. 455,493; Lefflngwell v. Marren,2 Black, 599; Sohn v. Waterson, 17 Wall. 596, 600; Tioga Railroad v. Blossburg&fCorningRailroad,20 Wall. 137; Efibbe v. Ditto, 93 U. S. 674; Davie v..Briggs, 97 U. S. 628, 637; Amy v. Dubuque, 98 U. S.470; Mills v. Scott, 99 U. S. 25,28; .Aoore8 v. National Bank, 104: U. S.625; Jichigan Insurance Bank v. red, 130 U. S. 693, 696; Penfeld v. Chesaveake dc. Railroad,134 U. S. 351 ; Barney v. Oelrickh, 138 U. S.529.
"In Patten v. Easton, 1 Wheat. 476, 482, and again in Powell v. Earmw, 2 Pet. 241, this court had construed a Tennessee statute of limitations of real actions in accordance with the decisions of the Supreme Court of the State, made since the first of those cases was certified up to this court, and supposed to have settled the construction of the statute. Yet n Green v. NYeal, 6 Pet. 291, a judgment of the Circuit Court of the United States, which had held itself bound by those cases in this court, was reversed, because of more recent decisions of the state court, establishing the opposite construction."
Nor can the case before us be saved from the operation of the rule thus stated by the contention that the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama has misconstrued its statutes or has adopted a rule of limitation or prescription in conflict therewith. In Leffngwell v. Tarren,2 Black, 599, 603, Mr. Justice Swayne, speaking for the court, thus laid down the rule:
'The courts of the United States, in the absence of legislation upon the subject by Congress, recognize the statutes of limitations of the several States, and give them the same construction and effect which are given by the local tribunals. They are a rule of decision under the 34th section of the Judidial Act of 789. The construction given to a statute of a

BALKAM v. WOODSTOCK iLrON CO.
Opinion of the Court.
State by the highest judicial tribunal of such State is regarded as a part of the statute, and is as binding upon the courts of the United States as the text. . . . If the highest judicial tribunal of a State adopt new views as to the proper construction of such a statute, and reverse its former decisions, this court will follow the latest settled adjudications."
These views meet every point presented here and do not'in any way conflidt with Burgess v. Seligman, 107 U. S. 20, 32; Carrollv. Smith, 111 U. S. 556, 562; or Gibson v. Lyon, 115 U. S. 439. None of those cases involved the question of the conclusiveness on this court of the decisions of the courts of a State as to a statute of limitations and the bar created thereby. It may be that, if the question were before us for original consideration, we should hold that the right of the heirs to sue did not arise until after the death of the holder of the life estate, and therefore, that the bar of the statute would only then begin to run; but we are not at liberty to pass upon that question. When the bar of the statute of prescription, under the laws and decisions of the State of Alabama, began to be operative has been construed by the court of last resort of that State. Necessarily the determination of when the parties had a right to sue was a question concerning the construction when the prescription commenced to run, or when they were obliged to bring their action, whether legal or equitable. Those questions were purely within the province of the Supreme Court of Alabama. In deciding them it passed upon its own statutes of imlTtations or the doctrines of prescriptipn as applied by it, and we are obliged to apply and enforce their conclusions.
To endorse the position of the plaintiffs in error, we should be compelled at the same time to disregard the elementary rules by which decrees of probate are sanctioned and upheld, on the ground of a technical construction which, it is asserted, we are compelled to adopt because of the decisions of the state court of Alabama, and to depart from the settled rule under which this court adheres to the decision of state courts of last resort in construing statutes of limitation or enforcing the doctrine of prescription. In other words, the success of the

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Statement of the Case.
plaintiffs' case depends upon our adhering to the rule by which we follow the construction of state courts in a state matter on the one hand and departing from it on the other.
Judgmnent qj'med.
M .1. JUSTICE JACKSON, not having heard the argument, took no part in the decision of this cause.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY v. BABCOCK.
ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THR DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA.
No. 328. Submitted March 28, 189. -Decided May 26,1894.
In an action by the representatives of a railroad employ6 against the company, to recover damages for the death of the employ6, caused by an accident while in its employ, which is tried in a different State from that in which the contract of employment was made and in which the accident took place, the right to recover and the limit of the amount of the judgment are governed by the lex loci, and not by the lexfori.
A railroad company is bound to furnish sound machinery for the use of its employ~s, and if one of them is killed in an accident caused by a defective snow-plough, the right of his representative to recover damages therefor is not affected by the fact that some two weeks before he was sent out with the defective machinery, he had discovered the defect, and had notified the master mechanic of it, and the latter had undertaken to have it repaired.
Some alleged errors in the charge of the court below are examined and held to have no merit.
THE plaintiff below, who was the administrator of the estate of Hugh M. Munro, sued in the District Court of the Fourth Judicial District of Minnesota to recover $25,000 damages for the killing of Munro on the 10th day of January, 1888, at or near a station known as Gray Cliff on the Northern Pacific Railway in the Territory of Montana. Tha complaint contained the following allegations:

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Statement of the Case.
HARDENBERGH v. RAY.
ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF OREGON.
No. 113. Argued December 12, 13, 1893.- Decided January 3, 1894.
When the jurisdiction of a Circuit Court has fully attached against the tenant in possession in an action of ejectment, the substitution of the landlord as defendant will in no way affect that jurisdiction, although he may be a citizen of the same State with the plaintiff. ·
By the laws of Oregon in force in 1872, a ,testator was authorized and empowered to devise after-acquired real estate.
A will in Oregon, duly executed May 15, 1872, and duly proved after the testator's death in 1886, in which he devised to his sister "all my right, title, and interest in and to all my lands, lots, and real estate lying and being in the State of Oregon," except specific devises previously made, and also "all my personal property and estate," shows an intent not to die intestate, and passes after acquired real estate.
THE facts are stated at length in the opinion of the court. It is sufficient here to say that Peter De Witt Hardenbergh, of Portland, Oregon, made his will May 15, 1872, in form as prescribed by the laws of the State to pass real estate, that he died in 1886, and that the will was duly admitted to probate, and remains in full force. In 1882 he acquired a tract of land in Portland, of which he was seized and possessed at the time of his death. The question at issue in this case was, whether this after-acquired estate passed by a clause in the will devising to his sister "all my right, title, and interest in and to all my lands, lots, and real estate lying and being in the State of Oregon." The action to test this question was ejectment, brought by the brother of the testator, a citizen of New York, against tenants in possession. The devisee having died, her heirs were, on their own motion, substituted as defendants in the place of the tenants. One of these heirs was a citizen of New York. The statute in force in Oregon at the time of the making of the will and of the death of the testator provided that "1every person of twenty-one years of age and upwards, of sound mind, may, by last will, devise all his

HARDENBERGH v. RAY.
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
estate, real and personal, saving to the widow her dower." The court below held that it had jurisdiction in spite of the fact that the plaintiff and one of the defendants were citizens of the same State, and held that the after-acquired property passed to the sister under the will. 33 Fed. Rep. 872. The plaintiff sued out this writ of error.
AXr. Henry B. B. Stapler (with whom was -Yr. Hemnj T. Smith on the brief,) for plaintiff in error.
I. Under the law of Oregon, as it stood at the date of the making of the will, and at the time of Mr. Hardenbergh's death, real estate acquired after the making of a will did not pass thereunder, but descended to the heirs at law.
Oregon was settled by settlers from the older States. They took the rules of the common law with them into their new home.
On June 27, 1844, "the common law of England, not modified by the statutes of Iowa or of this government," was. formally declared by the legislature of the provisional government of Oregon to be the law of the land. Laws of Oregon, 1843-1849, 100. This shows the recognition of the common law by the early emigrants to Oregon. Upon the organization of the state government the common law in its entirety, not modified by the statutes of Oregon, became the law of the land.
That the common law is recognized as the law of Oregon in all cases where the same has not been modified by statute, has been held in numerous cases in the Oregon courts. Bilem v. Paisley, 18 Oregon, 47; Wood v. Rayburn, 18 Oregon, 3; Paulson v. Buckman, 9 Oregon, 264:; Ford v. Umatilla County, 15 Oregon, 313.
So that the statute of wills of Oregon with the common law rules as to matters not covered by the statute, became the law of the State of Oregon, and so continued so far as the purposes of this case are concerned until after the death of Mr. llardenbergh, and until nineteen years after the making of his will, when the law of Oregon was changed; and in the
VOL. CLI-8

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
year 1891 it was declared as a new rule of law, that "any estate or interest in real property acquired by any one after the making of his or her will shall pass thereby, unless it clearly appear therefrom that such was not the intention of the testator." Laws of Oregon, 1891, 99.
By the rule of the common law, under a statute simply giving the power to make a will of the real estate of the testator, real estate acquired after the date of the making of the will did not pass to the devisee, but descended to the heirs at law. Harwood v. Goodkight, 1 Cowp. 87, 90; Brunker v. Cook, 11 M od. 121; Arthur v. Bokenham, 11 Mod. 148; Wind v. Jekyl, 1 P. Wins. 572; .Marwoodv. Turner, 3 P. -ims. 163 ; Jackson v. Blanshen, 3 Johns. 292; S. .3 Am. IDec. 485; Jackson v. Halloway,7 Johns. 394; Jacks n v. Potter,9 Johns. 312; )Jinuse v. Cox, 5 Johns. Oh. 441; S. C.9 Am. Dec. 313; 'FanFleeck v. -Dutch Church of Yew Fork, 20 Wend. 457; Pond v. Bergh, 10 Paige, 140 ; Parkerv. Bogardus,5 N. Y. 309 ; Quinn v. Hardenbrook,54 N.Y. 83 ; Ballardv. C'arter, 5 Pick. 112; . C. 16 Am. Dec. 377; Ewer v. Hobbs,5 Met. (Mass.) 1; Fay v. Winchester, 4 Met. (Mass.) 513; Hays v. Jackson, 6 M ass. 149; Brigham v. Winchester, 1 Met. (Mass.) 390; Girardv. Philadelphia,4 Rawle, 323; Johns v. Doe, 33 Maryland, 515; Jones v. Shoemaker, 35 Georgia, 151; Battle v. Speight, 9 Iredell, (Law,) 288; iRoberts v. Elilliott, 3 T. B. Mon. 395.
This rule of the common law, thus universally recognized, prevailed also in the State of Oregon.
II.It is therefore respectfully submitted that the conclusion arrived at by the learned court below, that at the date of Mr. Hardenbergh's death real estate acquired after the making of his will passed thereunder, is erroneous.
It is to be observed that the court below cites no authority of the State of Oregon, in support of the position that afteracquired lands passed under a will made previous to their acquisition. Indeed, only two cases, Ziggat v. Hart,23 Missouri, 127, and Applegate v. Smith, 31 Missouri, 166, in support of the position of the court on the point in question are cited, over against which stands the vast array of decisions above

HARDENBERGH v. RAY.
Argument for Plaintiff in Error.
referred to, representing the concurring opinions of the courts of the American Union and of England. It is submitted that an examination of these cases shows that they are not authorities which support the position of the court below, but rest upon grounds peculiar to the State of Missouri and not applicable elsewhere.
III. There remains then only to consider the.further reasons advanced in the opinion of the court below. The learned court concedes that the common law of England prevailed in Oregon. This concession would necessarily be fatal to the position taken by the court if the rules of the common law as to after-acquired real estate, which had been repeatedly declared under the statute of 32 Henry 8, c. 1, were held to be a part of the common law. This difficulty by the court is overcome by holding, that "the statute of Henry 8 is no part of the common law, and as such did not become a part of the law of the English colonies. It is conceded that the common law of England, as it stood prior to the accession of James 1, together with the statutes passed in aid thereof, was brought to this country by the colonists and became the basis of the law of the land, 1 Kent, 342, 472, Story's Constitution, secs. 147, 157-8. The Statute of Wills, so far from being in aid of the common law, was in derogation of it, and pr'o tanto superseded it." The court, therefore, holds that "this is not a question of the common law."
It is respectfully submitted that this position is erroneous, and that no distinction can be drawn between the statutes "in aid of " or "in derogation" of the common law, but that that statute of Henry 8, and all other general statutes, together with the common law rules in reference thereto, became the common law of the American colonies.
This was so ruled on an analogous point in the leading case of Bogardus v. Trinity CGurch, 4 Paige, 178. See also Cornmonwealth.v. Leach, 1 Mass. 59; Cormonwealth v. IYnowlton, 2 Mass. 530 ; Sackett v. Sacett, 8 Pick. 309 ; Gilard v. Philadelphia, 4 Rawle, 323.
As the Statute of Wills was enacted in the 32d year of Henry 8, viz.: in the year 1547, which antedated the emigration

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
to this country from England, it necessarily follows that under the above authorities it and the rules of the common law in relation thereto became a part of the common law of the American Colonies.
If, however, in any view of the matter the statute of wills of Oregon can be held to have granted the power to a testator to devise after-acquired real estate, it is submitted that an examination of the will of sv[r. Hardenbergh shows that under well-settled law no such intention can be gathered therefrom.
The statute of 1785, Virginia, (now suspended,) provided "That every person aged twenty-one years and upwards, being of sound mind, and not a married woman, shall have power, at his will and pleasure, by last will and testament in writing, to devise all the estate, right, title, and interest in possession, reversion, or remainder, which he hath, or at the time of his death shall have, of, in, or to lands," etc. Under this a will which bequeathed the whole of my property was held not to pass after-acquired lands. Smith v. _Edrington, 8 Cranch, 66. See also -Lynesv. Townsend, 33 N. Y. 558 ; Quinn v. Har'denbrook, 54 N. Y. 83; Wetmore v. Parker,52 N. Y. 450.
-Mr'. John, H. MitcIell and Mr.James K. Kelly, for defendants in error, on the question of jurisdiction said:
It is disclosed by the record that a question of jurisdiction was urged by the defendants in the court below, growing out of the citizenship of the parties. And it is now suggested by the defendants in error, without indulging in argument of the question, or doing more than presenting the facts on which it rests, that the court below had no jurisdiction of any of the defendants, and, therefore, if any modification whatever of the judgment of the court below is to be directed by this court, it should be to order a dismissal of the action for want of jurisdiction. As this action was commenced and issues joined prior to the act of -March 3, 1887, 24 Stat. 552, c. 373, the question of jurisdiction must be determined by the laws then in force.
M a. JusTicn JAcKsoN delivered the opinion of the court.

HARDENBERGH v. RAY.
Opinion of the Court.
The principal questions presented by the record in this case are, first, whether by the laws of Oregon, in force in 1872, a testator was authorized or empowered to devise after-acquired real property; and, second, whether, if such power existed, the after-acquired real'estate in controversy passed by the testator's will in the present case.
The facts which give rise to these questions are as follows: Peter De Witt Hardenbergh, unmarried and without children, a citizen of Portland, Oregon, died in 1886, leaving a will executed by him May 15, 1872, which was duly probated and remains in full force and effect. By the first clause of the will the testator devised to several nephews, named therein, a certain farm in Ulster County, New York; by the second clause he devised to his sister, Catherine L. Tremper, all his right, title, and interest in and to all other lands in that county and State; and by the third and last clause he gave and bequeathed to his sister, Ellen E. Ray, "all my right, title, and interest in and to all my lands, lots, and real estate lying and being in the State of Oregon, or elsewhere, except as aforesaid; also all my personal property and estate of whatsoever kind and nature."
At the date of the will the testator owned certain real property in Portland, Oregon, and in January, 1882, some ten years after the will was executed, he purchased, and at the time of his death owned, a parcel of land in the city of Portland, valued at $30,000, which is the subject of controversy in this suit.
Ellen E. Ray, the devisee under the third clause of the will, died intestate in 1873, leaving as her heirs Thomas L. Ray, Rachel L. Ray, Hylah E. Ray, and Mary E. Arbuckle, citizens of Oregon; John De Witt Ray, a citizen of Illinois; and Sarah A. Ray, a citizen of New York. Upon the death of the testator these heirs of Ellen E. Ray, who, under the laws of Oregon,
(§ 3077, Hill's Anno. Laws of Oregon,) succeeded to her rights
as devisee, took possession of the premises in controversy, as well as other real property in Oregon, owned by the testator at the time the will was executed.
Herman R. Hardenbergh, a brother of the testator, claimed

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
and demanded an interest in common with the heirs of Ellen E. Ray in the real property acquired after the execution of the testator's will, on the ground that as to those lands he died intestate. This claim was. denied, and he thereupon brought an action at law in the nature of ejectment against Charles Sliter, J. C. Miller, and W. H. West, citizens of Oregon, who were in possession of the demanded premises as tenants of the heirs of Mrs. Ellen E. Ray.
Subsequently, on their own motion, these heirs were substituted as defendants in place of their tenants, against whom the action was originally brought, and by their answer set up that by the law of Oregon the land in question passed to them by the third clause of the will, and that the testator did not die intestate in respect thereto.
The heirs of Ellen E. Ray having thus made themselves parties to the suit, and one of them (Sarah A. Ray) being a citizen of the same State (New York) as the plaintiff, the point was made in the court below, and has been presented in this court, that the jurisdiction of the United States Circuit Court was thereby defeated.
This objection to the jurisdiction of the court is without merit, and was properly overruled by the lower court. When the original suit was brought against Sliter, Miller, and West, the persons in possession, the court acquired jurisdiction of the controversy, and no subsequent change of the parties could affect that jurisdiction. This is well settled by the authorities. X31u1en v. Torrance, 9 Wheat. 537; Dunn v. Clarke, 8 Pet. 1; Clarke v. -Mathewson, 12 Pet. 164; Whyte v. Gibbes, 20 How. 54:1; Pheps v. Oaks, 117 U. S. 236, 240. In this last case it was held that in ejectment against tenants in possession of real estate, whose landlord is a citizen of another State, the plaintiff has a real and substantial controversy with the defendant within the meaning of the act for the removal of causes from state courts, which continues after the landlord is substituted and becomes a party for the purpose of protecting his own interests. The rule announced in this case clearly settles, in a case like the present, that where the jurisdiction of the court has completely attached against the tenant

AIRDENBERGH v. RAY.
Opinion of the Court.
in possession, the substitution of the landlord as a defendant for such tenant will in no way affect or defeat the jurisdiction of the court.
By stipulation of parties the trial of the cause by jury was waiyed, and all questions of law and fact were submitted to the court for its decision. The court found the facts substantially as set out above, and the conclusions of law announced were to the effect that at the time the will was made the testator was empowered and authorized by the laws of Oregon to devise any real estate situated in that State, whether acquired before or after the making of the will, of which he might die seized and possessed. Also, that the intention of the testator, as manifested by the will in the present case, was to devise all of his real estate situated in the State of Oregon to Ellen E. iRay, and that under and by virtue of the devise the demanded premises, on the death of the testator, vested in the defendants as her heirs, and that they were entitled to the exclusive possession thereof. 33 Fed. Rep. 812.
The present writ of error is prosecuted to reverse that judg-. ment. The two assignments of error present the questions heretofore stated.
For the plaintiff in error it is contended that the testator died intestate in respect to the demanded premises, for the reasons that at the time of the execution of his will he possessed no testamentary power to devise after-acquired lands, and because his will manifests no intention to dispose of such property. If either of these propositions can be sustained, the judgment of the court below must be reversed.
In support of the first proposition, it is urged, on behalf of the plaintiff in error, that the common law, with its limitations and restrictions upon testamentary power in respect to real estate, was in force in the State of Oregon at the date of the execution of the will, and up to the death of the testator. Without reviewing the authorities, it is well settled that by the common law lands were not devisable, except in particular places where custom authorized it. This disability of the common law was partially removed by the statute of 32 Henry 8, c. 1, which authorized persons having title to land to dispose

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
thereof by will, and was construed as restricting the right of devising lands, to such an interest only, as the testator had at the time of the execution of the will. Under this statute real estate, subsequently acquired, could not pass by devise; in other words, under the statute of 32 Henry 8 the will as to lands spoke from the date of its execution. So that a general devise of all the testator's estate would comprehend and include all the personalty to which he was entitled at the time of his death, but would not embrace after-acquired land, though such might be the expressed intention of the testator. The reason given for the distinction between real and personal estate was that a devise of land was regarded in the same light as a conveyance, and as a conveyance at common law would not vest for want of seizin, it was therefore held to be operative only on such real estate as the testator might have at the time of the making of the will, that is to say, that a devise was in the nature of a conveyance or appointment of real estate then owned, to take effect at a future date, and could not therefore operate on future acquisitions.
While this strict and arbitrary rule of the common law has been modified by the statutes of most, if not all, of the States of the Union, it is contended for the plaintiff in error that the rights of the parties in the present case are controlled by it, for the reason that the legislature of Oregon did not confer by statute testamentary power to dispose of after-acquired real property until February, 1891.
The provisional government of Oregon in 1844 formally declared by its legislature that "all the statute laws of Iowa Territory, passed at the first legislative assembly of that Territory, and not of a local character, and not incompatible with the conditions and circumstances of this country, shall be the law of this country, unless otherwise modified; and the common law of England, and principles of equity, not modified by the statutes of Iowa, and of this government, and not incompatible with its principles, shall constitute the law of the land."
Among the laws enacted by the first territorial legislature of Iowa, and thus adopted by the provisional government of Oregon, was the following act relative to wills:

HAR-DENBERGH v. RAY.
Opinion of the Court.
"SEcrio 1. Be it enacted by the Council and the Rouse of Representatives of the Territory of Iowax, That any person having an estate in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any annuity or rent charged upon, or issuing out of the same, or any goods or chattels, rights, credits, and choses in action, or in possession, and property of every description, whatever, may give or devise the same to any person by last will and testament by him or her lawfully executed." Laws of the first session of the legislative assembly of the Territory of Iowa, 1838-39, 471.
This statute was substantially the same as that of 32 Henry 8, under which, as settled by the decisions of the English courts, and by those of the States where that statute is in force, after-acquired real estate could not pass by will.
This statute remained in force until 1849, the year after Oregon became a Territory, when the legislature adopted a statute of wills, copied from the Revised Statutes of Missouri, which provided that "every person of twenty-one years of age and upwards, of sound mind, may, by last will, devise all his estate, real and personal, saving to the widow her dower." This Missouri statute, thus adopted by the Territory of Oregon, was a revision of the Virginia statute of 1785, which, by the first section thereof, empowered every adult person of sound mind to devise by last will and testament in writing "all the estate, right, title, and interest in possession, reversion, or remainder, which he or she hath, or at the time of his or her death, shall have of, in, or to, lands, tenements," etc.; "also all goods and chattels."
When the laws of Missouri were revised in 1835, it appearing that one section of the Virginia act gave to the testator the same testamentary power over his real estate that was given him in a separate and distinct clause over his personal estate, the superfluous words were dropped, and the testamentary power over both real and personal properties were united in the one section above quoted.
The Missouri statute thus adopted by Oregon was reenacted in December, 1853, and took effect May 1, 1854, as a part of the code of the Territory. After the admission of the State

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
into the Union in 1859, the legislature of Oregon, in 1862 reenacted without change the above quoted section conferring testamentary power, which has since continued to be the law of Oregon. § 3066, Hill's Code.
By an act of the legislature of Oregon, approved February 20, 1891, it has been provided that "any estate or interest in real property, acquired by any one after the making of his or her will, shall pass thereby, unless it clearly appears therefrom that such was not the intention of the testator; nor shall any conveyance or disposition of real property by any one after the making of his or her will prevent or affect the operation of such will upon any estate, or interest therein, subject to the disposal of that testator at his or her death."
The construction which the plaintiff in error seeks to have placed upon these statutes is, that the territorial statute of 1849, copied from the Missouri statute, simply conferred the power to make a will devising real estate, which, under the rules of the common law, would not operate to pass real estate acquired after the making of the will, and that such testamentary power over after-acquired real estate was first conferred by the act of 1891.
Prior to the adoption of the Missouri statute by the territorial government of Oregon, that statute had received no construction by the Supreme Court of Missouri, but subsequently, in 1856, that court was called upon, in the case of Liggat v. Hart,23 Missouri, 127, 137, to decide whether afteracquired real estate would pass by will under the statute, where such appeared to be the intention of the testator. The court said: "The question is as to the construction of the present law. Must we hold that the act now in force does not confer testamentary power over after-acquired land, and, on account of the change in phraseology of the statute, which was made in 1835, go back to the construction put upon the original statute? We think not. The language now used does not require such a construction at our hands. It is different from the English statute of wills. The testamentary power is given here in general language; it embraces both real and personal estate, and is a power to make a testamen-

HARDENBERGH v. RAY.

Opinion of the Court.

tary disposition of all the testator's property, without any dis-

tinction between real and personal property, and not a mere

power of particular disposition. It is more in the nature of a

Roman will than an English devise of real property. But,

however this may be, when we consider the plan of revising

that was adopted, the impolicy of creating changes in laws

of daily practical importance, the little probability, when all

around us were abandoning the old, narrow construction of

the testamentary power, that our legislature should adopt it,

for the first time, by an express provision for that purpose,

and when we consider, too, that neither the community nor

the profession have generally, as we believe, been aware of

the supposed change, .

we do not think that we would

be warranted in declaring that the legislature, by the change

in the language, intended to effect the substantial change in

the meaning of the law that is supposed, and we shall accord-

ingly give to the act, as it now stands, as literal a construction

in favor of the testamentary power as we should have felt

constrained to have given to the original act."

Again, in Applegate v. Smith, 31 Missouri, 166, 169 (1860),

the same court said: "We consider that the case of Ziggat v.

-Hart,23 Missouri, 127, settles the one now under consideration.

That case determines that the power over the after-acquired

lands possessed by the testator is the same as that which he

possessed over lands which. he owned at the making of the

will; that with respect to after-acquired lands, when the ques-

tion arises whether they have passed by the will, it is just the

same and to be determined on the same considerations as

would determine the question whether lands owned by the

testator at the date of his will passed by it, or, in other words,

that after-acquired lands, as to the power of disposition, rest

on the same ground as the lands owned by the testator at the

date of his will, and the personal estate. According to this

there can be no question but that the lands in Missouri passed

by the will."

The construction which the Supreme Court of the State of

Missouri has thus given to its statute since its first adoption

thereof by Oregon does not have the same controlling effect it

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
would have if the decisions had been rendered before such adoption, still, they are strongly persuasive of the proper interpretation of the act, and have been so regarded by the courts of Oregon, which have clearly indicated that the statute of wills of that State should receive the same construction which has been placed thereon by the Missouri decisions. Thus in a errish v. Get'fish, 8 Oregon, 351, 353, decided after the :Missouri cases, it was said by the court: "OUr statute is an exact copy of the Missouri statute, and the courts of that State having been called upon frequently to construe it, we must look principally to the decisions of that State to ascertain its proper judicial construction."
This approval of the construction placed by the Supreme Court of Missouri upon the statute, after its adoption by the territorial government, in connection with its reenactment by the legislature of the State*in 1862- after the date of the Missouri decisions- may be fairly considered as settling its proper interpretation by the courts of Oregon. If the same construction had been placed upon the statute by the courts of Missouri before its original adoption by the territorial government of Oregon, it is clear, upon the authorities, that that construction would have been adopted with the statute, and the same effect would seem properly to follow from an approval by the Supreme Court of the State of the construction placed upon the statute by the Supreme Court of Missouri, prior to its reenactment in 1862 by the legislature of the State of
Oregon. If the later act of 1849, copied from the Revised Statutes of
Missouri, is no broader in its scope and operation than the statute of 32 Henry 8, which was embodied in the Iowa statute adopted by the provisional government of Oregon in 1844, then there would be a lack of testamentary power to dispose of after-acquired real property. This is practically what the contention of the plaintiff in error comes to. But the power of testamentary disposition conferred by the act of 1849, (copied from the Missouri statutes,) and reenacted in 1853 and 1862, as construed by the courts of Missouri and Oregon, is more comprehensive in its provisions than the act of 32 Henry 8,

HARDENBERGH v. R.AY.
Opinion of the Court.
confers a larger and broader power of disposition over real estate of which the testator may die seized and possessed, and extends to and includes after-acquired real estate.
In respect to the question of testamentary power of disposition over real estate, the Missouri act adopted by the territorial government, and reenacted by the State of Oregon, was unquestionably intended to be as broad and comprehensive as the Virginia act of 1785, N-hich conferred the testamentary power to devise after-acquired land, and was more comprehensive than the prior act of 1844, taken from the Iowa statute. As already stated, the language of the statute makes no distinction between personalty and realty. It confers the power to dispose of the realty as broadly as the personalty. The saving to the widow her dower is itself indicative of an intention to make the will speak as of the date of the testator's death, at which time the widow's right of dower would come into actual possession and practical enjoyment, whether the dower right extended to all lands owned during coverture or possessed by the husband at his death.
In conformity with this construction, the Supreme Court of Oregon has held, in Aorse v. _lHacrurn, 22 Oregon, 229, that the will, as a general rule, speaks from the death of the testator, and not from its date, unless its language, by a fair construction, indicates a contrary intention; in this respect adopting the rule laid down by the Supreme Court of Connecticut in Can.feld v. Bostwick, 21 Connecticut, 550; Gold v. Judson, 21 Connecticut, 616, where it is stated to be the general rule that a will speaks from the death of the testator, where there is nothing in its language to indicate a. different intention.
Having reached the conclusion that the act of 1849, adopted from the State of Missouri, (and since renacted,) as construed by the decisions of the Supreme Court of Missouri, and approved by the Supreme Court of Oregon, confers testamentary power to devise after-acquired real estate, it is not material to consider the statute of February 20, 1S91, or to determine whether that statute was intended to be declaratory of the previous law, or was intended to

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
prescribe a rule for the construction of wills in respect to which the authorities have been and are in great conflict, many of the cases holding, as in Smith v. Edrington, 8 Oranch, 66, that even where the power exists to dispose of after-acquired real property, it would not pass unless such was the clear and manifest intention on the part of the testator; in other words, that the presumption in respect to such property was in favor of the heir at law. This rule of presumption, or construction, the Oregon statute of 1891 may have been intended to change by declaring that unless it appeared clearly from the will it was not the intention of the testator, such after-acquired real property would pass.
On this branch of the case our conclusion is that the testator (flardenbergh) possessed the testamentary power to devise the after-acquired lands in controversy.
The remaining question is, whether by the third and last clause of his will the testator intended to dispose of all the real estate in Oregon, or elsewhere, of which he might die seized and possessed.
The cardinal rule for the construction of wills, to which all other rules must bend, as stated by Chief Justice Marshall in Smith v. Bell, 6 Pet. 68, 75, is, that "the intention of the testator expressed in his will shall prevail, provided it be consistent with the rules of law. This principle is generally asserted in the construction of every testamentary disposition. It is emphatically the will of the person who makes it, and is defined to be 'the legal declaration of a man's intentions, which he wills to be performed after his death.' These intentions are to be collected from his words, and ought to be carried into effect if they be consistent with law."
In Japer v. Jasper, 17 Oregon, 590, the same rule is adopted, and in ascertaining what the intention of the testator is, the words used are to be taken according to their meaning as gathered from the construction of the whole instrument. It is furthermore settled by the authorities that when one undertakes to make a will it will be presumed that his purpose is to dispose of his entire estate. Phelps v. Phelps, 143 Mass. 570; Prudenv. Pruden,14 Ohio St. 251 ; Gi pin v. Williams, 17

RIARDENIBERGH v. RAY.
Opinion of the Court.
Ohio St. 396; Leigh v. Savidge, 14 N. J. Eq. (1 McCarter) 124 ; Gourley v. Thompson, 2 Sneed, 387; Appeal of Boards of .Afisions, 91 Penn. St. 507.
In the present case the devise to the testator's sister of all his right, title, and interest in and to all his lands, lots, and real estate lying and being in the State of Oregon, or elsewhere, except as to the specific devises previously made; and also all of his personal property and estate of whatsoever kind or nature, is sufficiently comprehensive to indicate an intention to pass everything of which he might die seized and possessed, both of real and personal property. This disposition, residuary in its character, is utterly inconsistent with an intention to die intestate as to any portion of his estate, real or personal. When the words of the will of a testator will fairly carry, as in the present case, the whole estate of which he dies seized and possessed, there is no presumption of an intention to die intestate as to any part of his property. This general rule is laid down in Given v. Uilton, 95 U. S. 594, where it is further stated that "the law prefers a construction which will prevent a partial intestacy to one that will permit it, if such a construction may be reasonably given, (Vernon v. ]Fernon, 53 N. Y. 351,) and certainly when, as in this case, the intent to make a complete disposition of all the testator's property is manifest throughout his will, its prpvisions should be so construed, if they reasonably may be, as to carry into effect his general intent."
Without going into any review of the authorities, special reference may be made to the case of W]ait v. Belding, 24 Pick. 129, 136, 137, which arose under a will executed in 1797, before the Revised Statutes of Massachusetts went into effect, which devised to the testator's two sons the whole of his "lands and buildings, lying and being in the town of Hatfield." By a codicil, dated May 2, 1812, he gave to the same sons lands, not enumerated in the will, purchased since then, in the town of Hatfield, or elsewhere. In construing this will, Ghief Justice Shaw said: "In general, a will looks to the future; it has no operation, either on real or personal property, till the death of testator. General words, therefore, may

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
as well include what the testator expects to acquire, as what he then actually holds. The term, ' all my property,' may as well include all which may be his at his decease, as all which is his at the date of the will, and will be construed to be so intended, unless there are words in the description which limit and restrain it. We are then brought back to the particular description, 'the whole of my lands and buildings lying and being in the town of Hatfield.' There are certainly no words, and nothing in the will, showing an intent to limit it to the lands and buildings then held by him. No uch intent can be presumed. Had it been all iny lands and buildings in .Hatfield or elsewhere in the original will, the law would have equally restrained its operation to lands then held, not because it was the intent of the testator that it should so operate, but because, assuming that it was his intent that all should pass, such intent is in contravention of the rule of law, and cannot be carried into effect.
"The court are of opinion that this general description of the whole of his lands and buildings in Hatfield is broad enough to embrace the whole estate there, whether acquired before or subsequently to the making of the will, and there is nothing in the terms or construction of the will which would warrant us in restraining it to the lands then owned. By the :Revised Statutes it is provided that a will shall embrace afteracquired real estate as well as personal property, when such is the intent of the testator. These statutes do not affect this will, and I only allude to them by way of illustration. Suppose this will had been made after the Revised Statutes, and the question should be, whether the estate now in controversy passed by othis devise. There seems to be no doubt that it would, the description being general of all lands in Hatfield, without limitation as to the time of acquisition. Then, if this description was sufficient to include all real estate in Hatfield, it would have passed by the original will, but for the rule of law restraining the operation of all devises to estate held by testator at the date of the devise. But when the date is brought down by the republication of the will, it takes effect upon all estate acquired between the original date and the

CENTRAL TRUST CO. v. IcGEORGE.

Syllabus.

republication, and held by the testator at the time of the

republication. Had there been a general residuary clause, for

instance, such would clearly have been the effect of a repub-

lication. But the only difference is that a residuary clause

embraces all estate whenever acquired; but if the description

actually used is sufficiently large to embrace the estate in con-

troversy, the result must be the same as to such estate."

These views are directly in point in the present case, where

the language is just as comprehensive, and manifests just as

clearly an intention of the testator to devise all his lands in

the State of Oregon.

It may, therefore, be laid down as a general proposition,

that where the testator makes a general devise of his real estate,

especially by residuary clause, he will be considered as mean-

ing to dispose of such property to the full extent of tiis capac-

ity ; and that such a devise will carry, not only the property

held by him at the execution of the will, but also real estate

subsequently acquired of which he may be seized and possessed

at the date of his death, provided there is testamentary power

to make such disposition. 1 Jarman on Wills, 326, 5th ed.,

and other authorities cited.

From the foregoing considerations we are of opinion that

there was no error in the judgment of the court below, and

the same is accordingly

Afflrmed.

CENTRAL TRUST COMPANY v. McGEORGE.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA.
No. 965. Submitted November 27, 1893. - Decided January 3, 1894.
Exemption from being sued out of the district of its domicil is a privilege which a corporation may waive, and which is waived by pleading to the merits.
The fact that neither the plaintiff nor the defendant reside in the district in which the suit is brought do not prevent the operation of the waiver. VOL. CLI-9

ROBERTS v. LEWIS.
Statement of the Case.
ROBERTS v. LEWIS.
CERTIFICATE FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE EIGHTH CIRCUIT.
No. 1044. Submitted April 23, 1894. -- Decided May 14,1894.
Under a will, by which the testator devises and bequeathes to his wife "all my estate, real and personal, of which I may die seized, the same to be and remain hers, with full power, right and authority to dispose of the same as to her shall seem most meet and proper, so long as she shall remain my widow, upon the express condition, however, that if she should marry again, then it is my will that all of the estate herein bequeathed, or whatever may remain, should go to my surviving children, share and share alike," the widow has power during widowhood to convey to third persons an estate in fee simple in his lands.
Giles v. Little, 104 U. S. 291, overruled; and Little v. Giles, 25 Nebraska, 313, followed.
THIs was an action of ejectment, brought June 11, 1881, by Walter F. Lewis against Artemas Roberts, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Nebraska, to recover possession of six lots in the town of South Lincoln, in the county of Lancaster and State of Nebraska. The Circuit Court gave judgment for the plaintiff, and the case was taken by writ of error to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, which certified to this court the following facts :
On May 10, 1869, Jacob Dawson duly made his last will, which was duly admitted to probate in 1869 after his death, .and which, omitting the formal parts, was as follows:
"After all my lawful debts are paid and discharged, the residue of my estate, real and personal, I give and bequeath and dispose of as follows, to wit: To my beloved wife, Editha J. Dawson, I give and bequeath all my estate, real and personal, of which I may die seized, the same to be and remain hers, with full power, right and authority to dispose of the same as to her shall seem most meet and proper, so long as .she shall remain my widow, upon the express condition, how-

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Statement of the Case.
ever, that if she should marry again, then it is my will that all of the estate herein bequeathed, or whatever may remain, should go to my surviving children, share and share alike, and in case any of my children should have deceased leaving issue, then the issue so left to receive the share to which said child would be entitled. I likewise make, constitute and appoint my said wife, Editha J., to be executrix of this my last will and testament, hereby revoking all former wills made by me."
At the time of his death, he had a perfect title to the lots in controversy in this suit. On March 15, 1870, Editha J. Dawson conveyed these lots by warranty deed to Paran England, who, on December 15, 1871, conveyed them by warranty deed to Roberts, the plaintiff in error. On December 11, 1879, Editha J. Dawson married Henry M. Pickering. On September 15, 1879, the children of Jacob Dawson made a warranty deed of these lots to Hiland H. Wheeler and Lionel C. Burr; and Wheeler and Burr afterufards made a warranty deed thereof to Ezekiel Giles, who, in May, 1887, conveyed them by warranty deed to Lewis, the defendant in error.
While the title in these lots was vested in Giles as aforesaid, he brought an action claiming under that title to recover another lot in the same county, which had belonged to Jacob Dawson at the time of his death, against one Little, who claimed under a deed executed by Editha J. Dawson during her widowhood. That case was brought by writ of error to this court, which held at October term, 1881, that under the will of Jacob Dawson his widow only took "an estate for life in the testator's lands, subject to be divested on her ceasing to be his widow, with power to convey her qualified life estate only," and that "her estate in the land and that of her grantees determined on her marriage with Pickering." Giles v. Little, 104 U. S. 291.
After that decision, but whether before or after the aforesaid deed from Giles to Lewis did not appear, a suit was brought in the district court of Lancaster county by various grantees of the widow against Giles to quiet their title against the title claimed by Giles under the aforesaid deed from the

ROBERTS v. LEWIS. Counsel for Parties.

children of Jacob Dawson; and was taken by appeal to the Supreme Court of Nebraska, which held that the will of Jacob Dawson, under the statutes of the State of Nebraska, enabled his widow, prior to her remarriage, to convey an estate in fee simple in any of the lands whereof her deceased husband had died seized. Little v. Giles, 25 Nebraska, 313.
Upon these facts, the Circuit Court of Appeals duly certified to this court the following questions or propositions of law:
"First. In determining the nature of the estate that be-came vested in said Editha J. Dawson under said will of her deceased husband, Jacob Dawson, in and to lands situated in the State of Nebraska, whereof said Jacob Dawson died seized and possessed, should the Circuit Court of Appeals be governed by the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in Giles v. Little, 104 U. S. 291, 300, or by the subse,quent decision of the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska in Little v. Giles, 25 Nebraska, 313, 334?
"Second. Did the aforesaid will of Jacob Dawson vest his widow with such an estate in lands whereof the testator died seized, situated in the State of Nebraska, that during her widowhood she could convey to third parties an estate in fee simple therein?
"Third. Should the construction of the will of Jacob Dawson, deceased, which was adopted by the Supreme Court of the United States in Giles v. Little, 104 U. S. 291, be adhered to by the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit in determining the right of Walter F. Lewis in and to the property heretofore described, in view of the fact that said Walter F. Lewis purchased said property subse·quently to the promulgation of said decision in Giles v. Little, and prior to the decision of the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska in the case of Little v. Giles, 25 Nebraska, 313 ?"

Mr. /. -error.

. tHarwoodand -Mr. John . Ames for plaintiff in

.M'. 31. Woolworth and 3fr. 1. C. Burr for defendant in error.
VOL. oCmi-24

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Argument for Defendant in Error.
The general rule is that the laws of the several States shall be regarded as rules of decision in the Federal courts in cases to which they apply, except where the Constitution, treaties, or statutes of the United States otherwise require or provide. In trials at common law this is prescribed by statute. In suits in equity and admiralty, it has been established by a long course of decisions. It is of equal force and application in all the jurisdictions of the Federal courts.
But stated in these general terms, the rule leaves many interesting questions. One, and a radical one, is what are the laws of the several States which shall be rules of decision in the Federal courts. The cases do not show that this court has ever yielded its judgment to that of a state court when it has deliberately spoken first. The question always being what is the local law, this court always, in obedience to the spirit of the general rule, accepts the exposition of it by the local court, if such exposition has been given. But if this court is, by the exigencies of an orderly litigation, first called on to determine the local law and it does so, it does not yield its judgment to that of a local court afterwards pronounced, save only when, as in all othdr cases, it becomes satisfied upon its own independent examination that it has fallen into error. Groves v. Slaughter', 15 Pet. 449; Rowan v. Runnels, 5 How. 134. In the latter case Chief Justice Taney, after examining the decision in the former case, said: "It now appears, however, that the question has since been brought before the courts of the State, and it has been settled by its highest tribunals that the clause in the constitution above referred to did of itself, and without any legislative enactment, prohibit the introduction of slaves as merchandise and for sale, and render all contracts for the sale of such slaves made after May 1, 1833, illegal and void. And it is argued that inasmuch as this court adopts the construction given by the state courts to their own constitution and laws, we ought to follow the decisions in Mississippi, and declare the case before us to be void, notwithstanding the case of Groves v. Slaughter. But we are not aware of any decision in this court which presses the rule so far, or that would justify this court in declaring

ROBERTS v. LEWIS.
Argument for Defendant in Error.
contracts to be void upon this ground, which, upon the fullest consideration, it has so recently held to be good."
In Pease v. Pecle, 18 How. 595, Mr. Justice Grier, delivering the opinion of the court, discussed somewhat at large this question, and at pages 598, 599, said: "But when this court has first decided a question arising under state laws, we do not feel bound to surrender our convictions, on account of a contrary subsequent decision of a state court, as in the case of .Rowan v. Rtunnes, 5 How. 139." See also -Morgan v. Curtenius, 20 How. 1.
The case which must always be considered as concluding this question is Burgess v. Seligman, 107 U. S.20, 35. It has been cited with approval in every case which has since been before the Federal Supreme Court, and in which, in any of its phases, the question has been presented. The opinion delivered by Mr. Justice Bradley was the unanimous judgment of the court. That great judge brought his best powers to the subject. His examination of the decisions was exhaustive, as is shown by the citation in the margin of almost every previous case; his discrimination was characteristic, and his expressions were as exact and pregnant and strong as in any of his judicial writings.
Upon the point now under discussion the opinion is familiar to the court, and need not be quoted at length. The explication of it concludes with these words: "In the present case, as already observed, when the transaction in question took place, and when the decision of the Circuit Court was rendered, not only was there no settled construction of the statute on the point under consideration, but the Missouri cases referred to arose upon the identical transaction which the Circuit Court was called upon and which we are now called upon to consider. It can hardly be contended that the Federal court was to wait for the state courts to decide the merits of the controversy and then simply register their decision; or that the Circuit Court should be reversed merely because the state court has since adopted a different view. If we could see fair and reasonable ground to acquiesce in that view, we should gladly do so; but in the exercise of that inde-

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Argument for Defendant in Error.
pendent judgment which it is our duty to apply to the case, we are enforced to a different conclusion. Pease v. Peck, 18 How. 595, and Morgan v. Curtenius, 20 How. 1, in which the opinions of the court were delivered by Mr. Justice Grier, are precisely in point."
It would serve no useful purpose to cite other cases to the same effect,' or to seek to support by any reasoning what may be now considered one of the institutes of the law. There are cases which are sometimes cited as holding another doctrine, but an examination of their facts will show that they are entirely consistent with the judgments cited above.
The controversy in the case of Williamson v. Suydam, 20 How. 427, was before the Federal court several times, and an account of it will be useful. In 1802 Mary Clark died seized of the lands in dispute, leaving a will devising the same to Benjamin Moore and his wife, who was the daughter of the testatrix, and Mrs. Maunsell in trust to receive the rents and pay them to Thomas B. Clark, a grandson of the testatrix,, during his lifetime, and at his death to his issue then living in fee; and if he died without issue, then to Clement C. Moore in fee. In 1814 the legislature of New York by an act discharged the trustees, on account of their inability to act from infirmity of health and other causes, and empowered the court of chancery to appoint others in their places, who should divide the land into two equal parts, one of which they should hold upon the trusts declared in the will, and to sell the other and invest the proceeds, holding the principal for the same uses and paying the interest to Thomas B. Clark. This measure proving ineffectual for the purposes for which that act was passed, in 1815 another was enacted authorizing him to act as trustee and providing that no sale by him should be effectual without the Chancellor's approval. Afterwards, in that year, Chancellor Kent authorized Clark to sell the eastern moiety. In 1816 another act was passed authorizing Clark, under the Chancellor's order, to mortgage or sell the southern moiety, applying the proceeds for the purposes required by the Chancellor under the former acts. In 1817 the Chancellor made an order accordingly authorizing Clark to convey any

ROBERTS v. LEWIS.
Argument for Defendant in Error.
part of the southern moiety in satisfaction of debts, upon a valuation to be made as therein provided. In 1818 Clark conveyed the premises to McIntyre, under whom Suydam held. During this time Clark had infant children. The legislation and orders mentioned were obtained at his instance, with the consent of all concerned except these infants. In 1826 Clark died, leaving .these children. They sought to recover these premises, claiming among other things that the act was unconstitutional, and the Chancellor's orders were void for that reason, and because the orders were unauthorized by these acts. This controversy was first raised in the state courts. The action was ejectment. The lessor of the plaintiff, Moses Field, claimed upon a mortgage made by Clark, and a decree of foreclosure sale and master's deed; the defendant claimed under a lease made by the original trustees. The validity of the acts of the legislature and the orders of the Chancellor was thus drawn in question, and the judgment was for the plaintiff. The case was then taken to the court of errors and is reported under the name of Sinclkr v. Jackson, in 8 Cowen, 543. The court declined to express an opinion upon the validity of the legislation and the judicial proceedings, deciding the case on other grounds. This was in December, 1826.
The next case was Clark v. YanSurlay, 15 Wend. 436 (1836). This was also an ejectment brought by one of the children of Thomas B. Clark. The defendant claimed under the latter, acting under the acts and orders above mentioned. The Supreme Court held the acts constitutional and valid, and that the children could not question the validity of the Chancellor's orders in ejectment on the ground of excess of authority; and that they not being void, the remedy was in equity or a court of review. The case was then carried to the court of errors, where it is reported under the style of Cochran v. JTanSurlay, in 20 Wend. 365; S. C. 32 Am. Dec. 570; (1838,) the original plaintiff having married Cochran. Chancellor Walworth delivered an opinion in favor of affirmance, and Senator Verplanck against the same. Upon the vote seven voted to reverse and twelve to affirm the judgment.
An action in ejectment was then brought in the New York

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Argument for Defendant in Error.
circuit by Mrs. Williamson, one of the children of Thomas 13. Clark, against Barry, who claimed under the legislation and orders and proceedings above mentioned and Clark's action thereunder. The judges were divided in opinion, and the case came to the Supreme Court on certificate made in 1846. Because of the difference between the members of the Court of Errors, that court did not think itself concluded by opinion of the latter, examined the question as an original one, and found that the orders of the Chancellor were without jurisdiction, and that what was done under them was void. The opinion of the court was delivered by Mr. Justice Wayne, in the course of which he said that Judge Bronson, delivering the opinion of the Supreme Court of the State in 15 Wend., said that the acts of the legislature did not give the Chancellor power to make the order; and that this may be gathered from the opinion of Chancellor Walworth in the Court of Error in 20 Wend., and is intimated by Senator Verplauck as his strong impression. And then the learned judge states a point of difference between this court and the state court, and says: "Our conclusion, however, contrary to theirs, will be put upon grounds not suggested when they acted upon this case." The state court had held that a decree in chancery could not be looked into in a collateral way for the purpose of setting aside rights growing out of it. Admitting the rule, it was held that the jurisdiction of any court exercising authority over a subject may be inquired into in every other court.
Afterwards an action was brought in the Superior Court of New York, presenting the same questions, and was carried to the Court of Appeals. Towle v. Forney, 14 N. Y. 423 (1856). The court, speaking by Denio, C. J., reviewed the judgments reported in 15 Wend. and 20 Wend., and found that they settled the rule and refused to follow the judgment of the Federal court.
The case reported in 8 How. went back for a new trial, which resulted in a judgment for the plaintiff. It was again brought to the Supreme Court, and is reported under the title of Suydam v. Willioamson, 24 How. 427 (1860). Mr. Justice Campbell delivered the opinion. He showed that the state

ROBERTS v. LEWIS.
Opinion of the Court.
court held that the rule was settled by the judgments reported in 15 and 20 Wend., and it was bound to follow them instead of that of this court. Because the state court had thus settled the question, he held that under the circumstances this court was bound to follow it.
The case came there again, and is reported in 6 Wall., but what was then ruled is not material here.
In a long series of cases of various circumstances, this court, in a jealous care of rights derived from contracts, has uniformly held that if the state courts have held a certain view of the law upon which contracts have been made and rights have been acquired, and afterwards they have changed their decisions, they will not be followed in the Federal courts, in cases to enforce those contracts, but the law of the State at the time those rights were acquired will be rigidly applied. .Mercer County v. Hacket, 1 Wall. 83; Gelpoke v. Dubuue, 1 Wall. 175 ;.Ilavemeyer v. Iowa County, 3 Wall. 294; Thornson v. Lee County, 3 Wall. 327; Jitchell v. Burlington, 4 Wall. 270; Lee County v. Rogers, 7 Wall. 181; City v. Lamson, 9 Wall. 477; Olcott v. The Supervisors, 16 Wall. 678; Douglass v. County of Pike, 101 U. S. 677; Thompson v. Perrine,103 U. S. 806; S.C. 106 U. S.589; Pleasant Township v. tna Ins. Co., 138 U. S. 67; Clark v. Bever, 139 U. S.96.
Counsel then contended that the construction given to the will by this court in Giles v. Little, 104: U. S. 291, was correct; citing, among other cases, Smith v. Bell, 6 Pet. 68; Brant v. VTirginia Coal Co., 93 U. S.326.
Mi . JUSTicE GuAY, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
This certificate distinctly presents for decision the question (argued, but not decided, when this case was before this court at a former term, reported in 144 U. S.653) of the construction of the will of Jacob Dawson, the material part of which was as follows:
"To my beloved wife, Editha J. Dawson, I give and bequeath all my estate, real and personal, of which I may die

OCTOBER TERIM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
seized, the same to be and remain hers, with full power, right., and authority to dispose of the same as to her shall seem most meet and proper, so long as she shall remain my widow, upon the express condition, however, that if she should marry again, then it is my will that all of the estate herein bequeathed, or whatever may remain, should go to my surviving children, share and share alike."
By the statutes of Nebraska, "every devise of land in any will hereafter made shall be construed to convey all the estate of the devisor therein, which he could lawfully devise, unless it shall clearly appear by the will that the devisor intended to convey a less estate;" and "the term 'heirs,' or other technical words of inheritance, shall not be necessary to create or convey an estate in fee simple." Nebraska Comp. Stat. c. 23, § 124; c. 73, § 49.
In the opinion delivered by this court in a former case between different parties, and concerning other land, the second of those sections was not referred to, and the first was imperfectly quoted (omitting the word "clearly" before "appear") and was treated as of no weight; and it was held, reversing the decision of Judge Mc~rary in 2 McCrary, 370, that by the true construction of the will the widow "took under it an estate for life in the testator's lands, subject to be divested on her ceasing to be his widow, with power to convey her qualified life estate only;" and that "her estate in the land and that of her grantees determined on her marriage with Pickering" Giles v. Iittle, 104 U. S. 299, 300.
The Supreme Court of Nebraska, in a subsequent case, considered those sections of the statute as controlling the construction of the will, and making it clear that the widow took an estate in fee. Little v. Giles, 25 Nebraska, 321, 322. That court was also of opinion that the gift over to the children passed only that portion of the estate, real or personal, not disposed of by the widow during her widowhood; and upon the whole case concluded "that the intention of the testator was to empower his widow to convey all of his real and personal estate, if she saw fit to do so, and, as she had exercised this right and power before her remarriage, the

ROBERTS v. LEWIS.
Opinion of the Court.
grantees under her deeds acquired all the title of the testator to such lands." 25 Nebraska, 327, 328, 334.
The opinion of the Supreme Court of the State appears to have been formed upon full consideration of the difficulties of the case; ana is entitled to great weight, especially upon the construction of the statute of the State. Suydarm v. Williamson, 24: How. 427. And this court, on reconsideration of the whole matter, with the aid of the various judicial opinions upon the subject, and of the learned briefs of counsel, is of opinion that the sound construction of this will, as to the extent of the power conferred on the widow, is in accordance with the conclusion of the state cburt, and not with the former decision of this court, which must, therefore, be considered as overruled.
The testator's primary object manifestly was to provide for his widow. He begins by giving her "all my estate, real and personal," which of itself would carry a fee, unless restricted by other words. Larmertv. Paine,3 Cranch, 97. He then says "to be and remain hers," which, upon any possible constructioh, secures to her the full use and enjoyment of the estate, while she holds it. She is also vested, in the most comprehensive terms, "with full power, right and authority to dispose of the same" (which, as no less title has yet been mentioned, naturally means the whole estate) "as to her shall seem most meet and proper, so long as she shall remain my widow." This last clause, so far as it controls the previous words, has full effect if construed as limiting the time during which the widow may have the use and enjoyment of the estate, and the power to dispose of it, and not restricting the subject to be disposed of. The power thus conferred, therefore, in its own terms, as well as by the general intent of the testator, gives her during widowhood the right to sell and convey an absolute title in any part of the estate; for it would be difficult, if not impossible, to obtain an adequate price for a title liable to be defeated in the hands of the purchaser by the widow's marrying again.
That the power was intended to be unlimited in this respect appears, even more distinctly, by the terms of the next clause,

OCTOBER TERM, 1893.
Opinion of the Court.
by which, if she should marry again, the testator declares it to be his will that "all of the estate herein bequeathed, or whatever may remain, should go" to his surviving children. By not using the technical word "remainder," or making the devise over include the entire estate at all events, but carefully adding, after the words "all the estate herein bequeathed," the alternative "or whatever may remain" (which would otherwise have no meaning) he clearly manifests his intention to restrict the estate given to the children to whatever has not been disposed of by the widow; and there is nothing upon the face of the will, nor are there any extrinsic facts in this record, haiing any tendency to show that the power of the widow is less absolute over the real estate than over the personal property.
The cases of Smith v. Bell, 6 Pet. 68, and Brant v. Virginia Coal Co., 93 U. S. 326, relied on in support of the opposite conclusion, involved the construction of wills expressed in different language from that now before the court.
In Smith v. Bell, the testator bequeathed "all his personal estate," consisting principally of slaves, to his wife, "to and for her own use and benefit and disposal absolutely, the remainder of said estate, after her decease, to be for the use of" his son; and the decision was that the wife took a life estate only, and the son a vested remainder. The wife bad made no conveyance of the property; the words of the gift over were the technical ones "the remainder of my estate," appropriately designating the whole estate after the wife's death; and the court distinctly intimated that, if the will were construed as giving the wife "the power to sell or consume the whole personal estate during her life," a gift over of "what remains at her death" would be "totally incompatible" and "void for uncertainty." 6 Pet. 78. But in the case at bar, the gift over is in express terms of "whatever may remain." If the intent expressed by these words can be carried out, the children take only what has not been disposed of. If the clause containing them is repugnant and void, the view of the Supreme Court of Nebraska that the widow took an estate in fee is fortified. See Howard v. Carusi, 109 U. S. 725; Potter v. Couch, 141 U. S. 296, 315, 316.

IOBERTS v. LEWIS.
Opinion of the Court.
In Brant v. FirginiaCoal Co., the bequest which was held to give a life estate, and no power to convey a fee, was only of the testator's estate, real and personal, to his wife, "to have and to hold during her life, and to do with as she sees proper before her death." 93 U. S. 327.
The numerous cases cited in the briefs have been examined, and show that the general current of authority in other courts is in favor of our present conclusion; but, as they largely depend upon the phraseology of particular wills, it would serve no useful purpose to discuss them in detail.
It is unnecessary to express a positive opinion upon the question whether, under this will, the widow took an estate in fee; for if she took a less estate with power to convey in fee, the result of the case, and the answers to the questions certified, must be the same as if she took an estate in fee herself.
For the reasons above stated, this court is of opinion that the will of Tacob Dawson did give his widow such an estate in lands in Nebraska of which he died seized, that she could during her widowhood convey to third persons an estate in fee simple therein; and that the Circuit Court of Appeals, in determining the nature of the estate vested in her by the will insuch lands, should be governed, not by the former decision of this court in Giles v. Little, 104: U. S.. 291, but by the decision of the Supreme Court of Nebraska in Little v. Giles, 25 Nebraska, 313.
The result is, that the first question certified must be answered accordingly; that the second question must be answered in the affirmative; and that the third question must be answered in the negative; and that these answers be
Oertifted to the Cirouit Court of Appeals.

