OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Statement of the Case.
HILTON'S ADMINISTRATOR v. JONES.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA.
No. 1. Submitted October 28, 1895.- Decided November 18, 1895.
L. filed his petition In a State court of Nebraska, setting forth that he was the owner, as trustee for two infants, of an undivided two-thirds interest in a tract of land in that State, and individually in his own right of the other undivided third; that the lands yielded no revenue and were encumbered with unpaid taxes, etc.; and praying for leave to sell or mortgage one-half of the lands, declaring his willingness to join in the deed or mortgage as to his individual interest. A supplementary petition accompanied this and was filed with it, certifying to the integrity of L., and praying that power might be given him to sell or mortgage the premises as asked. This petition was signed by several parties in interest, among whom was H. The court, in its decree, recited the title as stated in the petition, and authorized the sale as asked for. On a bill filed by H. to establish his title to one undivided third part of the lands, and prosecuted after his death by his administrator, Held, that the alleged title of H. was resjudicata; that he was estopped from maintainIng this suit; and that it was not open to him or his representative in this suit to question the authority of the attorney of H. in the proceedings in the state court.
THIS was a bill in equity, filed by George H. Hilton, appellant'sintestate, to cancel certain deeds, and to establish the title of the complainant to an undivided- one-third of about 1900 acres of land, the greater portion of which is situated in Lancaster County, Nebraska, and near to the city of Lincoln.
The litigation originally consisted of two suits, which were heard together in the lower court. The other suit, in which the two surviving sons of the appellant's intestate here were complainants, was appealed to this court, but was dismissed by reason of the appellants failing to print the record. In that suit the appellants claimed a beneficial interest in twothirds of the lands.. Ih this suit appellant claims an undivided one-third of the same lands.
The facts of the case are substantially as follows: 1. On October 26, 1861, complainant's intestate, George H.

HILTON'S ADMINISTRATOR v. JONES.
Statement of the Case.
Hilton, being the owner of the lands described in the bill, conveyed the same for a nominal consideration to his brother "John Hilton, his heirs and assigns forever," in trust for the benefit of his sons George L., James F., and Joseph B. Hilton, "in equal portion, said trustee having authority to sell and convey all or any portion at any time or in any way at his discretion, for their benefit, the following-described real estate," etc., "to have and to hold the same to the only proper use of. said John Hilton, in trust as aforesaid, his heirs and assigns forever." This trust was accepted.
2. On September 16, 1863, said John Hilton as trustee, by warranty deed, absolute in terms, and for the expressed consideration of $1000, conveyed all the said lands to Alice B. Hilton, now Alice B. Ducharme, a. sister of the three cestui8 que trustent. It appeared upon the face of the deed that Hilton conveyed as trustee for the three sons of complainant
George H. Hilton.
3. On November 22, 1865, Alice B. Hilton, upon the eve of her marriage, conveyed the same premises to Augusta Hilton, her sister, a girl of 18 years, by an absolute deed without mentioning the trust.
4. On May 18, 1866, George H. Hilton, the original complainant, and his wife Honora, also executed to their daughter Augusta a deed of the same land with the following clause: "This deed is made to perfect the title in Augusta Hilton, as it appears that the deed made by above grantors dated 26 October, 1861, through which title to said lands vested in her, has not been recorded and has been mislaid or lost;" concluding with the following clause: "To have and to hold the same to the said Augusta Hilton, her heirs and assigns forever," with a short covenant of warranty and of seizin.
5. On August 25, 1871, George L. Hilton, having attained his majority, Augusta Hilton conveyed to him in fee an undivided one-third part of all said lands with the usual covenants of warranty. It seems, too, that on the same day Augusta Hilton also conveyed to her brother George the remaining undivided two-thirds of the property, in trust for his two brothers. This deed, however, does not appear in the

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Statement of the Case.
record of this case, and is immaterial so far as the undivided one-third in controversy is concerned.
6. On September 11, 1872, said George L. Hilton conveyed an undivided one-third of 180 acres of said lands in fee by deed to Smith B. Galey, for a consideration of $3500, and on September 16, 1872, by a second deed to Galey, for a consideration of $5000, his entire interest in all the lands.
7. On September 18, 1873, the said Galey, together with said George L. Hilton, conveyed to William C. Lincoln an undivided one-third of the same lands, with a covenant against their own acts. The other defendants took their titles from Lincoln.
There were allegations in the bill that these conveyances from George H. Hilton to Galey, and from Galey to Lincoln, were for an inadequate consideration, and were procured by fraud, and that Lincoln's title was defective, unauthorized, illegal, and void.
On December 13, 1873, a petition was filed in the District Court of the county of Lancaster by William C. Lincoln, as plaintiff, against ames F. Hilton, Joseph B. Hilton, infants under the age of 21 years; George H. Hilton,the appellant's intestate; Alice B. Ducharme: Augusta Hilton, George L. Hilton, and Nora M. Lincoln, setting forth that the plaintiff held in trust for-James F. and Joseph B. Hilton, the two infants, a two-thirds interest in the lands in question; that the lands were wild and uncultivated, yielding no revenue; that the infants had no other property ; that the unpaid taxes amounted to over $1500; that, owing to the mismanagement of John Hilton, the financial embarrassment of George H. Hilton, and to several unlawful conveyances of such lands, they became the subject of long and expensive litigation, and the plaintiff was obliged to expend large sums of money in maintaining therights of said infants; that although the various conveyances of the property terminating in the deed to himself, conveyed the legal title, it had been questioned whether it was not*necessary to have a decree of the court, confirming the equitable titler in the plaintiff, that he might be able to procure the full value of the lands in case the court should deem it best to dis-

HILTON'S ADMINISTRATOR v. JONES.
Counsel for Appellant.
pose of the same. The plaintiff further alleged that he was the owner in fee of the remainingone-third of the land above described ; that it would be necessary to sell or mortgage onehalf of the lands to pay off the indebtedness and to provide a sufficient revenue for the support of the infants, and that he was willing to join in a deed or mortgage for the purpose of paying off the debts. He, therefore, asked for a decree authorizing him to sell or mortgage one-half of the lands, and: to declare the, equitable, as well as the legal, title to be in the plaintiff, as trustee for said infants.
To this petition was annexed as an exhibit a supplementary petition, signed by the appellant's intestate, George R. Hilton, his three sons and three daughters, certifying to the integrity, fidelity, and financial ability of the petitioner, William C. Lin. coln, husband of one of the daughters, and praying the court to appoint him trustee for the two minor sons, under the original trust deed from George H1. Hilton to his brother, John Hilton, with power to sell and mortgage the premises, etc. A summons was issued upon this complaint, which was served upon the defendants, with the exception of George H. Hiltn, Alice B. Ducharme, and Augusta Hilton, and on January 21, 1874, the defendants George II. Hilton, Alice B. Ducharme, Augusta Hilton, and Nora M. Lincoln, by their attorney, Seth Robinson, entered a disclaimer of all right, title, or interost in the lands described in the petition. Upon the same day a decree was entered, reciting the appearance of the parties, the filing of the disclaimer, finding that the plaintiff held the legal title to an undivided two-thirds in trust for the infants, and that he was the owner in fee of the other undivided one-third of the same, atid authorizing the sale of one-half of the property described.
This decree was never appealed from, and no attempt was ever made to impeach it.
Upon the hearing of the case upon pleadings and proofs, the bill was dismissed, and complainant appealed to this court.
Mr, S. S. Gregory, Mr. William ff. Booth, and Mr. James S. Harlanfor appellant.

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
Mr. -V. S. Harwood,Mr. John H. Ames, and Mr. Charles 0. Whedon for appellees.
MR. JUSTIcE BROWN, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
This bill was brought by the original owner of the land, George H. Hilton, against John Hilton, his trustee; Alice B. Ducharme, the grantee of John Hilton; Augusta Hilton, grantee of her sister Alice; Smith B. Galey, grantee of George L. Hilton, one 6f the cestui que trusts, to whom his sister Augusta had conveyed the land upon his attaining his majority; William C. Lincoln, grantee of Galey, and certain other parties who derive their title either as grantees or mortgagees of the undivided one-third interest conveyed by George L. Hilton to Galey and Lincoln. The bill deals particularly with the third interest conveyed to John Hilton for the benefit of George L. Hilton, who died September 16, 1877. Complainant now claims his interest either by descent, or, if his intestate's son was only seized of a life estate, then as owner of the reversion.
We think it entirely clear that the proceeding taken by Lincoln to obtain a sale of one-half the property operates to estop the complainant from maintaining this suit. The petition in that case stated that Lincoln, the plaintiff, held twothirds of the property in trust for James F. and Joseph B. Hilton, and the. remaining one-third he claimed to own in fee. In accordance with these allegations the District Court found that he did hold the two-thirds in trust for the infants, and that he was the owner in fee of the other undivided one-third, and authorized him to sell one-half of the entire property. This decree contains every element of a res judicata. The plaintiff in that proceeding is one of the defendants in this. George H. Hilton, the original complainant in this proceeding, was one of the defendants in that. He certified to the ability and integrity of Lincoln, disclaimed all interest in the property, allowed the decree to be taken against him, and took no steps to have it set aside, appealed, or modified.

HILTON'S ADMINISTRATOR v. JONES.
Opinion of the Court.
The principal criticism of it is that Robinson was not the authorized attorney of the defendant in that case, and that his disclaimer of any interest of the complainant in the lands described in the petition was, therefore, not binding upon him. There is no evidence of this, however, except the unsworn statement of the complainant in his amended bill, which is not even signed by him in person. Of course this cannot be considered as against the decree of the District Court, which must necessarily have found that Robinson was authorized to make the disclaimer. There was certainly evidence from which the court might reasonably haveadjudged, as it did, that Lincoln was the owner of an undivided onethird of the property in question. -Not only does a statute of the State declare that "the term ' heirs? or other technical words of inheritance shall not be necessary to create or convey an estate in fee simple," and that "every conveyance of real estate shall convey all the interest of the grantor therein, unless a contrary intent can be reasonably inferred from the terms used," but on May 18, 1866, George H. Hilton and his wife conveyed the lands in question to Augusta Hilton, who then held the title from her sister Alice, with the declaration that the deed was made to perfect the title in Augusta, "as it appears that the deed made to above grantors dated 26th October, 1861, through which the said land vested in her has not been recorded and has been mislaid or lost." Without expressing an opinion whether Lincoln did in fact hold the title to one-third, there was certainly evidence tending to show that the court might have made in perfect good faith the finding that it did.
In addition to this we have the opinion of the 'Supreme. Court of Nebraska in a case brought by Hilton against one Bachman, (24 Nebraska, 490,) holding that complainant was bound by that judgment. In delivering the opinion the court observed: "All presumptions are in favor of the regularity of that proceeding. We must presume that the District Court which rendered the decree did so upon ample proofs of title, and that the decree being still in full. force is binding, and settles the question of, title."

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
The decree of the court below was clearly correct and is, therefore,
Afirmed.
CLUNE v. UNITED STATES.
ERROR TO THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT O CALIFORNIA.
No. 517. Argued October 80, 1895. - Decided November 18, 1895.
It is doubtful whether the record and bill of exceptions present for review the matters complained of in the brief of counsel.
On the trial of parties charged with the criminal offence of conspiring to stop the mails, contemporary telegrams from different parts of the country, announcing the' stoppage of mail trains, are admissible in evidence against the defendants if identified and brought home to them.
So, too, the acts and declarations of persons not parties to the record are in such case admissible against the defendants if it appears that they were made in carrying the conspiracy into effect, or attempting to carry it into effect.
Instructions of the court below, to become part of the record, must be incorporated in a bill of exceptions, and be authenticated by the signature of the trial judge.
It is within the power of Congress to provide, for persons convicted of conspiracy to do a criminal act, a punishment more severe than that Drovided for persons committing. such act.
THE case is stated in the opinion.
Mr. Robert Christy for plaintiff in error. Mr. JOhnstone Jones, Mr. W. T. Williams, and Mr. George M. lolton filed a brief for same.
Mr. Attorney General for defendants in error.
MR. JUSTICE BREWER delivered the opinion of the court.
On July 3, 1894, the plaintiffs in error, together-with one A. T. Johnson, were indicted under section 5440, Rev. Stat., in the District Court for the Southern District of California, for a conspiracy to obstruct the passage of the United States

[cINTIRE v. MoINTIRE.
Syllabus.
failed to maintain their action for the wood cut by themselves.
They do. not occupy any more advantageous position in regard to the wood purchased by them from those who had with their knowledge cut it from the lands of the* United States. Plaintiffs had the same rights only as the personsfrom whom they purchased, and could maintain no action which they could not maintain. Woodenr Ware Co. v. United States, 106 U. S. 432, 435.
The persons from whom the plaintiffs purchased cut the timber under the same circumstances as the plaintiffs cut that which they claim, and such persons had the same rights that the plaintiffs had, and no more.
The court should have charged the jury as requested, both in regard to the rights of the plaintiffs at the time of the fire in and to the wood cut by them, and also as to their rights in and to the wood purchased by them from others.
The judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is reversed; the judgment of the Circuit Court is
R eversed, and the cause -emanded with instructions to grant a new trial.
cINTIRE v. McINTIRE.
ERROR TO TIE SUPREME COURT OF THE DISTRIOT. OF COLUMBIA.
No. 142. Argued March 13, 1896. -Decided April 13,1896.
On the trial of this case in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, that court, after examination of the facts, held that: "(1) Where a will relates only to personalty, and is in the handwriting of the testator and signed by him, no other formality is required to render it valid" in the District; and that "1(2) Immaterial alterations in a will, though made after the testator's death by one of the beneficiaries under it, will not invalidate it" in the courts of the District, "when not fraudulently made." This court, after passi'ng upon the facts in detail, arrives at substantially the same conclusions touching theln as did the Supreme Court of the District, and affirms its judgmient.

OCTOBER TERIM, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
THE facts and the case are stated in the opinion of the court.
-Mr. IFilliamn G. ohnson and Mr. Calderon Carlisle for plaintiff in error. Mr. Jeremiah 31. Wilson was on their brief.
Ji'. EInoch Totten for defendants in error.
Mn. JUSTICE WiTE delivered the opinion of the court.
The question for our determination is whether the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, at a general term thereof, erred in affirming the action of a special term of the court, sitting as a Circuit Court, in peremptorily instructing a jury to find certain issues in a will contest favorably to the defendants. The contest in question was begun by Charles MKcIntire in the probate branch of the court, for the purpose of annulling the probate of a certain alleged last will and testament of -his elder brother, David 'Mclntire. The original contestant having-died intestate pending the action, he was succeeded, as a party plaintiff, by his son, his duly qualified administrator, who was also, in his individual capacity, a legatee under the probated will.
Issues were framed in the probate branch and certified to the Circuit Court to be determined by a jury. The opinion of the general term is reported in 19 Dist. Col. 482.
The following facts were established, and are necessary to be stated for a proper understanding of the case:
David McIntire resided in Washington from above 1866 until his death, at the age of seventy-two years, on April 1, 1884. lie never married, and left an estate consisting of personal property exceeding fifty thousand dollars in value, and the following collateral kindred: Charles McIntire, a younger brother, and his son Charles cl-M~ntire, Jr.; Edwin A. McIntire, Martha McIntire, Elizabeth ALvT. est, Emma T. McIntire and Adaline McIntire, children of a predeceased elder brother Edwin T. McIntire; and also the following grandnieces and

McINTIRE v. XcINTIRE. Opinion of the Court.

grandnephews: Annie Laura McIntire, wife of William, T. Galliher, Emma V., William E. and Henry N. McIntire, children of Henry McIntire, a deceased son of the testator's elder brother Edwin T. McIntire. For several years immediately prior to his death David McIntire lived at the home of William T. Galliher, husband of his grandniece Annie Laura.
Four or five hours after the death of David McIntire an examination was made by his nephew, Edwin A. McIntire, and by Mr. Galliher and his wife, and her sister Emma. V. McIntire, of a chest which had belonged to decedent, and in a tin case therein were found two separate writings, which were read and examined by each one present. On April 8, 1884, these documents, pasted together, were proved, in the probate 'branch of the Supreme Court of the District, as the last will and testament of Mr. McIntire, by the joint affidavit of the four persons above named, who, as above stated, first inspected the writings after the death of the testator. The demuments were admitted to probate on April 12, 1884, and letters
of administration issued to E. A. McIntire. As probated, the writing read as follows:

"January 7th, 1880. "This my last will and Testament. I David McIntire, Tin

Plate Worker, of this city.(of) Do will Bequeath or Devise to

my Nephews and Nieces That is to say, From July the first

1st eighteen hundred and fifty-four (1854) To the opening'of,

or reading of this Paper, One thousand three hundred and

fifty dollars and sixty-four cents (1350.64) is- to be calculated

at Six 6 per cent interest That amount whatever it may be is

to be. given to each of my Brother Edwin's children. The re-

mainder if any,is to be equally divided Betyveen my Brothers

Edwin and Charles children. (Endorsed on back:.)

"DAVID MOINTIRE. (Seal.)"

"The Judges of the Courts,, lay it down as a #rulein law, that,, what a person leaves in his, handwriting, with his name attached, is his, Will, and it is the law. The law, requires no
voL cLxn-25

OCTOBER TERMK, 1895.

Opinion of the Court.

particular formality in action, or words to constitute a valid

will or request.

DAVID MCIN'IRE."

"January 1, 1880.
"At my death, or after i wish my body to be taken to Philadelphia, and deposited in the 'Macphelah Cemetery' VTault with the cover unscrued and remain in that condition
until friends or relatives are satisfied, and then deposited in the lot with the other graves. And providing 'Macphelah Cemetery' should be sold and a disposition of those made in the family lot, by the family, then the instruction as stated above is to follow that disposition.
"1DAVID MCOINTYRE or TIRE."

"To provide for the demise when it should come, to the great

proprietor of all. My clothing is to go to those that they fit.

If there is more than one, a rough estimate is to be made

and divided so recipients may have a -word and be satisfied

nephews first, - I do not leave them as a legacy they must

take them as their own. To avoid trouble, i. e. not of any

account whatever, To those that i appoint to settle see that

those things are carried out.

D. McINT."

"You must act understandingly there will be no money in

bank.

"If the articles are worth having. To give satisfaction to

all interested. Provided the surroundings should be disturbed.

That is the names i have written down with the articles at-

tached to them. It is my intention that they take them as

their own.

DAVID IVCINTIRE."

"To Lizzy M'Intire Test as she is raising more boys. Hence my Chest with all my clothing or wearing apparel, coat vest, pants, shirts, drawers, socks etc. The large double shawl the vegtable studs goes with the shirts. The sewing apparatus. The 5 glass stopper vials.
"To Emma V. the writing desk with all the writing apparatus pens ink, paper, envelopes, pencils. The cotton mufler, red silk handkerchief and gold studs.

fcITIRE v. XcINTIRE.
Opinion of the Court.
"To Chas. JIvntire Jr. The telescope-gun and one pocket knife, Webster's Dictionary and Pocket-Book.
"The linen Pocket handkerchief to Normy "The sachel & strap, Martha, addyline, Emma."
It will subserve clearness of statement to mention here that the sum specifically given, by the writing dated January 7, 1880, to the children of testator's brother Edwin equalled an indebtedness owing to the testator by his younger brother Charles.
In February, 1885, a suit was filed on the equity side of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, on behalf of Charles McIntire, Jr., and Mrs. Galliher and her sisters and brothers, all claiming as legatees under the probated will, seeking the appointment of a receiver to take possession of the estate in question until the appointment of a new administrator, it being alleged that Edwin A. McIntire had been guilty of fraudulent and deceptive practices, that his bond was insufficient, and that the estate was not safe in his hands. An amicable settlement of this suit was had.
Shortly after the adjustment of this suit, on June 5, 1885, these contest. proceedings, heretofore referred to as begun by Charles McIntire, were instituted in the probate branch.
The amended petition of Charles McIntire contained the following allegation with reference to the alleged invalidity of the will in question:
"Petitioner further says, upon information and belief, that the said paper-writing, bearing date January 7, 1880, was not executed by the said David McIntire, or, if so executed, that he was not at that time of sound mind nor conscious of the contents of the same, nor that he executed the same freely and voluntarily, nor that the same is his final and complete last will; and he is advised apd believes that the said paper-writings purporting to be the last will and testament of the said David McIntire have been fraudulently altered by the said Edwin A. McIntire with the intent and effect thereby to cheat and defraud the next of kin of said decedent."
Answers were filed oi behalf of Edwin A. McIntire, his

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
sisters, and their mother, (as assignee of her daughter Adaline, who died in July, 1885,) and the issues certified to the circuit court branch to be determined by a jury were as follows:
"1. Was the paper-writing, as now probated and now bearing date January 7, 1880, purporting to be the last will and testament of said David McIntire, deceased, executed by said David McIntire in due form as required by law?
"2. Was the said David McIntire at the time of the alleged execution of the said paper-writing, as now probated and now bearing date January 7, 1880, of sound and disposing mind and capable of makifig a valid deed or contract?
"3. Were the contents of the said. paper-writing, as now probated and now bearing date January 7, 1880, read to or by the said David McIntire or otherwise made known to him at or before the execution thereof ? "
"4. Was the said paper-writing, as now probated and now bearing date January 7, 1880, executed by the said David Mclntire under the undue influence or by the fraud of any person or persons?
" 5. Is the said paper-writing, as now probated and now bearing date January 7, 1880, the complete and final last will and testament of the said David Mclntire?
"6. EHas the said paper-writing, purporting to be the last will and testament of the said David McIntire, deceased, probated on the 8th day of April, 1884, or any part thereof, been fraudulently altered since the death of the said David McIntire, and before the probate thereof, by any person or persons to the prejudice of any of the next of kin or heirs-atlaw of said David McIntire?
"7. Has the said instrument purporting to be the last will and testament of said David McIntire, deceased, been in any respect altered since the death of said David McIntire, and, if any such alterations have been made, what were the said alterations and how were they made? Were such alterations made by any party interested under said will or with the privity of any party interested under said will?
"8. Has the said instrument purporting to be the last will and testament of said David McIntire, deceased, or any part thereof been revoked?"

fcITNTIRE v. McINTIRE.
Opinion of the Court.
Two trials of these issues were had. On the first the findings of the jury were set aside. On the second trial (June, 1889) the court instructed the jury to find all the issues favorably to the defendants, which was done, and the general term overruled a motion for a new trial.
With this preliminary statement, we come to the consideration of the question whether the trial court rightly instructed the jury to return a verdict in favor of the defendants. In the proceedings before the jury no attempt was made to establish that the testator had ever been of unsound mind, or that the execution of the testamentary writings in question were the re'sult of the exercise upon him of any undue influence: hence the second and fourth issues were properly determined. So, also, the evidence all tended to show that the writings in question were the same docaments which were found in the tin case belonging to the deceased, and that the contents were in his handwriting, except in so far as the questions of alteration or suppression are concerned, which we shall hereafter consider.
To the extent, therefore, of these facts' the instructions given by the trial court were also undoubtedly correct.
The real controversy is, whether there was proof supporting the claim that material alterations had been made in the will after the death of the testator and before its probate, and also whether there was proof sustaining the charge that a material part thereof had been suppressed. The conflicting contentions of the parties on this subject are as follows: The contestant asserts that evidence was introduced tending to show that the will proper, when it was first taken by Edwin A. McIntire into his possession, was dated January 1, 1880, whereas as probated it reads January 7,1880; that the date of the second paper or codicil had been altered from January 1, 1884, so as to read January, 1,. 1880; that the words "of the city of" in the will proper had been altered by Edwin A. 'McIntire, or by his procurement, so as to read "of this city;" that the second writing or codicil which disposed of the wearing apparel; was originally a full, double sheet of legal cap paper, but that one of the folds; that is, one fourth of a half

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Opinion of the Couit.
sheet, which had upon it matter written by the testator, had been torn off after it had been taken into E. A. McIntire's possession and before the writing was probated; that the proof showed that this was done with the connivance of the defendants. The defendants, on the other hand, assert that the clear preponderance of proof established that the will as probated was in the condition in which it was found after the death of the testator. Both parties, besides the direct evidence by them offered, introduced much indirect testimony to sustain their respective positions. Thus the contestant sought to corroborate his theory that the will had been materially altered by testimony going to show that subsequent to January 1, 1880, the testator had become unfriendly to the contestees who are named in the alleged writing, and had presumably altered the will which he had previously written in their favor. On the other hand, the defendants assert that their contention is fortified by evidence tending to show that prior and subsequent to the 1st of January, 1880, the testator was greatly incensed at his brother Charles because of the existence of a long outstanding indebtedness due him by Charles, which has been heretofore referred to, and therefore had reason not to make a will in his favor. In addition, the contestant, in order to sustain the alleged proof of material alterations and suppression, offered much evidence, which was excluded, which, it was claimed, if it had been admitted, would have tended to show that Edwin A. McIntire, with the approval of the other defendants, made false representations to the probate judge in procuring the grant of letters of administration and in fixing the amount of the bond to be by him given in that capacity; that deceptive practices were resorted to to prevent the testator's brother Charles, who resided in Pennsylvania, from seeking to qualify as administrator, 6nd that untruthful and fraudulent statements were also made by E. A. McIntire to the legatee, Charles McIntire, Jr., to his attorneys and to others as to the amount of the estate and its assets, and also- that E. A. IMcIntire concealed the possession of a large amount of assets and made a false inventory. It is manifest that the correctness of the ruling

McINTIRE v. IcINTIRE.
Opinion of the Court.
of the lower court in instructing a verdict, as well as the question whether prejudicial error resulted from the action of the court in excluding the testimony as to Mclntire's misconduct in relation to the inventory and his misrepresentations and fraudulent action as to other matters, (apart from the alleged alterations or suppression of the will,) must depend primarily on whether the direct testimony as to alterations and suppression left it uncertain whether such alterations or suppression were of a vital character. If there was not only no adequate proof to have supported a verdict resting on the fact that there had been material alterations and suppression, but, on the contrary, if there was a clear preponderance of proof the other way, it is obvious that it becomes immaterial for the purpose of ascertaining the validity of the will to determine whether or not, in other respects, MoIntire was guilty of fraud and wrongdoing.
In examining the testimony for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is any proof of material alteration and suppression, the question to be determined is, whether there wasry any proof of such alteration or suppression as would have'sustained an affirmative answer by the jury to the eighth issue. The mere fact that the proof may have established that after the death of the testator alterations were niade which did not materially change the will, and which were not of such a nature as to justify the presumption that the testator had revoked the will, in whole or in part, would not have author-ized a verdict, the result of which would have been to set aside th6 probate of the will.
We come now to determine whether there was evidence that there had been such material alterations or suppression as would have supported a verdict setting aside the will. The only witnesses testifying on this subject on behalf of the contestant -were Mr. and Mrs. Galliher and Emma V. McIntire. Before examining the testimony of these three witnesses it must be borne in mind, as already stated, that they all three read the contents of the documents in question after the death of David McIntire, when they were first taken from the receptacle in which they were found. These witnesses were pecul-

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
iarly interested in the provisions of the writings, as they naturally anticipated that the deceased would give, at least, a portion of his estate to the children of his dead nephew, with whom he had been for many years in direct contact under the same roof. Seven days following this careful reading and inspection of the papers, they stated under oath, in an affidavit, intended to be the basis for the admission of the writings to probate, that "these papers were discovered in a tin case in a chest late the property of the decedent; that they are now and have been for years past 1yell acquainted with the handwriting of the deceased, and they believe the entire writing and signatures are in his handwriting." After the will had been admitted to probate and the administrator appointed, in February, 1885, in the petition filed in the equity suit, supported by the affidavits of these witnesses, they treated the writings in question as a valid will of David McIntire, and asserted rights under it. The testimony given by these witnesses as to the alterations in the will is as follows:
Mrs. Galliher testified that she read over the papers when they were found, and that the one dated January 1, 1880, originally bore the date January 1, 1884, while the one now dated January 7, 1880, originally read January 1, 1880, and the latter paper had on it the words "of the city of," instead of the words, as now, "of this city;" that the document was written on a new, full length sheet of paper, one eighth of which is now missing, and "looked as if it had been just written, folded and put in the chest." The two papers were disjoined. The next she saw of the papers, after Edwin A. McIntire retained possession of them, was in the probate court, on April 8, 1884, when she deposed to their genuineness. She said she then noticed the change in the date, and the alteration of the words "of the city of," and called the attention of her uncle (E. A. MlcIntire) thereto, who replied that he thought it better to have them both one date, and that he altered the will to read "of this city," "because otherwise he would have to take it to Philadelphia to probate it, and he could not give bond there." Mrs. Galliher further testified that she did not think she noticed at that time that a part of the will had been

fcINTIRE v. MoINTIRE.
Opinion of the Court.
torn off. She was asked the question, "At the time of signing this affidavit did you know that those papers had been altered and mutilated?" and answered, "Yes, sir; but, as I said, Mr. McIntire told me that that made no difference. I had perfect confidence in him; he was a lawyer, and I knew nothing about it; he was my uncle, and I thought I could trust him."
The witness also testified that she remembered particularly that upon the paper originally dated 1884 there was contained a bequest of the testator's glasses to those who would take them or have them. She was asked, "Did you know whether there was any other writing on the papers?" and answered, "That I don't remember."
On cross-examination, in answer to the question how she came to-make the examination of the papers which resulted in discovering that a portion of one paper had been torn off, the witness answered that it was indirectly caused'by receiving an intimation from her uncle Edwin A. McIntire that her brothers, sister and herself would not be beneficiaries under the will, and that on such second examination she discovered that there had been slight alterations in two letters "of" that she had not noticed on the day the will was probated, and she also then noticed that a fold of the second paper was torn off, because sh missed the provision about the glasses. The witness claimed that the bequest of the glasses was impressed upon her memory.because of the oddity of the expression concerning them. She also testified that she had the paper sufficiently in her mind to miss anything that was taken out of it, that had been impressed upon her memory. She was -then asked, "Now, would you say to the jury that there was no other writing on that fold that you.say was torn off ?" and answered, "That I do not remember; I can't say that there was or was not." The witness also testified that she was prejudiced against her aunts and their brother on account of an alleged conspiracy on their part to hurt her husband's good name; that the contestant came to see her about the will in February or March, 1885, at a time when she was dissatisfied, because she was not a beneficiary under

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
it. She further testified that she thought the will as probated was all right, and should stand as the last will of David McIntire, until she discovered that she was not to be benefited by it.
Mr. Galliher testified that he read and examined the papers found in the tin case; that he thought the paper now dated January 7,1880, was the same paper except as to the alterations already referred to; that the paper now dated January 1, 1880, was originally dated January 1, 1881, and that he made a copy of it on April 1, 1884:, and that he made a memorandum of the items on the other, which memorandum, however, was not exhibited. He said that at the time he signed the affidavit for probate of the writings he probably read the affidavit which he signed, but did not notice the alterations, and first learned of them from his wife upon leaving the court-room. He did not then return to examine the will, but some time after went back and looked at the papers and then discovered the changes of date and the alterations of the word "the" to "this" and the erasure of the word "of," but did not think he then noticed that a part of one sheet was gone. Subsequently, on his attention being called to the absence of the provision in reference to the glasses, he again examined the papers, and thought it was then he discovered that a portion had been torn off. He was asked, "Did you know of any other writing on those papers besides the expression about the glasses, to which you have referred, that is not there now?" and answered, "1I do not, sir." On cross-examination, the witness testified that he had a distinct and clear recollection that the codicil was a complete sheet at the time it was taken from the chest, and that it was probably within a month after the probate of the will that he had discovered that it had been mutilated. He could not, however, assign any reason why, after being informed by his wife of the alterations on leaving the court-house immediately after the probate of the will, he did not at once return, and if the fact was as claimed call the attention of the court to the matter. The witness further testified that for a good while after the probate he thought his wife was a legatee

McMLRTIE v. MoIIMTIRE.
Opinion of the Court.
under the will. He made the second examination of the will at the court-houge before the intimation from Mr. McIntire that his'wife would have no interest under the will, "so as to know of my [his] own knowledge that these corrections had been made." When asked how he happened to discover that a part of one paper was torn off, he answered, "Because it was a whole sheet at"the time I turned it over to E. A. McIntire, and this bequest was on there in regard to the glasses; that portion of the sheet had disappeared and that bequest was not on there." Despite the discovery of the alleged alterations and mutilations referred to, the witness said he did not go to see Mr. McIntire or demand from him an explanation, and did not call the attention of anybody to the subject until some six or eight months afterwards, when he spoke of it in the office of certain attorneys, on being interrogated in regard to the alterations. Prior to that, after hearing from Mr. McIntire that his wife would not share in the estate, witness consulted an intimate friend, a lawyer, but the witness said he did not think he told him that the will had been mutilated and altered.
Emma V. McIntire testified that on her inspection of the writings when they were taken from the chest on April 1, 1884, there was no paper dated January 7,1880, but that the paper now bearing such date was one of the papers found, except as to the date; also that the words "of the city of" in said paper had been altered to read "of this city." This witness also testified that she thought the second paper, now dated January 1, 1880, was one of the papers found in the chest, except that the date was January 1, 1881, when she first saw it, and that a remark to the effect that the paper was written the January previous to the death of testator was made at the time the papers were examined on April 1, 1884. She also testified that she thought the second paper was "originally a complete sheet; just the length of the other one." She remembered having heard the paper read, and that there was some remark in it about glasses. She further testified that both papers were read aloud, and that then each one took them and read them severally, and that they all

OCTOBER TERM, .1895.
Opinion of the Court.
supposed that she and her sister and brothers were entitled to the share in their Uncle David's estate which would have come to their father had he lived. The witness also swore that she did not discover the alterations when she verified the affidavit in the probate court, wherein she averred the authenticity of the documients, though she read the papers carefully at the time she made the affidavit, which latter statement, however, was subsequently qualified on cross-examination by the statement that perhaps she had not read them as carefully as she ought to have done. She further stated that she did not notice the alterations until her sister called her attention to them.
The foregoing condensed summary is substantially all the testimony given by Mr. and Mrs. Galliher and Emma V. McIntire, bearing upon the question of the alleged material alterations and suppression of the documents constituting the probated will. As already stated, these witnesses were the only ones who testified on this subject on behalf of contestant, and upon their testimony the case necessarily depends. If we leave entirely out of view the evidence of the defendants to the effect that the papers constituting the will as pfobated were precisely in the condition they were when taken from the tin case, we do not think a jury could have properly inferred from this testimony that in the alleged missing portion of the will there existed provisions so in conflict or inconsistent with the probated will as to have operated to materially alter or revoke it. That the actual alterations to which the witnesses testify in no way materially modified or abriogated the will, is too clear for discussion. The whole case, hence, depends upon the assertion that there was sufficient evidence to have authorized the jury to find that there was a material mutilation or suppression. But none of the three witnesses testified -granting their testimony as to the mutilation to have been true -that the part torn off contained anything but the reference to the glasses of the testator. ,It' is urged, however, that whilst they recollected that the torn 'off part had in it the memoranda as to the glasses, they did not remember whether it embraced anything else, and, therefore,

XIINTIRE v. McINTIRE.
Opinion of the Cburt.
non constat, that it might not have contained other things, and thus would have justified the jury in drawing the presumption of a fraudulent suppression of provisions which, if known, might have revoked or modified the will. But this contention entirely obscures the difference between the failure of a witness to recollect a fact, which from th6 nature and extent of his knowledge he must necessarily have recalled if it existed, hence giving rise to the implication that, where it is not remembered it did not exist, and the contrary case, where from the position and means of knowledge of a witness his failure to remember justifies no such deduction. The failure of these witnesses to remember comes clearly under the first of these categories. They were willing and friendly witnesses for the contestant, manifestly desirous of stating everything favorable to his claims. They examined the will immediately after the death ; they then not only heard it read aloud, but also read it themselves; they then thought that they were interested in it as legatees. If any provision had existed revoking the will, or materially changing its provisions, such fact would in the very nature of things have been impressed upon their minds above and beyond everything else. When, therefore, after swearing to the validity and completeness of the will for the purpose of probate, after asserting rights under it in the equity suit filed against the administrator, they subsequently declared that they did not recollect whether there had been any material alteration or suppression. their want of memory necessarily negatives the presumption which might otherwise result from their testimony, if their sources of information and relation to the will had not been of the kind just mentioned. This is particularly the case as to the testimony of Mr. Galliher. He not only examined and read the will after the death, not only testified as to its completeness when it was probated, but actually made a complete copy of the will proper, and a memorandum of the items on the other paper or codicil at the time when it was examined and before it was turned over to E. A. McIntire to be probated. The context of his -testimony indicates that, before he testified at the trial, lie refreshed his memory by reference

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
to the contemporaneous copy and memoranda. It follows, therefore, when in answer to the point blank question, "Did you know of any othef writing on those papers besides the expression about the glasses to which you have referred that is not there now?" he said, "I do not know, sir," that he negatived the possibility of there having been such material alterations, because his means of knowledge were such that he must necessarily have known of the fact had it existed. Indeed, we can see no reason to doubt that if the issue presented had been probate vel non that the testimony introduced by the contestant here would have justified the admission of the documents to probate, that is, after eliminating the immaterial alterations which the testimony of the contestant asserts to have been made. This being true, it follows that the testimony which would have been adequate to probate the will cannot, at the same time; be sufficient to destroy the probate and annul the will.
The case of Jones v. .urphy, 8 Watts & Serg. 275, relied upon by the plaintiff in error, is not in point. In that case the existence of a second will was proved, which the evidence tended to show had been destroyed by interested. parties, but there was an absence of direct evidence of the contents of the missing paper. Evidence was introduced, however, justifying the inference that the testator might have designed an alteration of the provisions of the earlier will in favor of a daughter, from whom he was estranged when the first will was executed, but who subsequently became reconciled to her father. The court held that where a fraudulent suppression was proved and in addition, other circumstances, such as a motive for a material change in a former will, the jury, in the absence of evidence as to the contents of the later testamentary writing, might presume that it contained a clause revoking the prior will. Here, however, we have two documents, the will proper, evidently deliberately and carefully written, and another instrument having the effect of a codicil, both being sedulously preserved by the testator. It is an asserted change or suppression in the latter instrument which, it" is contended, would have justiied the jury in finding the will to have been revoked,

PALMER v. BARRETT.
Statement of the Case.
although the testimony affirmatively established that even if the suppression asserted existed, it contained no provision revoking the will. The necessary effect of the action of the trial judge in directing findings favorable to the contestees was to hold that the contestant was not entitled to relief. In this conclusion we concur; although the negative answers given to the fifth and seventh questions are not literally'accurate, in the light of the evidence as to the immaterial alterations offered on behalf of the contestants. The judgment is, therefore,
Afirmed.
PALMER v. BARRETT"
ERROR TO THE CITY COURT OF BROOKLYN, NEW YORK.
No. 194. Submitted Mlarch S1, 1896. -Decided April 18, 1896.
In view of the reservation of jurisdiction made by the State of New York in the act of June' 17, 1853, c. 355, ceding to the United States jurisdiction over certain lands adjacent to the navy yard and hospital in Brooklyn, the exclusive authority of the United States over the land .covered by the lease, the ouster from possession under which is the subject of controversy In this action, was suspended while the lease remained in force.
Tis was a writ of error to the city.court of Brooklyn, an inferior court of the State of New York. The action was brought to recover damages for an alleged unlawful ouster of the plaintiff from the possession of two market stands in the Wallabout market in the city of Brooklyn, and to recover damages for the conversion of certain described personal property which was a part of said stands. Defendant Palmer answered by a general denial, while the defendant Droste, in addition to specific denials, alleged in substance that he lawfully acquired the premises in controversy by a lease from Palmer, his co-defendant, and a lessee of the city of Brooklyn.
It appeared from the proof that the stands in question were erected upon ground, part of lands acquired by the govern-

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Syllabus.
deemed the evidence competent. Moreover, in the charge, the judge instructed the jury that they had a right to take into consideration the facts that had gone to them for the purpose of showing who Kemp was and where he came from, and as there was no other evidence on this topic than that of le Flore, it is plain that the judge submitted to the jury the evidence of le Flore, as to the statements, as competent. To this portion of the charge the defendant excepted before the jury retired and in their presence. It is, indeed, now contended that the exception was too indefinite; but we think that the exception was sufficient to enable the trial court to perceive the particular matter objected to.
We think, therefore, that the court erred in instructing the jury that they had.a right to find that the deceased was not a member of the Choctaw Nation from the mere fact that he was a negro, and also in admitting evidence of the statements of the deceased and in instructing the jury that such statements were competent evidence as to his citizenship.
The judgment i8 revereed, and the ca8e remanded with in 8tructn8 to 8et a8ue ttveerdict and grant a new trial.
BROWN v. WYGANT AND LEEDS.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Ho. 209. Submitted April 2, S96.-Decided May 25,1896.
R. obtained a judgment against B. on the law side of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. Shortly after he assigned the judgment to S. W, who subsequently became bankrupt, and as such surrendered all his property, Including said judgment. G. was duly made his assignee. S. W. died and G. W. was made his executrix. The death of S. W. being suggested on the record, a writ of scire facias was issued to revive the judgment, and on return of nihil a second writ was Issued on which a like return was made. When these proceedings came to the knowledge of B. he filed a bill to set them aside. A demurrer being sustained on the ground that the assignee was not a party the assignee was summoned In; and, upon his death, his successor was made a party on his

BROWN v. WYGANT AND LEEDS.
Statement of the Case.
own motion. After issues were made by the pleadings, the suit proceeded to a final decree in the Supreme Court of the District, from which an appeal was taken to the Court of Appeals. The latter court reversed the judgment of the court below. On appeal to this court it is Held, (1) That the proceedings to revive the judgment were regular; (2) That as the assignee was a party to the proceedings, with his official
rights protected, the judgment debtor could not set up that it was not competent for G. W. to originate the proceedings; (3) That no substantial reason was shown why B. should be relieved from the judgment.
Ow June 22, 1887, Joseph M. Brown, a citizen of the United States, residing in the District of Columbia, filed in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia a bill in equity against Grace Wygant, executrix of Stephen I. Wygant, deceased, a resident of the State of New Jersey, seeking to enjoin the collection of a judgment of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia in favor of the said Grace Wygant, executrix, against the said Joseph M. Brown, dated March 3, 1886.
The bill alleged that on the 9th day of February, 1874, one Thomas L. Raymond obtained a judgment against the complainant Brown, on the law side of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, for the sum of $5000; that on May 14, 1874, said Raymond assigned said judgment upon the records of the court to Stephen I. Wygant, the testator of said Grace Wygant; that on February 23, 1878, the said Stephen I. Wygant was adjudged a bankrupt by the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York, and on that day duly surrendered all his property, including said judgment for $5000 ; that on March. 20, 1878, one Henry T. Godet was appointed assignee in bankruptcy; that said judgment for $5000 was in terms included in the schedule of assets filed by Stephen I. Wygant; that claims aggregating more than $12,000 were proven in said bankruptcy proceedings; that the said judgment for $5000 was the principal asset, and that the aggregate value of the assets was much less than the claims; that the estate of said bankrupt had never been settled, and that the said judgment for $5000 still belonged to Henry T. Godet, as assignee; that the defendant, Grace Wygant, had full knowledge of the bankruptcy pro.

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Statement of the Case.
ceedings, and relying upon complainant's ignorance thereof and for the purpose of harassing him, on January 12, 1886, applied for and procured letters testamentary from the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia on the estate of Stephen I. Wygant, then deceased; that said Grace Wygant, after receiving such letters testamentary, and on February 1, 1886, caused the clerk of said Supreme Court of the District of Columbia to enter upon the docket of said court a suggestion of the death of Stephen I. Wygant, and to issue a writ of scirefaeias to revive said judgment, and upon the return by the marshal of the District, of "1ni h il," the said Grace Vygant, on the 4th day of February, 1886, caused an alias writ of scirefactsto be issued, which writ was, on the same day, returned by the marshal endorsed " nihil ;" that the said Grace Wygant obtained, upon the issuance and return of such writs of scirefacias,a ".Rat" from the justice holding said Circuit Court of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia on the 3d day of March, 1886, for the purpose of reviving said judgment; that the complainant had no knowledge of such proceedings in the said special terms of said Supreme Court of the 'District of Columbia for probate and circuit court business until a long time after the rendition of said "fiat;" that as soon as he received notice of said proceedings he filed a motion to set them aside and for the vacating of the "fiat," but that the justice holding such Circuit Court overruled said motion, reserving to appellant his rights to proceed in equity for relief; that after the rendition of the "fiat" aforesaid, Grace Wygant, as such executrix, brought an action for the enforcement of such judgment against the complainant in the Supreme Court of the county of New York on December 28, 18S5; and thereupon the complainant prayed for both a temporary and final injunction against Grace Wygant, as such executrix, and for general relief.
A demurrer was sustained to the bill on the ground that the assignee in bankruptcy was not made a party, but leave was given to amend by making the assignee a party. On January 10, 1888, the complainant amended by adding the name of Henry T. Godet, assignee in bankruptcy of Stephen

BROWN v. WYGANT AND LEEDS.
Statement of the Case.
1. Wygant, deceased, as an additional defendant, and by filing as an exhibit the assignment conveying to Godet, assignee, the entire estate of the said bankrupt, executed March 3, 1878, by the register in bankruptcy. After a general demurrer to the bill as thus amended had been overruled, Grace Wygant, executrix, filed an answer, and issue was joined, June 26, 1888, by replication. On February 5, 1888, an injunction yendente lite was allowed as prayed in the bill. On September 11, 1888, on motion of the solicitor of the defendant, the death of Godet, assignee, was entered of record. On September 29, 1890, Henry Leeds, as successor to Godet, was, on his own petition, admitted to become a party defendant, and on November 4, 1890, Leeds, as assignee, filed his separate answer, substantially admitting the allegations of the amended bill, to which complainant filed a replication. On [November 10, 1890, leave was given defendant Leeds to file a cross-bill, which he did, alleging that he, as assignee, was entitled to the judgment, and praying that it might be decreed to be an asset of the bankrupt's estate and of full force and vigor against the complainant, and that the defendant, Grace Wygant, should be decreed to assign to him such judgment and her apparent rights thereto.
On November 25, 1890, the complainant filed an answer to the cross-bill. In this answer he denied that the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia had jurisdiction to issue the letters testamentary to the defendant, Grace Wygant; denied that the "flat" of the Circuit Court of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia was pronounced by lawful authority, and denied that the judgment in controversy was still in force - pleaded the statute of limitations. He also averred that Godet, the original assignee, had actual notice of the pendency of this suit, but had refused and declined to become a Party thereto.
On the 14th day of January, 1891, Grace Wygant, as executrix, filed an answer to the cross-bill, denying that Leeds was invested with title to the judgment as assignee, and likewise averring that since the filing of the original bill she had become the lawful assignee of all the claims of the creditors

622

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.

Opinion of the Court.

against the bankrupt's estate except one owned by the city of New York.
On February 14, 1891, the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, at special term, filed a decree dismissing the crossbill and granting a final injunction against Grace Wygaut, enjoining her as executrix from further prosecuting the judgment obtained by her against the complainant in respect to the said judgment for $5000 in the Supreme Court of the county of New York.
From this decree Grace Wygaut, executrix, and Henry .Leeds, assignee, appealed to the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia at general term, and that court, on April 4, 1892, reversed the decree of the special term, dismissed the bill of complaint of Joseph M. Brown, adjudged that the judgment in controversy was the property of Henry Leeds as assignee in bankruptcy of Stephen I. Wygant, deceased, as an asset of said estate, and decreed that said Grace Wygaut, executrix, should -convey and assign to said Henry Leeds, assignee, all her apparent rights in said judgment.
On April 16, 1892, the complainant filed a petition asking the court to vacate its said decree and to remand the cause to the special term, in order that evidence might be taken, for reasons set forth in said petition. On November 21, 1892, this motion was refused, and on December 20, 1892, an appeal was taken to this court.
.Mr. Robert Christy for appellant.

Xfr. A. A. Birney for Leeds, appellee.

MF JusTIcE SHm"S delivered the opinion of the court.

In dismissing the appellant's bill of complaint and sustaining the cross-bills the Supreme Court of the District evidently proceeded on the view that it was competent for the Circuit
Court to render judgment of "llgat exeoutio" on the return of "nihil" to two successive writs of 8oirefacias on the original judgment. That a return of two nihils is equivalent to a service has been a rule of prac.tice of long standing in England and in most of the States of this Union.

BROWN v. WYGANT AND LEEDS.
Opinion of the Court.
The writ of scirefacia8 quare executio non is defined to be a writ issued out of the court wherein a judgment has been entered, reciting such judgment, suggesting the grounds requisite to entitle plaintiff to execution, and requiring the defendant to make known the reason, if any there be, why such execution should not issue. Bingham on Executions
and Judgments, 123; Freeman bn Executions, vol. 1,  81.
"On the return day of the writ the sheriff either returns 'WCire feed,' that is, that he has warned the party, or ' nihi4' that is, that the party has nothing by which he can warn him. When the sheriff returns 'nihit' the party must sue out a second or aliaswrit of 8cire faia8,and if the sheriff returns 'nihil' also to the second writ, and the defendant do not appear, there shall be judgment against him. [In other words, two returns of 'nihil' are equivalent to one return of 'cire feci.']" Bingham on Executions and Judgments, 124; .Andrew8 v. Earper, 8 Mod. 227; Chambers v. Carson, 2 Whart. 9; Choate v. The People, 19 Illinois, 62; .Xearn8 v. The State, 3 Blackford, 334; Barrow v. Bailey, 5 Florida, 9; Cumming v. Eden, 1 Cowen, 70.
And as the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia has, in the present case, recognized the regularity of the proceedings to revive the judgment against the appellant, no reason is seen why this court should take a different view. Owens v. . nry, 161 U. S. 642, is distinguishable from this case, because there the defendant had ceased to be a resident of Pennsylvania, where the original judgment had been entered, years before the writ of 8cire facia was sued out, and had become a citizen of Louisiana, in which State the statute of limitations had run.
It is urged on behalf of the appellant that as Wygant, the original owner of the judgment, had been declared a bankrupt, and as the judgment, as an asset of his estate, had become the property of the assignee in bankruptcy, it was not competent for Grace Wygant, as his executrix, to revive the judgment by proceeding in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. A sufficient answer to this is that Brown, as the judgment debtor, was not injured, and could not have

OCTOBER TERMI, 1895.
Opinion of the Court
successfully set up that matter by plea to the 8cire facias. Thatcher v. Rockwell, 105 U. S. 461, was a case where, after suit brought, the plaintiff was adjudged to be a bankrupt, and assignees were appointed, and it was held that the bankruptcy of the plaintiff could not be set up by the defendants to bar its further prosecution in his name, this court saying: "It is no defence to the debt that the creditor has become a bankrupt; and if an assignee, after notice, permits a pending suit to proceed in the name of the bankrupt for its recovery, he is bound by any judgment that may be rendered. This is a sufficient protection for the debtor."
In the present case, Leeds, the assignee in bankruptcy; ratified the action of the executrix, by making himself a party to the proceedings and procuring a decree compelling her to transfer the judgment to him as an asset of the bankrupt's estate. By that feature of the decree Brown is protected from any danger of being compelled to pay twice.
If, then, the original judgment was regularly obtained, was duly revived by lawful proceedings, and is now made payable, by the decree of the court below, to the party legally entitled to receive the same, no reason is presented by this record why this court should disturb that decree. Equity refuses to relieve from a judgment unless substantial merits are shown.
It is true that the appellant undertook to show that he had a meritorious defence to the suit as originally brought, by certain allegations made in a petition to the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia filed after the final decree had been entered against him. We are not obliged to notice allegations made at such a late period in the proceedings not made, indeed, till the controversy had been finally closed. However, we have read this petition, and it is sufficient to say that it contains nothing which, even if true and if made to appear during the trial of the present case, would have justified any change in the decree.
The decree of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia is

BLAGGE v. BALCH.
Statement of the Case.
BLAGGE v. BALCH.
BROOKS v. CODMAN.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME JUDICIAL COURT OF THE STATE OF VASSACHUSETTS.
FOOTE v. WOMEN'S BOARD OF MISSIONS.
ERROR TO THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE COUNTY OF NEW HAVEN, STATE OF CONNECTICUT.
Nos. 177, 234, 207. Argued and submitted March 24, 25,1896. -Decided April 18, 1896.
The proviso in the act of March 3, 1891, c. 540, 26 Stat. 908, "That in all cases where the original sufferers were adjudicated bankrupts the awards shall be made on behalf of the next of kin instead of to assignees in bankruptcy, and the awards in the cases of individual claimants 8hall not be pai4 until the Court of Claims shall certify to the Secretary of the Treasury that the personal representative on whose behalf the award is made represents the next of kin, and the courts which granted the administrations, respectively, shall have certified that the legal representatives have given adequate security for the legal disbursement of the awards," purposely brought the payments thus prescribed within the category of payments by way of gratuity and grace, and not as .of right as against the government.
Congress intended the next of kin to be beneficiaries In every case; and.the express limitation to this effect excludes creditors, legatees, assignees and all strangers to the blood.
The words "next of kin," as used in the proviso, mean next of kin living at the date of the act, to be determined according to the statutes oZ distribution of the respective States of the domicil of the original suffereks.
The said act of March 3, 1891, c. 540, 26 Stat. 908, clearly Indicates the judgment of Congress that the next of kin, for the purposes of succession, should be the beneficiaries, as most in accord with the theory of the appropriations.
THESE are writs of error to review judgments of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts in Nos. 177 and 284, and a judgment of the Superior Court of the county of New Haven, Connecticut. in No. 207.
Plaintiffs in error in No. 177 are administrators de boni8 nbn

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Statement of the Case.
with the will annexed of the estate of Crowell Hatch, deceased, late of Roxbury, Massachusetts, and defendant in error is administrator de bonis nn with the will annexed of the estate of Henry Hatch, deceased.
Crowell Hatch died in the year 1805, leaving three daughters and one son, Henry Hatch. By his will, all his property was given in equal shares to the four children. Of each of the three daughters there are descendants now living. The son died leaving a widow but no issue, and left by his will the residue of his estate to his widow, who did not afterwards marry. Crowell Hatch was never bankrupt and his estate and the estates of his four children have always been and are solvent. Plaintiffs in error as administrators of the estate of Crowell Hatch have received from the United States certain moneys for the loss of the brig Mary, being one of the claims on account of the spoliations committed by the French government prior to July 31, 1801, which were reported to Congress by the Court of Claims pursuant to the statute of the United States of January 20, 1885, 23 Stat. 2S3, c. 25, and for the payment of which Congress made appropriation by the statute of March 3, 1891; 26 Stat. 862, c. 540. By.the statutes of Massachusetts irforce when Crowell Hatch died, his estate, after the payment of debts and the expenses of administration, would have been distributed, if intestate, equally among his children. Laws of Masgachusetts, Stat. 17S9, c. 2, v. 2, p. 30; Stat. 1805, c. 90, 1 and 2, v. 4, p. 337.
The probate court in and for the county of Norfolk, in which proceedings were pending, ordered a partial distribution of the fund of nine sixteenths among the descendants of the three daughters and of three sixteenths to the administrator of Henry Hatch, the son. From this order an appeal was taken to the Supreme Judicial Court, and the case reserved for the full court, by which the decree appealed from was affirmed. 157 Mass. 144.
In No. 281, William Gray, as administrator de bonis non, with the.will annexed of the estate of William Gray, who was a sufferer from the French spoliations, filed his bill in equity in the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts for instruc-

BLAGGE v. BALCH.
Statement of the Case.
tions as to the disposition of a fund which had been paid to him under the act of Congress of March 3,1891. On his death, pending the cause, Robert Codman succeeded to the administration and was substituted as, complainant. All the living legatees and next of kin and the representatives of such as were deceased were made parties defendant. The case was heard by a single judge of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts and reported by him to the ful court, which entered a final decree that the funds in the hands of the complainant should be "paid over as assets of the estate of William Gray, the elder, and as passing under his will to the residuary legatees named therein." '159 Mass. 477.
William Gray died November, 1825, leaving five sons, William R., Henry, Francis. C., John C. and Horace, and one daughter, Lucia G. Swett. He left a will by which, after a specifio legacy to the daughter and a conditional legacy to each son, he gave the residue to his five sons, excluding the daughter. The fund in question, if it falls to the estate at all, is part of the residue. William R. died in 1831;' intestate, leaving four children him surviving, one of whom died in 1880 leaving five children. In 1829 Henry assigned his interest in his father's estate to his four brothers, and died in 1854 leaving ten children. Francis C. died in 1856 and John C. in 1881, testate, but without issue. Horace died in 1873, intestate, leaving five children. In 1847 he assigned all his property under the insolvent laws of Massachusetts to Hooper, Bullard and Coffin, as assignees.for creditors, and of these assignees two survive and are parties. Mrs. Swett died in 1844. She had had four children, of whom William G. died in 1843, leaving a daughter surviving; John B. died in 1867, leaving a daughter surviving; Samuel B. died in 1890, leaving five children; and one child, Mrs. Alexander, still survives.
The representatives of the three brothers, William R.,Francis C. and John C., ajnd the assignees of Horace, contended that the fund passed by the will of William Gray, and should be paid to them in equal proportions as representing four of 'the five residuary legatees, and as being assignees of the fifth son, Henry. The individual descendants of the brothers, except

OCTOBER TER'M, 1895.
Statement of the Case.
those of Henry, made no contrary claim, and by their answers either took the same position or admitted the allegations of the bill and submitted the questions to the court.
The representatives and descendants of Henry Gray insisted that the fund did not pass under the will, but was a new and subsequent gift in favor of the next of kin of William Gray; that it should go to the nineteen grandchildren of William Gray, excluding the great grandchildren, namely, the three children of William R., who survived at the date of the act of Congress, the ten children of Henry, the five children of Horace, and Mrs. Alexander, the one surviving child of Mrs. Swett; and that they were entitled to ten nineteenths of the fund distributed per capita among the grandchildren.
The representatives and descendants of Lucia G. Swett also contended that the fund did not pass under the will and was a subsequent gift in favor of the next of kin of William Gray, but they insisted that in the distribution among the next of kin of William Gray, to be ascertained at the date of the passage of the act, the i~sue of the deceased children should take by right of representation the shares of their parents according to the statute of distributions, or that the fund should be distributed among the representatives of the next of kin to be ascertained at the death of William Gray, the elder. Distributed per stirpes, they claimed for the children and grandchildren of Mrs. Swett one fourth of the fund, one sixteenth to Mrs. Alexander, one sixteenth to the daughter of William G., one sixteenth to the daughter of John B. and one eightieth to each of the five children of Samuel B., making another sixteenth; or that, taking the distribution as of the date of the death of William Gray, the administrator of the estate of Mrs. Swett was entitled to one sixth part of the fund as the representative of one of the six children of William Gray, surviving him.
In No. 207 the facts appeared to be these: In 1797 the firm of Leffingwell and Pierrepont owned a ship and cargo which were seized by a French privateer in June of that year and became the subject of a French spoliation claim. William Leffingwell, the senior partner, lived in New Haven, Connecti-

BLAGGE v. BALCH.
Statement of the Case.
cut, and died testate in 1834. His estate was finally settled in 1844, and no mention of his interest in this claim was made in his will or in the distribution of his estate. The surviving partner lived in New York and died testate in 1878. His executor presented the claim to the Court of Claims in 1886, and a favorable -decision was secured in 1888, and an appropriation made by the act of March 3, 1891. In 1886, administration de bonis non on the estate of William Leffingwell was taken out by Oliver S. White in the probate court. for the district of New Haven, Connecticut, and the administrator has received from the representatives of the surviving partner. half the net proceeds of the award. The probate court, in settling the question of the administration de bonis non, treated the fund as part of the residuary estate of the testator, and ordered its distribution to the residuary legatees under his will and their representatives or successors. An appeal was taken to the Superior Court, which, in conformity to the advice of the Supreme Court of Errors, 62 Connecticut, 34:7, affirmed the decree of the court of probate.
William Leffingwell left as his next of kin him surviving the four children named in his will, Mrs. Street, Mrs. Williams, Lucius W., Edward H., and the children of his deceased sbn William C. Mrs. Street died testate and solvent in 1878; Mrs. Williams and Edward H. died testate and without issue; and the next of kin of William Leffingwell living on March 3,-1891, were, as was agreed, according to the statute of distributions of Connecticut, (1) plaintiffs in error, the grandchildren of Mrs. Street; (2) six children of Lucius W., a grandson of Lucius W., and the widow of. a deceased son of Lucius W.; (3) a son of William C. and three grandchildren of said William C. The probate decree ordered the fund dist'muted among the five residuary legatees named in the will of William, "one fifth thereof to the executors or administrators of Caroline Street, a daughter of said. deceased." If this one fifth were considered as general assets of Mrs. Street's estate, it went to the residuary legatee under her will, the Women's Board of Missions, otherwise itb.elonged-to plaintiffs in error as throughi her the next of kin of William Leffingwell on one line of

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Argument for Plaintiffs in Error.
descent. Plaintiffs in error claimed that on March 3, 1891, when the act of Congress was passed, they were entitled to their due shares _per stirpes of the fund, to wit, one third thereof, there being only three of the five children of William Leffingwell who survived him, whose descendants were living at that date.
This court, before argument began, ordered that three hours be allowed counsel for the plaintiffs in error in the argument of these cases, and that three counsel be heard on each side. As it is manifestly impossible to find room for all these arguments in the report of the case, the reporter confines himself to -reporting the arguments in the first case in order on the docket, and only upon the points on which the decision of it turned.
-Mr. George A. King (of Boston) for plaintiffs in error in Blagge v. Balc, No. "177.
Is the fund received by the plaintiffs in error, in their capacity of administrators, to be treated (a) as a part of the estate of Crowell Hatch ; -or (b) as an appropriation made for the direct benefit of the next of kin of the said decedent?
The Supreme Court of the District of Columbia has determined that the grant is not to the estate of the decedent but to the next of kin. Gardnerv. Clarke, 20 Dist. Col. 261. The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has also so decided. In re Clement's Estate, 150 Penn. St. 85; .Appeal of Bailey, 160 Penn. St. 391.
The Supreme Court of Massachusetts cannot be cited in favor of either proposition. The dissenting opinion in Codman v. Brooks, 159 Mass. 477, written by the Chief Justice, takes the ground that the creditors of the original sufferer are to be excluded from receiving the money. If -this be so, it would seem to follow, necessarily, that the fund is no part of the estate of the original sufferer, but a gift to his next of kin.
The Supreme . Court of Connecticut stands alone in the opinion that the fund is to all intents and purposes a part of

BLAGGE v. BALCH.
Argument for Plaintiffs in Error.
the estate of the original decedent. Leffngwell's Appeal, 62 Connecticut, 347.
We are of opinion that the fund goes to the next of kin living at the passage of the act, for the following reasons, in addition to those given in the above cited cases.
I. If the awards are to the next of kin, there seems to be no escape from the conclusion that they are to be paid to such next of kin as are represented by the administrators. This representation is to be established by evidence sufficient to enable the Court of Claims to grant its certificate. It is not that representation which inheres in the office of administrator, for such representation only applies to the decedent. Inasmuch as it is a fact to be proved by evidence it is not a representation that grows out of the nature of the office. In this case, the administrators of Crowell Hatch do not now and never did represent Henry Hatch in law or fact. Having died long since, he cannot be represented by these administrators.
The only next of kin who can be represented, who can authorize anybody to represent them, are the living next of kin.
The next of kin of the original sufferer are frequently widely scattered. The practice in the Court of Claims has uniformly been, als it necessarily must be, to require proof that all these persons concur in appointing the administrator as their representative. That was done in this case. The living next of kin are, therefore, the persons represented by the administrators, and are, therefore, the persons entitled to the fund.
II. It may be suggested, also, that it is hardly reasonable to suppose that Congress meant that one set of men should elaborately provide for this representation in order that they might be excluded from the fund for the benefit of other persons.
III. The purpose of the act being to discharge an equitable obligation and make an award to the living persons descended from those who lost their property for the benefit of the government, the purpose of the proviso was plainly to prevent any payment where there were no representdtives of the original sufferer to receive the fund.

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Argument for Defendant, in Error.
There are a number of cases where there are appropriations in this act and where no money has been or ever can be obtained because the family of the loser has become extinct, and there are no living persons to -make proof of representation and get a certificate from the Court of Claims.
IV. Of the four children of Crowell Hatch, there are living descendants of three, and they are the only next of kin. It was wholly by representing these that the administrators were able to obtain the money awarded. Henry Hatch, the petitioner's decedent, left no issue. It would have been impossible to obtain from the government one dollar on his account.
.Mr.FrancisY. Ba h and .Mr.Felix Rackemann, for defendant in error in No. 177, submitted on their brief.
In seeking for the key note of the proviso, it is plain that Congress was dealing with the settlement of claims nearly one hundred years old, and that numbers of the original sufferers had become bankrupt (many driven into bankruptcy by these very spoliations), and no single survivor of the original sufferers remained.
Congress had had the "Alabama Claims" distribution as an object lesson, where the disputes with assignees in bankruptcy, and the practical difficulties of proper distribution among creditors in insolvency after the lapse of years, stood prominent as danger signals. If creditors in bankruptcy of
"Alabama" claimants were difficult to ascertain and reach, how would it be with the bankruptcy files of 1800, and where would the labor and the litigation end ?
The proviso only applies to cases where the original sufferer was bankrupt. No part of it is intended to operate in any other case. All other cases stand on the word "pay" and the designation of the payees in the schedule.
Assume for the moment that the proviso applies to the present and not to future appropriations.
The proviso is one sentence, broken only by commas. It begins, "provided that in all cases where the original sufferers

DILAGGE v. BALCH.
Argument for Defendant in Error.
were adjudicated bankrupts." Here is a distinct and technical description of a particular catastrophe well known to every one - lawyer or layman. Beginning in this way, with special emphasis placed upon this particular event, -the whole proviso would be expected to relate to and be applicable to this event unless some other is distinctly introduced. If a new class of events were to be dealt with in the rest of the sentence it should naturally be clearly demarked, as if, for instance, it said, "and in cases where the original sufferer was not adjudged bankrupt," such and such shall be the rule. The sentence, however, goeso on, "and the awards in the cases of individual claimants shall not be paid until," etc. There is no sensible construction which can be given to "individual claimants" which will make it distinct and marked off from cases where the original sufferer was adjudicated bankrupt.
Would not assignees of bankrupts be individual claimants? Would not the next of kin on whose behalf the award is to be made in cases of bankruptcy b.e individual claimants?
We submit that the words "and in the cases of individual claimants" mean simply this, in the case of "the individual claimants," or in the case "of each individual dlaimant" who was so adjudicated, i.e., that in each case where there was bankruptcy of the original sufferer or claimant, there shall be an investigation, to make sure that the party .prosecuting the claim is acting for the next of kin, and not for the creditors. This is further shown by the word "res.ectively." This makes the whole consistent and clear, and is made further apparent by the differences in the operative words in the two parts of the sentence. In the leading part of the sentence the words are, the "awards shall be made," but in the second part of the sentence the language is "and . . . the awards shall not be 2aid." This is natural if the latter part of the sentence provides merely an additional precautioh affecting the cases spoken of in the earlier part; but it would be nothing short of extraordinary if the sentence should provide for the few cases of bankruptby by mandatory words, "The awards shall be made," and should then proceed to dispose of the immeasurably larger and more important class of non-

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Argument for Defendant in Error.
bankrupts, not by saying in such cases, too, the awards "shall be made on behalf of next of kin," but by a merely negative administrative provisipn as to their payment when made. The reason for such a precaution in case of bankruptcy becomes apparent when it is remembered that the administrator or executor of the assignee might claim to receive the award on behalf of the next of kin, not being expressly excluded as the assignee himself is, Richards v. MHaryland Insurance Co., 8 Cranch, 84. Such administrator or executor might well be hostile to the next of kin, and even if the award were to the executor or administrator of the bankrupt sufferer he might be under the dominance of the creditors.
Another consideration leads irresistibly to the same conclusion. Had it been the intention in all cases to make the "payment" as a gratuity to the next of kin, it would have been the simplest thing possible to have said so. How strange, if such was the intent, to begin by laying special stress upon the peculiar case of original sufferers who Were adjudicated bankrupts. Such a case would be the exception, not the general rule. As well might the law say that every man who carries a concealed revolver shall be subject to a fine of five dollars, and every man who carries a concealed weapon shall be subject to a fine of five dollars.
Legal propositions do not ordinarily have the certainty of mathematical conclusions, but it seems almost a mathematical certainty that the latter part of this proviso could not have been intended to cover all cases of claimants. if not, what class was it intended not to cover?
It will be said it was intended .to cover all but the "corporate" claimants, and that as a corporation could not have been adjudicated bankrupt, this construction leaves the bankrupt original sufferers to make one class, the solvent individual sufferers another class, and the corporate sufferers a third class, the provisions of the latter part of the proviso embracing all the bankrupts and all the individual non-bankrupts, it being in the case of bankrupts an additional precaution, and in the case of the non-bankrupts the sole precaution.
This is a possible construction, but it gives no explanaion

BLAGGE v. BALCH.
Argument for Defendant in Error.
of the emphasis laid on the case of bankruptcy, or of the resulting inanity of providing clearly for the few, and ambiguously and imperfectly for the many, or of the improbability of any effort to produce in this cumbrous and dubious way an effect.which only needed a word or two. Surely, to make an executor of a will take on behalf of next of kin (and there were many cases of executors among the claims appropriated for, our own being a case of administration with will annexed), it needs as strong language as to make an administrator of a bankrupt or of his assignee take on behalf of next of kin.
The marginal note to the proviso, though of no great weight, shows that the proviso was understood merely to cover cases of bankruptcy.
If it is considered forced to read "individual claimants" as "the individual claimants," thus making the proviso to require a certificate in each individual case of a bankrupt sufferer, which we submit is the most natural and must have been the real meaning, we may read it as applying to all cases where the administrators or executors, who are- to take the bankrupt claim on behalf of next. of kin are "inoividuals," it not being considered necessary to require a certificate in the case of corporate administrators or executors, as corporations would. only be admitted to such trusts where clearly responsible. There are three such cases, at least, among those for which appropriations are made: The Safe Deposit and Trust Company, Baltimore, the Peni.Company and the Union Trust Company, New York. Or "individual claimants" may be intended to designate the "next of kin" who are substituted for creditors by the first part of the sentence, and in a certain loose sense may be considered as "individual" claimants as contradistinguished from an assignee claiming not for himself but others. In'this sense again-" individual claimants" would cover the cases of bankruptcy and no more.
But the proviso is not applicable at all to the present appropriations. . This appears from its use of the word "awards," from the evident belief on the part of the framers of the law that they
voL cLx=-29

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Argument for Defendant in Error.
had weeded out all cases of bankruptcy from the present appropriations, and by the use of the future tense.
This was so held in a well considered case in the Court of Claims. Henry v. Uiited States, 27 C. Cl. 142.
If for the sake of argument the case at bar be conceded to be one intended to be covered by the words " individual claimants," still the question recurs, What does the proviso provide in such case?
It provides %partial protection against creditors but does not attempt to protect against them absolutely. It does not attempt to fix the class who are to take absolutely.
The shield is applied to a broader class, it extends to cases where the original sufferer was not bankrupt; but the shield is not itself changed.
That protection is intended against creditors generally may, for the argument, be granted, but how thorough protection?
Where the original sufferer was bankrupt, and his assignee claimed, the award, we have seen, was, to be changed so as to go to the executor or administrator.
Here no change is attempted in the award, but certain partial and preliminary precautions are to be taken before paying the award.
It is to appear, in substance, that debts are out of the way, that the heirs or legatees moved in getting the administration, and that the administrator is under suitable bonds.
If the proviso does operate. as though it said the awards are to be on behalf of next of kin in all cases except those of corporate original sufferers, it uses (Inext of kin" in a loose sense, to cover all claimants under a solvent original sufferer.
The statute is wholly colorless as to any intent to set off next of kin against legatees. Can it be supposed for a moment that an executor could not be a claimant? Where there was a will there could be no administrator except with will annexed. The case at bar is such. Does the statute say that in all such cases the award shall be changed and made to an agent of the kin? Certainly not. What the statute does, upon the present assumption, is to set off kin as representing

BLAGGE v. BALCH.
Argument for Defendant in Error.
both heirs and legatees against creditors, the most conspicuous class, "next of kin," being put forward for the whole.
If it be said that the words "next of kin" cannot be so broadened, how narrow shall they be made? As narrow as in Swazey v. Jaques, 144 Mass. 135, cutting off nephews if there was a brother? Surely not. And does not the impossibility of this show that. the words were. used in a loose and general sense, not the technical one? Why infringe farther than necessary upon the doctrine of ownership by original sufferers ?
But suppose for a moment this statute uses "next of kin" as opposed both to legatees and creditors, all it requires is that there should be next of kin and that the administrator should represent them.
The statute in that case does indeed say that the administrator must represent next of kin, but it does not say he must represent- living next of kin, nor if it could be so construed does it say he must represent such exclusively. It may well be that Congress intended that if there were no living kin there should be no payment of a claim likely to prove escheated'
In the case at bar, the administrators could truly say they represented living next of -kin, but they could not truly say they represented living next of kin exclusively. They represented those claiming under Henry Hatch, as well. How and when did they cease to represent us? They could truly say they represented next of kin exclusively, if, as is here contended, those living at the death of Crowell I-Hatch *were the next of kin intended by the statute. It was a fraud on the Court of Claims if they stated they represented living next of kin exclusively.
But whatever the password was, it has been given. The Court of Claims has lifted the gate and we are through. Now the law must have its course, our law, the Massachusetts law, the law which these administrators have given bonds to follow, and which bonds they were obliged to certify to the Court of Claims in order to get this very money.
But if "next of-kin" means kin strictly, and that such kin

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Argument for Defendant in Error.
alone are to take, then it means kin living at the decease of the original sufferer.
The period of decease is always, in the absence of clear intent to the contrary, the period at which heirs or next of kin are determined. Jarman on Wills, 5th Amer. ed. 670.
The mind of the draftsman was turned to the past, to the original sufferer; did it at once turn to the present on the mention of next of kin?
It will be said that a gratuity cannot be given to a dead person. In the first place it is not a case of gratuity; and in the second place, even if it were a gratuity, the beneficial donees who, it is admitted, must, in such case be living, may be as well designated "those now entitled had it formed part of the sufferer's estate" (which is equivalent to next of kin at death of the dufferer) as "those now entitled had the sufferer died in the stat6 of his domicil possessed of the property, intestate, and without surviving husband or wife." There is no word in the whole proviso which implies that now living, next of kin, were meant.
Granting, then, that if Crowell Hatch had willed away his property from his kin, the kin and not legatees would have. taken, yet here he willed to his kin, his four children, of whom Henry was one, and whose administrator must take a share in either aspect.
Suppose it is a gratuity, - why infringe farther than is necessary upon the rights Of the original sufferers to have the funds treated as part of their estates ?
-Even if the court should believe that in some vague and general way the nexb of kin living at the date of the act were -intended to take, the intent is not so expressed that it can so take effect.
The meaning of this statute cannot be guessed at. Suppose it were a will- where, if ever, intent is the polar star of construction. First comes a clear grant to pay a debt which -has passed into judgment, then comes this ambiguous proviso. It could not operate to cut down a clear grant. There is certainly nothing within the four corners of this instrument which shows such intent in any clear form; quite

BLAGGE v. BALCH.
Opinion of the Court.
a contrary intent is shown. Beyond and outsider the instruinent, the surroiundings .and motives of the actors are more than eve- convincing that no such intent existed. If there were an intent to pay-to an administrator under bonds in our courts t, fuild which he was not to treat as assets, and which yet was to be secured by his bond, this was an inconsistent and impossible intent.
It is not denied that an executor in Massachusetts may, under the operation of the statute law, collect, in certain cases, rents for which he will be held liable on his bond, though not strictly assets, nor that he may not collect life insurance moneys belonging to the widow where the contract was with the deceased, nor that he may not be empowered by statute to collect compensation for death for the benefit of next of kin. But it cannot plausibly be claimed that these administrators would be liable on their bonds, or that the probate court would have jurisdiction in respect to these amounts unless they were assets. Special legislation would have been requisite in Massachusetts (and probably in every other State Where any original sufferer .was domiciled), to carry out the intent of gratuity to living next of kin collected by executors and administrators of the original sufferers. Surely, plain terms*would have been employed if such an unusual purpose had been entertained.
Mr. William Warner Hoppinfor plaintiffs in error in .Footev. Women's Board of Missions, No. 207, submitted on his brief.
.-Mr. James HI.. Webb and Mr. John W. Alling for defendants in error in No. 207.
Mr. Jabez Fox, (with whom was Mr. W. G. Russell on the brief,) Mr.. William Gray Brooks and Mr. Harvey D. RHadlock for plaintiffs in error in Brooks v. (odman, No. 284.
.Mr.Joseph B. Warner for defendants in error in No. 284.
MR;. CHIEF JUSTIcE FULLER, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.

OCTOBER TERI, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
The French spoliation claims arose from the depredations of French cruisers upon our commerce and from the judgments of French prize courts, and could have been enforced against France only by our government, either by diplomacy or by war. In the negotiations leading up to the treaty of September 30, 1800, 8. Stat. 178, these claims of individuals were presented by our commissioners to France, who in turn asserted claims as a nation against this government for failure to comply with treaty guaranties and action in contravention of treaty. The sufferers from the French spoliations have constantly contended that, by that treaty as finally agreed on and ratified, all claims for indemnity were mutually renounced, and that, therefore, an obligation to indemnify them rested upon our government.
January 20, 1885, an act of Congress was approved, 23 Stat. c. 25, 283, providing that "such citizens of the United States, or their legal representatives, as had valid claims to indemnity upon the French government arising out of illegal captures, detentions, seizures, condemnations and confiscations prior to the ratification of the convention between the United States and the French Republic concluded on the thirtieth day of September, eighteen hundred, the ratifications of which were exchanged on the thirty-first day of July following," might apply to the Court of Claims within two years from the passage of the act, and "that the court shall examine and determine the validity and amount of all the claims included within the description above mentioned, together with their present ownership, and, if by assignee, the date of the assignment, with the consideration paid therefor," and "they shall decide upon the validity of said claims according to the rules of law, municipal and international, and the treaties of the United States applicable to the same, and shall report all such conclusions of fact and law as in their judgment may affect the liability of the United States therefor," and that "such finding and report of the court shall be taken to be merely advisory as to the law and facts found, and shall not conclude either the claimants or Congress; and all claims not finally presented to said court within the period of two years limited by this

BLAGGE v. BALCH.
Opinion of the Court.
act shall be forever barred; and nothing in this act shall be construed as committing the United States to the payment of any such claim."
Proceeding to advise under this act, the Court of Claims, in many cases, found with regard to claims therein presented that the original sufferers had valid claims to indemnity upon the French government prior to the convention of 1800; that these claims were relinquished to France by the United States government by that treaty in part consideration of the relinquishment of certain national claims of France against the United States; and that this use of the claims raised an obligation under the Constitution to compensate the individual sufferers for their losses. Gray v. United States, 21 C. C1. 340; ilolbrook v. United States, 21 0. C. 434; Cushing v. United States, 22 0. Cl. 791.
As to the present ownership of the claims the court in Buchanan v. United States, 24 C. C1. 74, 81, said:
"What it has endeavored to do is to ascertain the person in whom the legal title and custody exist; that is to say, the legal representative who in an ordinary suit at law or proceeding in equity would be deemed the proper party to maintain an action for the recovery of similar assets of the original claimants. In the cases of individual owners or underwriters the court has required a present claimant to file his letters of administration and prove to the satisfaction of the court that the decedent whose estate he. has administered was the same person who suffered loss through the capture of a vessel.
"In cases of partnership the court has required evidence of survivorship, and has allowed only the administrator of the survivor to prosecute the claim.
"In cases of bankruptcy, it has held, under the decisions of the Supreme Court, that the claim passed to the assignee, and that on his death it passed to his administrator.
"And where the evidence has shown the bankrupt, estate to be still, unsettled, the court has held the legal title to be still vested in the assignee.
"In cases of incorporated companies no longer in existence,

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
the court has required only the decree of a court of competent jurisdiction transferring their rights of action to the hands of a receiver....
"In none of these cases has the court assumed to determine who were the next of kin of a deceased claimant; nor whether there are any; nor in what proportion were the several interests of partnership owners; nor whether creditors or descendants have the superior equity, nor whether the children of a bankrupt are entitled to a residue of his estate; nor whether the receiver of a defunct corporation represents creditors or stockholders. In other words, the court has not assumed to determine what persons are legally or equitably entitled to receive the money which Congress may hereafter appropriate for the discharge of th~se claims.
"When the validity of a claim against France and the relinquishment thereof by the United States under the second article of the treaty of 1800, and the amount in which the original claimant suffered loss, have been determined and reported, Congress will be in possession of all the facts which this court under its present restricted jurisdiction can possibly furnish. It will then be within the legislative discretion -
"(1) To ascertain through the proper committees who are the persons who should receive the money; or
"(2) To provide for the ascertainment of that fact by additional legislation; or
"(3) To confide the money to. the administrators and receivers who, with the exception of a few still existing corporations, constitute the present claimants, trusting that they and the courts of which they are the officers and agents will distribute the funds among the creditors or next of kin of the original claimants.
"The decisions in these spoliation-cases are not judgments which judicially fix the rights of any person; and the obligations of the government are so far moral and political that they cannot be gauged by the fixed rules of municipal law for the measures of legal damages."
These advisory conclusions having been reported to Congress, the act of March 3, 1891, 26 Stat. 862, 897, 908, c. 540,

BLAGGE v. BALCH.
Opinion of the Court,
was passed making appropriations to pay certain enumerated claims with the following proviso:
"Provided, That in all cases where the original sufferers were adjudicated bankrupts the awards shall be made on behalf of the next of kin instead of to assignees in bankruptcy, and the awards in the cases of individual claimants shall not be paid until the Court of Claims shall certify to the Secretary of the Treasury that the personal representatives on whose behalf the award is made represent the next of kin, and the courts which granted the administrations, respectively, shall have certified that the legal representatives have given adequate security for the legal disbursement of the awards."
The cases in hand turn upon the construction of this proviso, and while it is not denied that Congress had the power to enact that the next of kin should take irrespective of the legal title to the assets of the estate of the original sufferers, it is important, in arriving at a conclusion as to whether. and to what extent that was done, to refer to the view taken by Congress in respect of the ground of the appropriations as indicated by its action.
Notwithstanding repeated attempts at legislation, acts in two instances being defeated by the interposition of a veto, no bill had become a law, during more than eighty years, which recognized an obligation to indemnify, arising from the treaty of 1800, and the history of the controversy shows that there was a difference of opinion as to the effect of that treaty. 2 Whart. Int. Law,  248, p. 714; Davis, J., Cray v. United
tates, supra. Under the act of January 20, 1885, the claims were allowed to be brought before the Court of Claims, but that court was not permitted to go to judgment. The legislative department reserved the final determination in regard to them to itself, and carefully guarded against any committal of the United States to their payment. And by the act of March 3, 1891, payment was only to be made according to the proviso. We think that payments thus prescribed to be made were purposely brought within the category of payments by way of gratuity, payments as of grace-and not of right.
In omegys v. VFase, 1 Pet; 193, the United States had

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Opinion -of the Court.
stipulated with Spain that they would assume and pay certain claims of their citizens against Spain, and an award was made in favor of Vasse, one of the claimants, by a commission appointed as stipulated to examine and adjudicate the claims. Vasse had in the meantime become bankrupt, and the assignment in bankruptcy was held to carry the claim with it.
In Heard v. Williams, 140 U. S. 529, Comegys v. VTasse was followed, and applied to the awards of the Alabama Claims Commission. The United States had demanded and received indemnity for losses sustained by their citizens, and had recognized as valid the class of claims to which the particular claim belonged, and had created a court to adjudicate thereon. It was held that the claim passed to the assignee in bankruptcy, and that payment of awards so made could not be iegarded as a mere gratuity.
In _Emerson's -Heirsv. Hall, 13 'Pet. 409, 413, Chew, the collector, Emerson, the surveyor, and Lorraine, the naval officer, of the port of New Orleans, prosecuted a vessel to condemnation for violation of the laws of the United States prohibiting the slave trade, and 'the District Court allowed their claim to a portioi of the proceeds of the sale of the property, but this decree was afterwards reversed, and the whole proceeds adjudged to the United States. 10 Wheat. 312. Emerson and Lorraine afterwards died, and March 3, 1831, 6 Stat: 464, Congress passed an act "for the relief of Beverly Chew, the heirs of William Emerson, deceased, and the heirs of Edwin Lorraine, deceased," which directed the portion of the proceeds claimed to be paid over to Chew, "and the legal representatives of the said William Emerson and Edwin Lorraine, respectively;" and under authority of which the sums which had been adjudged to these officers were paid to them as provided. One of the creditors of Emerson claimed the sum so paid to his legal representatives as assets for the payment of his debts, but it was held that the payment to the heirs was rightfully made, and that the sum could not be considered in their hands as assets for the payment of the debts of their father. Mr. Justice McLean, delivering the opinion of the court, said: "A claim having no foundation in

BLAGGE v. BALCH.
Opinion of the Court.
law, but depending entirely on the generosity of the government, constitutes no basis for the action of any legal principle. It cannot be assigned. It does not go to the administrator as assets. It dbes not descend to the heir. And if the government from motives of public policy, or any other considerations, should think proper, under such circumstances, to make a grant of money to the heirs of the claimant, they receive it as a gift or pure donation. A donation made, it is true, in reference to some nieritorious act of their ancestor, but which did not constitute a matter of right against the government."
Manifestly the claims involved in these cases do not come within the rule laid down in Comegys v. lFasse and Heard v. Williams, and, without intimating any opinion on their merits, the legislation seems to us plainly to place them 'within that applied in Emerson?'s Heir.s v. Hall, though the circumstances are not the same.
The first clause of the proviso relates to cases where the original sufferers were adjudicated bankrupts, and specifically requires the awards to be "made on behalf of the next of kin instead of the assignees in bankruptcy." As we have seen, the Court of Claims had informed Congress that their view was that the action of the United States came within the constitutional provision as to the taking of private property for public use, and hence that Congress was bound to pay the claimants What was due them by reason of such taking, and further that they had accordingly made awards in favor of assignees in bankruptcy. But Congress declined to accept the views of the Court of Claims and to treat these claims as property of the original claimants, transferable and transmissible like other property of the nature of choses in action, and expressly, provided that the awards should be made to the next of kin instead of the assignees in bankruptcy.
In Henry v. United States, 27 C. C1. 142, 145, decided after the act of March 3, 1891, was passed, the court makes a particular explanation as to this part of the proviso, saying:
"Among the claimants were several assignees, or representatives of assignees, of original sufferers who had been declared bankrupts, and the court reported in those cases that the as-

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
signees, or representatives of the assignees, were entitled to receive from the United States the sum found to be the amount of the losses.
"In Congress an appropriation bill was drawn and printed ,containing appropriations for all the persons named in the reports of the Court of Claims. Fr6m that bill were stricken out all appropriations to assignees in bankruptcy so far as their representative character appeared in the language of the act. This is a decided indication that Congress did not intend to pay assignees in bankruptcy."
It was held that the langtiage used in the first clause was intenided to apply to future reports, Congress having disapproved the recommendations in favor of assignees made up to the date of the act. That disapproval practically illustrates the difference of view between Congress and the Court of Claims as to-the basis on which the allowances were made.
The second clause provides, " that the awards in the cases of individual claimants shall not be paid until the Court of Claims shall certify to the Secretary of the Treasury that the personal representatives in whose behalf the award is made, represent the next of kin." Reading the first clause in the light of the second, the meaning is that in case of bankruptcy the award. should be made as it would be, if the original sufferer had not been declared bankrupt, namely, "on behalf of the next of kin." And the occasion of the introduction of the first clause obviously was to prevent repetition of the action which had proved fatal to some of the recommendations.
The second clause is not limited to the cases named in the first clause, although in a certain sense it may be said to include them by way of anticipation, for it applies to all cases .of individual claimants, as contradistinguished from corporations, and requires the certificat.e as a prerequisite to their payment, "that the personal representatives on whose behalf the award is made represent the next of kin."
It appears to ug that Congress intended that the next of kin should be the beneficiaries in every case; that the limitation is express; and that creditors, legatees and assignees, all strangers to the blood, are excluded.

BLAGGE v. BALCH.
Opinion of the Court.
No reason is suggested for cutting off creditors where the original sufferer became bankrupt, and not cutting them off, where, not having gone into bankruptcy, the estate was insolvent; nor for the payment of awards to the original suffererls next of kin if he were bankrupt, and not, if he were not. The general rule is that so long as the debts of a decedent remain unpaid the assets which come into his estate are to be applied in payment, and these moneys, if they could be treated as assets at all, (being paid over, not as in liquidation of preexisting claims thereby acknowledged, but as concessions made -on equitable considerations,) would partake of the nature of subsequently discovered assets, and be liable to be subjected to the payment of debts. But this cannot be so, for the awards are explicitly required to be made on behalf. of the next of kin, and to be paid only to personal representatives representing the next of kin.
The certificate must be that the personal representative does in fact represent the next of kin, and so receives the payment on their behalf. This certificate is as much required with respect of an administrator with the will annexed as of an administrator in case of intestacy, and yet administrators with the will annexed hold adversely to the next of kin and do not represent them, if the fund is to be distributed according to the will as assets of the estate. Congress well understood this in requiring that next of kin must be represented n6twithstanding many of the items of appropriation were in favor of administrators with the will annexed. In Buc anan v. United States, sVqa, the Court of Claims called the'attention of Congress to the fact that, notwithstanding its own recommendations, it remained for Congress to determine, "first, the measure of the indemnity for which the United States should be held responsible; second, the persons who are equitably entitled to receive it." And Congress thereupon determined the next of kin to'be the persons "equitably entitled to receive;" and while in the interpretation of wills "next of kin" is. sometimes construed to mean other persons than those of the blood or under the statute of distributions, as for instance, legatees,

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
we see no reason to construe this statute as having that operation.
In Xilligan's case, as appears from the opinion of the Court of Claims in Durkee v. United States, 28 C. C1. 326, a certificate was refused because there were no blood relations of the original sufferer, and the administrator had really prosecuted the claim for the benefit of the widow's next of kin. Congress then passed the act of August 23, 1894, 28 Stat. 487, sec. 5, providing that "in the event the court shall find there were no next of kin, and that thtre was a widow, then that said sum. be paid to the executor, personal representative or next of kin of such widow." This made a new disposition of the fund upon the theory that it did not belong to the general assets oi the original sufferer's estate, and that where there werf- no next of kin, in the ordinary signification of the word, new legislation was required.
The events which had given rise to these claims had occurred nearly a century before, and there was nothing unreasonable in the determination of Congress that only the immediate family of the original sufferers should participate in these awards. These sufferers had been in their graves for sixty years. The reasons which might have influenced them in making particular testamentary dispositions had disappeared with time. The claims of creditors had long been outlawed. Equities had become too complicated to be traced. It was enough if the fund passed to persons of the blood of the original sufferers, or who might be entitled under the statutes of distributions, which had been provided in each State, by general legislation, as to the devolution of property in case of intestacy. After all, it would then go as the original claimants might have desired if no special reasons operated to the contrary, and as, in frequent instances, it would have finally gone when those reasons, if once existing, had ceased to operate.
And this conclusion is in harmony with the legislation considered in Emerson's Heirs v. 1all, supra; with section 1981 of the Revised Statutes in reference to recovery of damages by the legal representatives of persons killed by wrongful act in

BLAGGE v. BALCH.
Opinion of the Court.
violation of the civil rights act of 1871 ; the act of Congress of February 17, 1885, c. 126, 23 Stat. 307, providing for actions in the District of Columbia for the death of persbns caused by wrongful acts of others; and generally with the statutes of the States giving a right of action for injldries resulting in death. Tiffany on death by wrongful act, App. 281, 344.
The third clause provided that the awards should not be paid until "the courts whiih granted the administrations, respectively, shall have certified that the legal representatives have given adequate security for the legal disbursement of the awards." It is argued that this implies that the money received by them was to be administered as assets belonging to the estate, but we do hot think so.. It often happens that administrators receive money which is not to be administered as part of the general assets, but is to be distributed in a particular way. Whether upon his general bond an administrator could be held for the performance of such speqial duty might 'depend upon the local statutes 'of each State, and Congress was not obliged to consider whether the ordinary bond would cover the case, or whether a new bond would be required, or whether additional state legislation would be necessary. At. all events, the express language of the act cannot be overcome by the difficulty suggested, if it be such, and the intention of Congress in favor of the next of kin thereby rendered liable .tobe defeated.
From these considerations and by, necessary construction of the language employed, it results that "-next of kin" as used in the proviso means next of kin living at the date of the act. The Court of Claims must certify that the personal representa-. tives "represent the next of kin," and that court has properly held that before there can be a certificate of that fact it must appear that somenext of kin are now in existence. iootper v. United States, 28 . C1. 480 ; Durkee v. United States, 28 C. Cl. 326. This construction is sustained by the legislation of Congress referred to in Durkee v. United States, where two instances are mentioned of special acts giving the fund to other than blood relations of the original sufferers: The exceptions prove the rule.

464:

OCTOBER TERMI, 1895.

Opinion of the Court.

And we are of opinion that Congress, in order to reach the next of kin of the original sufferers, capable of taking at the time of distribution, on principles universally accepted as most just and equitable, intended next of kin according to the statutes of distribution of the respective States of the domicil of the original sufferers. In all the States real estate descends equally to the children of the decedent, and to the issue of deceased children taking per stirpes, and in most of them
personal estate is distributed in the same manner, the variations being immaterial here. 1 Stimson's American Statute
Law,  3101, 3102, 3103, pp. 390, 391. The object of Con-
gress was that the blood of the original sufferers should take at the date of the passage of the act, and the statutes of distribution are uniformly framed to secure that result as nearly as possible, the right of representation being recognized. To hold that the meaning is nearest of blood on March 3, 1891, might cut off many of the blood, who would otherwise take by descent from those nearest at the ancestors' deaths, and an intention to do this contrary to the general rule cannot be imputed. So that in ascertaining who are to take, the fund, though not part of the estates of the original sufferers, may be treated as if it were, for the purposes of identification merely.
In the construction of wills and settlements, after considerable conflict of opinion, the established rule of interpretation in England is that the phrase "next of kin," when found in ulterior limitations, must be understood to mean nearest of kin without regard -to the statutes of distribution. 2 Jarman on Wills, (5th ed.) *108, *109. This rule was followed in Swasey v. Jaques, 144 Mass. 135, where Field, J., speaking for the court, said: "It is certainly difficult to distinguish between the expressions ' next of kin,' ' nearest of kin,' Inearest kindred,' and ' nearest blood relations,' and primarily the words indicate the nearest degree of consanguinity, and they are perhaps more frequently used in this sense than in any other. What little recent authority there is beyond that of the English courts supports the English view; and on the whole we are inclined to adopt it. Redmond v. Burroughs,

BLAGGE v. BALCH.
Opinion of the Court.
63 N. C. 242; _Davenport v. Bassel, Busb. Eq. 29; Wright v. -MethodistLpiscopal Church, Hoff. Chan. 202, 213." But the rule does not appear to have been approved in New York and New Hampshire. Tillman v. Davis, 95 N. Y. 17, 24 ; Pinkham v. Blair,57 N. H. 226.
Moreover, it is settled in Massachusetts as well as elsewhere that "where a clause is fairly susceptible of two constructions also, that certainly is to be preferred which inclines to the inheritance of the children of a deceased child," Bowker v. Bowker, 148 Mass. 198, 203; Jackson v. Jackson, 153 Mass. 374; and in Connecticut that, "when the terms of a will leave the intention of the testator in doubt the courts generally incline to adopt that construction which conforms more nearly to the statute of distributions," Geery v. Skelding, 62 Conn. 499, 501; Conklin v. iDavis, 63 Conn. 377. As put by Rapallo, T., in Low v. Harmony, 72 N. Y. 408, 414: "When the language of a limitation is capable of two constructions, one of which would operate to disinherit a lineal descendant of the testator, while the other will not produce that effect, the latter should be preferked. An intention to disinherit an heir, even a lineal descendant, when expressed in plain and unambiguous language, must be carried out; but it will not be imputed to a testator by implication, when he uses language capable of construction which will not so operate."
We are not, however, dealing with wills or settlements, but with the words "next of kin," as used in a statute, passed, in acknowledgment of losses incurred by the ancestors, under circumstances rendering conjecture futile as to what their action, if exercising a volition in the matter, might be, and where the act clearly indicates the judgment of Congress that the next of kin for the purposes of succession generally should be the beneficiaries as most in accord with the theory of the appropriations.
The Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, Gardner . larke, 20 Dist. Col. 261 ; the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Clements' Estate, 160 Penn. St. 391, and the Circuit Court of Baltimore County, Maryland, .efflngwell's Estate, 49
VOL. CLXH---30

OCTOBER TERAi, 1895.
Syllabus.
Phil. Leg. Int. 147, have expressed similar views to the foregoing.
The judgments are, severally, reversed, and the causes remanded for further proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion.
MR. JUSTICE GRAY did not sit in these cases or take any part in their decision.
WALLACE v. UNITED STATES.
ERROR TO THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF KANSAS.
No. 781. Submitted March 2, 1896.-Decided April 20, 1896.
W. lived on a tract of land next to one owned and occupied by his father in law Z., concerning the boundary between which there was a dispute between them. While V. was ploughing his laud, Z., being then under the influence of liquor, entered upon the disputed tract and brought a quantity of posts there, for the purpose of erecting a fence on the line which he claimed. W. ordered him off, and continued his ploughing. He did not leave, and W. after reaching his boundary with the plough, unhitched his horses and put them in the barn. In about half an hour he returned with a gun, and an altercation ensued, in the course of which W. was stabbed by a son of Z. and Z. was killed by a shot from W.'s gun. W. was indicted for murder. On the trial evidence was offered in defence, and excluded, of threats of Z. to kill W.; and WV.himself was put upon the stand and, after stating that he did not feel safe without some protection against Z., and that Z. had made a hostile demonstration against him, was asked, from that demonstration what he believed Z. was about to do ? This question was ruled out. Held, that if W. believed and had reasonable ground for the belief that he was in imminent danger of death or great bodily harm from Z. at the moment he fired, and would not have fired but for such belief, and if that belief, founded on reasonable ground, might in any view the jury could properly take of the circumstances surrounding the killing, have excused his act or reduced the crime from murder to manslaughter, then the evidence in respect of Z.'s threats was relevant and it was error to exclude it ; and it was also error to refuse to allow the question to be put to W. as to his belief based on the demonstration on Z.'s part to which he testified.

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Statement of the Case.
547; Fenwick v. Maryland, 63 Maryland, 239. In the latter case-it was held that a person on trial for an assault with intent to commit murder is competent to testify as to the purpose for which he procured the instrument with which he committed the assault.
This rule is not controverted, but it is contended that Wallace's belief was immaterial. For the reasons given we cannot concur in that view and are of opinion that the witness should have been allowed to answer.
It is unnecessary to pass upon any of the other points raised on behalf of plaintiff in error.
.Judgment reversed and cause remanded with a direction to set aside the verdict and grant a new trial.
C.AMPBELL v. PORTER.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE *DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 187. Argued Mfarch 10, 11, 1896. -Decided April 20, 1S96.
A writ of error is the proper form .ofbringing up to this court an order of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia admitting a will to probate.
Since the act of July 9, 1888, c. 597, as before that act, the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia has no power to admit a will or. codicil to probate as a devise of real estate.
THIS was a petition by the executors of the will of the late Admiral David D. Porter, who died February 13, 1891, to the special term of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, sitting as an orphans' court, for the admission to probate of his will and of a codicil thereto.
Upon citation to the next of kin; Elena Porter, a daughter of the testator, having become by marriage Elena Campbell, appeared and demanded full proof of the execution of the will and codicil.
The will and the codicil each bore the signature of the testator, and those of the same three persons as witnesses.

CAM-PBELL v. PORTER.
Argument for Plaintiff In Error.
At the .hearing in special term, it was shown by the examination of the 'witnesses, .that the will was duly executed -by the tpstator, and attested by all three witnesses; and that the codicil was signed by the testator, and attested by two of the witnesses; and the only controverted question was whether the testator did or did- not make or acknowledge his signature to the codicil in the presence of the third witness.
Upon the whole, evidence (which was set forth in the .record, but is unnecessary to the understanding of the. points decided by this court) the judge holding the special. term ordered the will to be admitted. to probate -as to both real and personal property, and the- codicil to be admitted to probate in respect of *personal property; and certified to the .general term, for hearing in the first instance, the question of the sufficiency of the codicil to devise or dispose of real estate.
At the hearing in general term, it was ordered and adjudged, for reasons stated in the opinion reported in 9 Mackey, (20 D. 0.) 493, that the codicil was duly executed by the testator, and subscribed and attested by three witnesses, as required by law, .and should be admitted to probate as a devise of real estate. A bill of exceptions to this ruling and order was tendered by Mrs. Campbell, and allowed by the court, which certified that the value of the real estate devised to her in the codicil was less than that devised to her in the will by more than the sum of $5000, a sufficient amount to sustain the appellate jurisdiction of this court,' under the act of March 3, 1885, c. 355. 23 Stat. 443. And Mrs. Campbell, on June 22, 1892, sued out this writ of error.
MAr. W D. Davidge, (with whom was -Mr. W. D. Davidge, Jr., on the brief,) for plaintiff in error, as to the point on which the case turned in this court:
It is said on the other side that the court below in special term had no power to admit to probate a will or codicil as a dev e. of real estate.

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Argument for Defendant in Error.
Such was the law prior to the act of Congress of July 9, 1888, c. 597, 25 Stat. 246; Robertson v. Pickrell, 109 U. S. 608, 610; Barbour v. Moore, 4 App. Gas. D. C. 535, 544.
But the above act enacted as follows: "The record of any will or codicil heretofore or hereafter recorded in the office of the register of wills of the District of Columbia, which shall have been admitted to probate by the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, or by the late orphans' court of said District, or the record of the transcript of the record and probate of any will or codicil elsewhere, or of any certified copy thereof, heretofore or hereafter filed in the office of said register of wills shall be vrima facie evidence of the contents and due execution of such wills and codicils: P rovided, that this act shall not apply in any cause now pending in any of the courts of the District of Columbia."
Whatever may be said as to the retroactive operation of that law, there can be no doubt that the record of wills of real estate, admitted to probate since its passage, is prima facie evidence as tb two matters - contents and due execution. Barbour v. Zfoore, 4 App. Gas. 535.
.AX&. Chapin Brown for defendant in error.
This case is not properly before this court for review. It should have been brought here by appeal, and not by writ of error. The proceedings under which the case was tried below, are provided for in the Maryland act of 1798. Ormsby v. Mebb, 134 U. S.47, does not apply to the case at bar.
But in the present case all of the testimony was taken under the law by depositions in writing and tried and determined by the General Term of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, sitting as an orphans' court, without a jury trial. There is no provision of law or of practice for framing a bill of exceptions in this case (Stewart v. Pattison's Excr. 8 Gill, ,pp. 46, 54), and the law relating to trial and appeal, where the facts are tried by the court on depositions in writing, is different from that relating to trial by jury.
But it is clear that the orphans' court had no jurisdiction

CAMPBELL v. PORTER.
Opinion of the Court.
to try any question relating to a devise of real estate, and was without jurisdiction to pass the order admitting the codicil to probate as a devise of real estate.
The court in General Term of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia was sitting as an orphans' court when it passed this. order, and had only the powers and jurisdiction of the orphans' court.
When the court ordered that the codicil be admitted tolprobate in respect of personal property, the powers and jurisdiction of the orphan's court were exhausted and final, and there was no appeal from this order, or exception taken to the order in this respect.
MR. JUSTICE GRAY, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
It was contended, in behalf of the defendants in error, that the case should have been brought to this court by appeal, and not by writ of error. But we consider this point as settled by the decision made six years ago in Ormsby v. Webb, 134 U. S. 47, 64, 65, in which a motion to dismiss, for the same reason, a writ of error to .review a judgment of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, admitting a will to probate, was denied by this court, -not merely because in that case a trial by jury had -been actually had, but upon the more general ground that a proceeding for -the probate of a will in the District of Columbia was not a suit in equity, and was a case in which the parties had the right to claim a trial by jury, and in which there might be adversary parties, and a final judgment affecting rights of Property. See Price v. Taylor, 21 Maryland, 356, 363. The, decision in Ormsby v. Webb has since been understood as governing the practice in the District,'and evidently guided the course of the plaintiff in error in the present case. Uider these circumstances, the question whether the form of bringing up a probate case shall be by writ of error or by appeal does not appear to us to be so important in its coisequences that it should now be reconsidered.
VOL. C=xi-31

OCTOBER TER-NJ, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
A more serious question of jurisdiction, presented by this record, is whether the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia had power to admit a will or codicil to probate as a devise of real estate. Curiously enough, it is the plaintiff in error who contends that it had, and the defendants in error who insist that it had not. But it is immaterial by which party the question is made, for, being a question of jurisdiction, it would be the duty of this court of its own motion to take notice of it.
This question depends upon the act of Congress of July 9, 1888, c. 597, entitled "An act relating to the record of wills in the District of Columbia," and the whole of the rest of which is as follows: "The record of any will or codicil, heretofore or hereafter recorded in the office of the register of wills of the District of Columbia, which shall have been admitted to probate by the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, or by the late orphans' court of said district, or the record of the transcript of the record and probate of any will or codicil elsewhere, or of any certified copy thereof, heretofore or hereafter filed in the office of said register of wills, shall be irimafacieevidence of the contents and due execution of such wills and codicils: Provided, that this act shall not apply in any cause now pending in any of tho courts of the District of Columbia." 25.Stat. 246.
In order to determine the scope and effect of this act, it is necessary to consider what the law upon the subject was in the District of Columbia before its passage.
The law of wills and of probate, as existing in Maryland on February 27, 1801, is the law of the District of Columbia, except as since altered by Congress; and the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, in special and general term respectively, has, by virtue of successive acts of Congress, the probate jurisdiction formerly exercised by the orphans' court and the Court of Chancery of the State of Maryland, and by the orphans' court and the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia; with authority, also, at a special term, to order any matter to be heard in the first instance at
a general term. Acts of February 27, 1801, c. 15,  1, 12; 2

CAMPBELL v. PORTER.
Opinion of the Court.
Stat. 103, 107; March 3, 1863, c. 91i  3, 5, 16; 12 Stat. 763,
764; Junie 21, 1870, c. 141,  4, 5; 16 Stat. 161; Rev. Stat. D. C.  772, 800, 930.
The older laws of the State of Maryland concerning wills, executors and guardians, were amended and codified by the statute of 1798, chapter 101, drawn up by Chancellor Hanson, and published in 2 Kilty's Laws, and containing the following provisions:
By sub-chapter 1,  4, (following the English Statute of Frauds of 29 Car. 2, c. 3,  5,) it ivas enacted that "all devises and bequests of any lands or :tenements, devisable by law, shall be in writing; and signed by the party so devising the same, or by some other person in his presence, and by his express directions, and Shall be attested and subscribed, in the presence of the said devisor, by three or four credible witnesses, or else they shall be utterly void and of none effect."
Sub-chapter 2, in  1-3, made various provisions for se-
curing the prompt delivery of- "a will or codicil," after the death of the testator, to the register of wills for safekeep-
ing until probate; and in  4, enacted that "an attested
copy, under the seal of office, of any will, testament or codicili recorded'in any office authorized to record the same, shall be admitted as evidence in any court of law or equity: Provided, that the execution of the original will or codicil be subject to be contested until a probate hath been had according to this act."
That statute did not authorize the probate of wills of real
estate. But in sub-6hapter 2,  5-13, and sub-chapter 15,  16-18, it made full and minute plovisions for the probate
iM the orphans' court of "any will or codicil, containing any disposition relative' to goods, chattels or personal-estate;" by which such a will might, if uncontested, be admitted to probate at once; or, if contested, be dealt 'with -"according to the testimony prodhced on both sides," and be admitted to probate "on such proof as shall be sufficient 'to give efficacy toa will or codicil for passing personal property ;" or, at the request of either party,"by a plenary proceeding; upon bill or petition, answer under bath, and depositions, and; it might be,

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
the findings of a jury upon issues sent to a court of law for trial; with a right of appeal from the orphans' court to the Court of Chancery or General Court.
By the law of -Maryland, and consequently of the District of Columbia, in accordance with what was the law of England until the statute of 1 Vict. c. 26, a will of personal property need not be attested by subscribing witnesses, but might be established, when offered for .probate, by the testimony of any two witnesses, or by equivalent proof. 1 Williams on Executors, (7th ed.) 85, 343 ; Dorsey's Testamentary Law, 57; .Mclntire v. .Mclntire, ante, 383, and 8 Mackey,; (19 D. C.) 482, 489. A will of personal property, until admitted to probate, was not competent evidence in another suit. Armstrong v. Lear, 12 Wheat. 169, 176. And in Maryland, under the statute of 1798, an order granting or refusing probate of a will, as to personalty, has been considered not merely prima facie, but conclusive evidence in a subsequent suit. l1ac7ford v. Colvin, 14 Maryland, 532, 554; Johns v. 11odges, 62 Maryland, 525, 534.
In Darby v. iayer, (1825) this court recognized that by a probate under that statute the will was conclusively established as to personalty; but decided that the clause of sub-
chapter 2,  4, above quoted, by which "an attested copy,
under the seal of office, of any will, testament or codicil, recorded in 'any office authorized to record the same, shall be admitted as evidence in any court of law or equity," did not make such a copy of the recorded probate of a will evidence of title to real estate; and the reasons of the court were stated by Mr. Justice Johnson as follows:
"It is true that the generality of the terms in the first lines of this clause is such as would, if unrestricted by the context, embrace wills of lands. It is also true that the previous chapter in- the same article prescribes the formalities necessary to give validity to devises of real estate; it is further true that the previous sections of the second chapter indicate the means, and impose the duty of delivering up wills of all descriptions to the register of the court of probates, for safekeeping, after the death of the testator, and until they shall

CAMPBELL v. PORTER.
Opinion of the Court.
be demanded by some person authorized to demand them for the purpose of proving them.
"But it is equally true that the act does not authorize the registering of any will without probate. Nor does it, in any one of its provisions, relate to -the. probafe of -any wills, except wills of goods and chattels.
"The clause recited makes evidence of. such wills only, as are recorded in the offices of courts authorized to record them. But when the power of :taking probate is expressly limited to the probate of wills of goods and chattels, we see not with what propriety the meaning of the clause in question can be extended to wills of any other description. The orphans' court may take probates of wills, though .they affect lands, provided they also affect goods and chattels; but the will, nevertheless, is conclusively established only as to the personalty.
"Unless the words be explicit and imperative to the contrary, the construction must necessarily conform to the existing laws of the State on the subject of wills of real estate. And when the power of taking probates is confined to wills of personalty, we think the construction of the clause recited must be limited by the context.
"We are, therefore, of opinion that there was nothing in the law of Maryland which could, under the Constitution, make the document offered to prove this will per se evidence in a land cause." 10 Wheat. 465, 471,. 472.
In Robertsonm v. Pickrell, (1883) this court held that an exemplified copy of the probate of a will of real estate in a court of Virginia, authorized by the law of that State to take probate of wills, as well of real estate as of personal property, was incompetent evidence, in the courts of the District of Columbiaj of title to real estate in the District; and, speaking by Mr. Justice Field, said: "In most of the States in the Union, a will of real property must be admitted to probate in some one-of their courts, before it can be received elsewhere as a conveyance of such property. But by the law of Maryland, which governs in the District of Columbia, wills, so far as real property is concerned, are not admitted to such pro-

OCTOBER TERM, 1895.
Opinion of the Couit.
bate. The common law rule prevails on that subject. The orphans' court there may, it is true, take the probate of wills, though they affect lands, provided they affect chattels also ; but the prbbate is evidence of the validity of the will, only so far as the personal property is concerned. A8 an instrument conveying real property, the probate is not evidence of its execution. That must be shown by a production of the instrument itself, and proof by the subscribing witnesses; or, if they be not living, by proof of their handwriting." 109 U. S. 608, 610.
In the State of Maryland, the statute of 1798 continued to be in 'force until the legislature of Maryland, by the supple-
mental statute of 1831, c. 315,  1, authorized the orphans'
courts to take the- probate of "any will, testament or codicil, whether the same has relation to real or personal estate, or to both real and personal estate," in the same manner as, under the original statute, they might of wills disposing of personal estate; "which said probate, as concerns real estate, shall be deemed and takeh only as prima facie evidence of such will, testament or codicil ;" and, in  16, provided that any will admitted to probate should be kept in the register's office, except that it might, at the trial of an issue of devisavit vel non, "be adduced in evidence under care of such register, or of any person in that behalf by him deputed, under a s~upcena duces tecum, issued on special order of the court holding such trial."
The statute of Maryland of 1854, c. 140, authorized copies of wills and probates made in other States to be filed and recorded in the office of the register of wills in any county in Maryland ; and provided that a copy of the record, under the hand of the regrister and the seal of his office, should "be evidence in all suits or actions, at law and in equity, in any court in this State, wherein the title of any property, -real or personal, thereby devised or given, shall be in question, with the same force and effect as if the original will had been admitted to probate in this State, according to the laws thereof.?' Before that statute, the record of a probate in another State was inadmissible in evidence in the courts of Maryland. Budd v. Brooke, 3 'Gill, 198, 232; Beatty v. .fason,30 Maryland, 409, 412.

CAMPBELL v. PORTER.
Opinion of the Court.
Congress never legislated upon the subject mentioned in either of the last two statutbs of Maryland, until it passed the act of July 9, 1888, c. 597, now in question, entitled "An act relating to the record of wills in the District of Columbia," and the whole enacting part of which is so brief, that it may well be quoted once more, as follows: "The record of any will or codicil, heretofore or hereafter recorded in the office of. the register of wills of the District of Columbia, which-shall have been admitted to.probate by the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, or by the late orphans' court of said district, or the record of the transcript or the record and probate of any will or codicil elsewhere, or of any certified -copy thereof, heretofore or, hereafter, filed in the office of said register of wills, shall be primafacie evidence of the contents and due execution of such wills and codicils: Provided, that this act shall not apply in any cause now pending in any of the courts of the District of Columbia."
Before the passage of this act, as has been seen, neither the Supreme Court of the District, of Columbia., nor its predecessor, the orphans' court, had any jurisdiction to admit to probate a will of real estate only; and, consequently, no record, in any court' of the District, of a probate of a will would be any evidence whatever of title to real estate; but, as to personal property, the probate of a will would seem to have been regarded as conclusive evidence; and there was no statute law in the District concerning thle record or the proof of wills made and probated elsewhere.
The act of 1888 i a statute of evidence, and not of jurisdiction. It does not purport to confer any jurisdiction whatever. Its title describes it as "relating to the record of wills." The body of it is, in terms, a simple declaration that records of probates of wills or codicils in the District of Columbia "shall beprimafacieevidence of the contents and due execution of such wills and codicils." And the concluding proviso, that it shall not apply to pending -causes, treats it as a mere rule of evidence.
The records thus made evidence include those of wills and codicils admitted, to probate by the coflrts of the District,

OCTOBER TER-M2, 1895.
Opinion of the Court.
whether before or after the passage of the act, and also records of probates made elsewhere, and filed in the register's office here. The act assumes the probates to have been lawfully made; and it no more undertakes to define or to regulate the jurisdiction of the courts of probate of the District for the future, than it does the jurisdiction bf those courts in the past, or the jurisdiction of the courts elsewhere whose proceedings filed here are equally made evidence.
The act gives no greater weight to future, than it does to past probates and records. But if it made the record of a will, admitted to probate in the District of Columbia before the act, evidence of title to real estate, it would not only give the probate an effect which could not have been in the mind of the court which granted it; but it would, in many cases, make a will effective to pass real estate, which had never been attested as required by law to constitute a valid will for that purpose.
For example, take the case now before the court, supposing it to have arisen before the passage of the act. The codicil disposed of both real and personal property, and bore the names of three witnesses. To prove it as a testamentary disposition of personal property, two witnesses were ample. Therefore, if the court of .probate was satisfied that two only of the witnesses whose names were on the paper saw the testator sign or acknowledge it, the court would be bound to admit it to probate, although, for want of a third witness, there was no sufficient attestation or proof. to make it a good will of real estate ; and yet the record of the -probate would be evidence of title to real estate under the devise therein contained.
The act not only does not (as did the statute of Maryland of 1831, above cited) contain an express grant of jurisdiction to take probate of Wills of real estate; but it does not mention such wills at all. The leading words, "The record of any will or codicil," in the first line of this act, are no more general than the corresponding words, -"An attested copy of any will, testament or codicil," in the similar provision of the statute of Maryland of 1798, which was held by this court, in Darby v. .Mayer, before cited, not to embrace wills of real estate, which

CAMPBELL v. PORTER.
Opinion of the Court.
the courts had no authority to admit to probate, although that statute in other clauses (as this act does not) applied by necessary implication, and even by express words, to such wills.
Congress, when framing the act of 1888, cannot be supposed to have been ignorant of the provision relating to evidence in the statute of 1798, which had been part of the law of the District of Columbia for nearly ninety years; nor of the conistruction which this court had given to that provision; nor yet of the want of any statute concerning records of wills admitted to probate elsewhere.
There may be some difficulty in ascertaining the motive of Congress in passing the act of 1888. But difficulty in ascertaining the motive of Congress is but a slight foundation for attributing to it an intention, unexpressed, to confer upon the courts of probate within the District of Columbia an authority over wills of real estate which they never had before since the District was first organized.
We regret to be compelled to differ. in opinion from the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia, which, since the decision below in the present case, has held that the record of a will admitted to probate in. tle District before the passage of the act of 1888..was competent evidence of the title to real estate in an action brought since its passage. ]But the question appears by the report not to have been argued by counsel, or much discussed by the court. Barbour v. .Moore, 4 D. C. App. 535, 543, 544.
The result is that the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, upon the application for probate of the codicil in question, had no authority to determine upon its sufficiency to pass real estate; and that its order in this respect must be modified.
That the codicil was sufficiently proved to pass personal property was not controverted at the bar.
Judgment reversed, and case remandedfor further proceedings in conformity with this optinion.
MR. CHIEF Jusr cE FULLER took no part in the consideration and decision of this case.

