OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Statement of the Case.
For the same reasons as given in the foregoing cases, this judgment of the Court of Claims must also be
1Reversed, and the cause remandedwit, the same directions
as sn the other cases.
HOPKINS -v. GRIMSHAW
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 18. Argued December 16, 17, 1895.-Decided February 15, 189T.
Notwithstanding the provisions of the acts of July 2, 1864, cc. 210, 222 (rednacted in Rev. Stat. § 858, and Rev. Stat. D. C. §§ 876877), a widow is incompetent to testify, in a suit which she is neither a party to, nor interested in, to a private conversation between her husbfild and herself in his lifetime; and a conversation between them in their own home, in the presence of no one but a young daughter, who does not appear to have taken any part in it, is a private conversation, within the rule.
The rule against perpetuities is inapplicable to a trust resulting to the heirs of a grantor upon the failure of.an express trust declared in his deed.
By a deed of land from a private person to three others as trustees for a particular society, not incorporated, but formed for the mutual aid of its members when sick and for their burial when dead, to have and to hold to the trustees, "and their successors in office forever, for the sole use and benefit of the society aforesaid, for a burial ground, and for no other purpose whatever," the trustees take the legal estate in fee; and, when the land has ceased to be used for a burial ground, and all the bodies there interred have been removed to other cemeteries, by order of the municipal authorities, and the society has been dissolved and become extinct, the grantor's heirs are entitled to the land by way of resulting trust; and, after one of those heirs and the heirs of the trustees have conveyed their interests in the land to another person, the other hirs of tfe grantor may maintaifi a bill in equity against him to enforce the resulting trust, and for partition of the land, and for complete relief between the parties.
THIS was a bill in. equity, filed May 24, 1889, against William H. Grimshaw, and ag&ainst Mary J Brooks, an heir ot Stup1ney Forrest, by the 6ther heirs of Forrest, and by - Horace S. Cummings, trustee," to enforce a resultig trust in, aad to obtain pzrtotion of, land in the citv of Washin-ton, oonveyed Foi.je t to David Redden an'i others. trustees

HOPKINS v. GRIMSHAW

Statement of the Case.

for the Union Beneficial Society of the City of Washington,

for a burial ground. The case was heard upon pleadings and

proofs, and was in substance as follows

By deed dated August 9, 1845, and recorded October 21,

1845, William Nolan, Commissioner of Public Buildings, in

consideration of the sum of $129.93, recited to be paid by the

grantee, conveyed to "Stephney Forrest, his heirs and assigns

forever," ten lots comprising the north half of square 1089

in the city of Washington.

By deed not dated, but acknowledged September 25, 1845,

and recorded October 21, 1845, Stephney Forrest, for a like

consideration, conveyed the same land to "David Redden,

Daniel Simms and William Barton, trustees for the Unign

Beneficial Society of Washington City," to have and to hold

to said Redden, Simms and Barton "and their successors

in office forever, for the sole use and benefit of the Union

Beneficial Society of the City of Washington as aforesaid, for

a burial ground, and for no other purpose whatever."

Stephney Forrest died in 1855, having been twice married,

and leaving six children by his first wife, and one daughter

(since Mary J. Brooks) by his second wife, Rachel Forrest,

who also survived him. He was a member of the society,

and the answer alleged that he purchased the land in behalf

of the society and with its money

The only evidence offered in support of this allegation con-

sisted of depositions of Rachel Forrest, his widow, and of

Mary J Brooks, their daughter, taken in November, 1889, the

material parts of which ivere as follows Mrs. Forrest testified

that she was now eighty-five years old, that she knew her

husband bought this land for the society, because, before he left

home on the morniuu of the day of his purchase, he told her

that he was going to buy the land for the society, and to get

the money from the society to buy it, and came back and

showed hera bundle which he said contained the money, and

,ater in the day told nev that lie had- bought the land for the

v';,,&/, and tlit she never talked with her daughter about

., meutioned it tv, a-y one until the day she testified

~

cc.Miedthat, when she wa~s usair-

OCTOBER TERI, 1896
Statement of the Case.
teen or fourteen years old, she heard her father, as he left 'home one morning, say that be was going to the secretary ,of the society to get the money to buy the land for the society The plaintiffs' counsel, .at the hearing, objected to this testimony of Forrest's widow and daughter as insufficient to establish a trust, and -to the widow's testimony as incompetent to prove statements made by her husband to her.
The Union Beneficial Society of the City of Washington was an unincorporated association of colored persons, formed by articles of association in writing in 1841, by which provisions were made for visiting sick and infirm members, and for applying to their relief money appropriated for that purpose, and for paying, upon the death of any member, certain sums out of the funds of the society "towards defraying the funeral expenses," and "to the widow, orphan children or legal representatives, of such deceased member ", the funds of the society were to be derived from entrance fees, monthly dues and other pecuniary contributions of the members, and fines imposed upon them for violations of the' articles, and "whilst six members of this institution unite for its continuance, it shall not be broken."
For many years after the deed of Forrest to the trustees, the land was used by the society for the burial of its members, and also for the burial of any other colored inhabitants of the city upon the payment of certain fees. Since 1852, at least, fees so obtained, instead of 'being applied to the use of the society, were divided fiom time to time among its members. The last admission of a new member was in 1870, and the members gradually dwindled'in number until 1882, when there were only three members, one being Philip Wells, its president. For the five years before 1883, there were 1589 interments, and from January, 1883, to November 13, 1883, there were 560 bodies interred, many of them one upon another. On November 13, 1883, further interments were prohibited by the board of health, and none were made afterwards. It did not appear that since 1887 the society did anything, kept any records, or held any meetings.
All the trustees named as grantees in the deed from Steph-

HOPKINS v. GRIMSHAW
Statement of,the Case.
ney Forrest being dead, the defendant Grimshaw, who was a son in law of Mrs. Brooks, obtained in 1887 and 1888 conveyances to himself, as follows: 1st. Deeds from Mrs. Forrest and Mrs. Brooks of their interests m the land. 2d. 'A deed from Philip Wells, the president of the society, purporting to convey all its and his interests in the laud. 3d. Deeds of the land frem the heirs of the trustees aforesaid.
In February, 1889, the board of health, upon the petition of Grimshaw, claiming to have authority from the surviving members of the society, ordered him to exhume all the bodies interred in this burial ground, and to remove them to other cemeteries, and he did so at his own expense, amounting, as he testified, to the sum of $2000.
The bill alleged that the plaintiffs and the defendants sued and were sued in their own Aight, except Cummings, who sued as trustee under the trust afterwards mentioned, and that on March 20 and 27, 1889, the land in question was conveyed to him by the other plaintiffs, by deeds which (as put in evidence at the hearing) purported to convey that land to Cummings in fee, "in and upon the trusts, nevertheless, hereinafter mentioned and declared, that is to say, in trust to sell and convey the same to such person or persons, in fee simple or otherwise, ind upon such terms and conditions, as Franklin Hl. Mackey, of the District of Columbia, shall in writing direct, and the proceeds of said sale to distribute according to the terms of a paper of even date herewith, and signed in duplicate by the party of the first part, one copy of which is in the hands of the said Cummings, and the other in the hands of the said Mackey, and the purchaser or purchasers of said property shall not be required to see to the application of the purchase money" The paper so referred to, concerning the distribution of proceeds of sales, was not in the record transmitted to this court.
The bill further alleged that, "by virtue of said deeds, complainant Cummings now holds the entire legal title in trust for the other co-plaintiffs to said-property, except the interest of the defendant William H. Grimshaw, and that a complete and perfect title to the same will be held by the complainants -when this court has decreed the reverter which complainants

OCTOBER TERMI, 1896.
Statement of the Case.
are entitled to have declared by reason of the terms of the said original deed from Stephney Forrest to said trustees."
The bill prayed that the land "be decreed to have reverted to the heirs of Stephney Forrest, by reason of the terms and provisions and purposes of the original conveyance of said Stephney Forrest, and the order of the municipal authorities, and the carrying out of said order", that a comnmrssion be appointed to make partition of the land between Grimshaw as grantee of Mrs. Brooks, one of the heirs of Stephney Forrest, and the plaintiffs, his other heirs, that the deeds to Grimshaw from the heirs of the trustees be declared to be a cloud upon the plaintiffs' title, and of no effect to pass any title in the land, and be directed to be surrendered for cancellation, and for further relief.
Grimshaw, in his answer to the bill, denied that Cummings sued as trustee, and alleged that he sued in his own right and for his own benefit, and at the hearing, in support of this allegation, introduced a bill in equity, filed by Cummings alone April 16, 1889, sinilar to the present bill, except in alleging that by the deeds to him from F rrest's heirs the entire and fall beneficial interest and estate vested in him. That bill was dismissed by Mr. Mackey, as solicitor for Cummings, on the same day on which he filed the present bill as solicitor for the plaintiffs therein.
The answer further averred that the deeds to Grimshaw from the heirs of the original trustees were procured by him at the instance and for the benefit of the Union Beneficial Society, and he held the land in trust for the society, and for no other use or purpose whatsoever, and denied that those deeds were clouds upon the plaintiffs' title, denied the plaintiffs' title, and denied that any title vested in Stephney Forrest's heirs, by reverter or otherwise, and averred that the deed from Forrest vested in the trustees named therein an absolute and indefeasible estate in fee simple, and that the society used the land solely for the purpose of a burial ground as long as it was lawful so to use it, and only ceased such use when compelled to do so by law To this answer the plaintiffs filed a general replication.

HOPKINS v. GRIMSHAW
Opinion of the Court.
Mrs. Brooks never filed an answer and the plaintiffs. before the hearing, dismissed their bill as against her.
Upon the hearing, the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia dismissed the bill, "without prejudice to the rights of the complainants to claim, in any proper suit or proceeding, such rght, if any, as the ' ain Stepuney Forrest may have been entitled to, in said real estate, as a member of said Union Beneficial Society" The plaintiffs appealed to this court.
AH F"anklim R. -Mackey and Mr .11. 0 Claug.hton for
appellants.
_ir IV L. Cole and Mr T. J Darlingtonfor appellee.
MR. JUSTWE GRAY, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
Stephney Forrest, in 1845, purchased a parcel of land in Washington, and conveyed it to three persons, "trustees for the Union Beneficial Societv of Washington City," habendum to them "and their successors in office forever, for the sole use and beiyefit of the Union Beneficial Society of the City ofWashington as aforesaid, for a burial ground, and for no other purpose whatever." Forrest died in 1855 , and all three trustees afterwards died.
The Union Beneficial Societv was an unincorporated association for the mutual aid of its members in case of sickness, and for their burial in case of death. This land was used by the society for a burial ground for nearly forty years, and then, by order of the board of health, ceased to be so used, and all the bodies which had been buried there were exhumed avtl removed to other cemeteries. Grimshaw afterwards procured conveyances of the land to himself from the heirs of the trustees named in Forrest's deed, as well as from Forrest's widow azid fTonurDs. Brooks, one of his heirs, and from Wells, the last presideilt of the society and one of its three surviving members. And the society (which, by the terms of its articles of association, was to continue so long as it had six members)

:348

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.

Opinion of the Court.

-does not appear to have since done any acts, held any meetings or kept any records, and was practically dissolved and -extinct.
The present bill was filed by the other heirs of Forrest :against Grimshaw and Mrs. Brooks, praying for a decree that
the land had reverted to Forrest's heirs, and for a partition -of the land between the plaintiffs and Grimshaw as grantee of :Mrs. Brooks, and for cancellation of the deeds from the .heirs of the trustees to Grinmshaw, as being a cloud upon the .plaintiffs' title, and for general relief.
The original joinder of Mrs. Brooks as a defendant is umm-porTqnt. By reason of having conveyed her right to Grim:shaw, she had no interest in the suit, and filed no answer, and the plaintiffs, before the hearing, dismissed their bill as .aganst her.
iNor can the joinder of "Horace Cummings, trustee," as a ,plaintiff in this bill, affect the rights of the principal parties ,to the suit. The deeds made to him by the other plaintiffs, .two months before this suit was brought, and produced at the hearing, showed that -the land was conveyed by them to Cummings in trust to sell and convey it to such persons and upon such terms and conditions as their solicitor should ditect, and to.distribute the proceeds of such sale according to the terms of a paper, copies of which were in the hands of the solicitor and of Cummings respectively Although that paper is not in the record, the terms of those deeds clearly show Cummings 'to have been a mere trustee to bring suit and to sell the land for the benefit of the other plaintiffs, and iot in his own behalf, notwithstanding the allegation, in the bill thereafter filed by him alone, and voluntarily dismissed upon the filing of the present bill, that by those deeds the whole beneficial interest and estate vested in him. Perhaps, as suggested by the counsel of the appellee, the former bill was dismissed for fear of the rule of law, recogmized in Sckutenberg v. Harrviman, 21 Wall. 44, 63, that a right of entry for breach of a condition subsequent cannot be alienated.
The allegation in the answer, that Forrest purchased this land in behalf of the society, and with its money, is supported

HOPKINS v. GRIAISHAW
Opinion of the Court.
by no competent -and sufficient evidence. The only evidence upon this point was the testimony, taken forty years after the transaction, of Forrest's widow and daughter, respectively the. grandmother and the mother of Grimshaw's wife.
The first question presented in relation to this testimony is. whether the widow was a competent witness to prove admissions or declarations supposed to have been made by her husband in conversation with her.
At common law, upon grounds. of public policy, husband. and wife (with some exceptions not here. material) were not. permitted, even by consent, to give evidence for or against each other, or to testify, even after the ending of the marriage relation by death or divorce, to private communicationswhich took place between them while it lasted. Stezn v Bowman, 13 Pet. 209, 222, O'Connorv HajoriankTs,4 Man. & Gr. 435, S. C., 5 Scott N. R. 394:, 1 Greenleaf on Evidence,
§§ 334-337.
The Congress of the United States, by a clause originally inserted in the Civil Appropriation Act of July 2, 1864, c. 210,. § 3, 13 Stat. 351, and embodied in section 858 of the Revised Statutes of the United States, has enacted that there shall beno exclusion of any witness in a civil action because he .is a party to or interested in the issue tried. But that clause has. merely removed all disqualifications of witnesses for interest, and does not affect the exclusion of testimony of a husband or wife upon grounds of public policy Lucas v. Brooks, 18 Wall. 436, 453, Bassett v United States, 137 U. S. 496,. 505.
Congress, on the same day, passed another act, entitled "An act relating to the law of evidence in the District of Columbia," by which it was enacted "that on the trial of any issue joined, or of any matter or question, or on any inquiry arisinin any suit; action or other proceeding in any court of justice, in the District of Columbia, or before any person having b% law, or by consent of parties, authority to hear, receive and examine evidence, within said District, the parties thereto, and the persons in whose behalf any such action or other proceeding may be brought or defended, and any and all persons in-

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
terested in the same, shall; except as hereinafter excepted, be competent and compellable to give evidence, either vva voce -or by deposition, according to the practice of the court, on behalf of either or any of the parties to said action or other proceeding- Provided, that nothing herein contained shall render any person who is charged with any offence, in any criminal proceeding, competent or compellable to give evidence for or against himself or herself, or shall render any person compellable to answer any question tending to criminate himself or herself, or shall, in any criminal proceeding, render any husband competent or compellable to give evidence for or against his wife, or any wife competent or compellable to give evidence for or against her husband; or in any proceeding instituted in consequence of adultery, nor shall any husband be compellable to disclose any communication made to him by his wife during the marriage, nor shall any wife be compellable to disclose any communication made to her by her husband during the marriage." Act of July 2, 1864, c. 222, 13 Stat. 874.
This act (except in the restriction to the District of Columbia) was taken, almost word for word, from modern English statutes,. .the first half of it (except the words "and any .and all persons interested in the same," w~ho had been made competent witnesses by the statute of 6 & 7 Viet. c. 85) from section 2' of the statute of 14 & 15 Vict. c. 99, the first two clauses of the proviso from section 3 of that statute, and the last two clauses, being those concerning husband and wife, from the statute of 16 & 17 Viet. e. 83, § 3.
The same act has been regnacted in the Revised Statutes of the District of Columbia, with hardly any 'change, except in 'substituting for the words "except as -hereinafter excepted," the words "except as provided in the following section", and in making the proviso a separate section, omitting the words, "Provided, that nothing herein contained," and- beginning -vith the words, "Nothing in the preceding section." Rev :Stat. D. 0. §§ 876, 877.
The latter part, which cpnstituted the -proviso in the act of ,1864, c. 222, and which now forms section 877 of the Revised

HOPKINS v. GRIMSHAW
Opinion of the Court.
Statutes of the District of Columbia, is upon its face, and according to its uniform construction in the couhts of the District of Columbia, not new and affirmative legislation, but wholly negative, and by way of proviso or exception out of the enactment which goes before, and therefore has no application to any cases other than those in which the husband or wife, called as a witness, is a party, in name or in fact, to the suit, or interested in it, and does not make a husband or wife, not a party to or interested in the suit, competent to testify, before or after the death of the other, to private communications between the latter and the witness. United States v. Guiteaw, 1 Mackey, 498, 547, 548, Clarkc v Zrause, 2 Mackey, 559, 572, floltzman v. Wagner, 5 Mackey, 15, 16, Beale v Brown, 6 Mackey, 574, 577. See also Barbat v Allen, 7 Exch. 609, Percivalv Ganey, 14 Jurist, 1056, 1062, 5. a., cited 7 Exch. 611, Alcoc v. Alcock, 5 De G. & Sm. 671, T7e Queen v Payne, L. R. 1 C. 0. 349, 355, The Queen v. Thompson, L. R. 1 0. 0. 377.
Stephney Forrest's widow was neither a party to nor interested in this suit, having conveyed all her interest in the subject thereof to the defendant Grimshaw before the suit was brought. Shp was therefore incompetent to testify to private &nversations between her and her husband in his lifetime, and a conversation between them in their own home, in the presence of no one but their young daugbter, who does not appear to have taken any part in it, must be deemed to be a private conversation, within the rule. Jacobs v esler, 113 Mass. 157.
The daughter herself may have been a competent witness to such a conversation. But her testimony, which amounted to no more than that she heard her father, as he left home one morning, say that he was going to the secretary of the society to get money to buy land for the society, was clearly insufficient to prove that he bought the land with money of the society, or that the society had any greater or other title, legal or equitable, than appeared to be conveyed to it by the deed made by him to, and accepted by, the trustees in its behalf. Such slight testimony to a casual remark of the

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
supposed trustee, more than forty years ago, falls far short of the clear proof required by a court of equity., whenever a trust in real estate is sought to be implied, against the terms of a deed of conveyance, by parol evidence of payment of, the price by a third person. Prevost v Gratz, 6 Wheat. 481., Slocum v ]Marshall,2 Wash. 0. 0. 397, Smith v Burnham, 3 Sumner, 435.
We are then brought to. the principal question in the case, which is of the nature and effect of the deed from Forrest to trustees for the Union Beneficial Society for a burial ground.
The first inquiry which naturally arises is whether the deed was for a charitable use, in the legal sense. If it was, the conveyance would not be open to any legal objection by reason of-the length of time during which the trust might last, or because of the society named not-being a corporation. Ould v. lVashmngton Tosvital, 95 U. S. 303, Russell v Allen, 107 U S. 163, 171. And the trustees, although the deed did not in terms run to their heirs and assigns, would take the legal estate in fee. Russell v Allen, above cited, Potter v. Couch, 141 U S. 296,309, Easterbrooksv Tillinglast,5'Gray, 17, 21.
A grant for the maintenance of a churchyard or burial ground in connection with a church or religious society, or of a public burial ground, or a burial ground of all persons of a certain race, class or neighborhood. might be considered as in the nature of a dedication for a pious and charitable use. Beatty v. Euartz, 2 Pet. 566, 583, 584, Cincznna&v. Wdite, 6 Pet. 431, 436, Jones v. Habersham,3 Woods, 443, 470, and 107 U S. 174, 183, 184, Dexter v. Gardner, 7 Allen. 243, 247, In re TFaughan, 33 Oh. D. 187.
By the act of Congress of May 5, 1870, c. 80, § 5, renacted
in the Revised Statutes of the District of Columbia, provision has been made for the voluntary incorporation of cemetery associations in the District of Columbia, and "any person or persons desiring to dedicate any lot of land, not exceeding five acres, as a burial ground or place for the interment for the dead, for the use of any society, association or neighborhood," may convey such land by deed to the District of Columbia, "speci-

HOPKINS v. GRIMSHAW
Opinon of the Court.
fying in such deed the society 5 association or neighborhood for the use of which the dedication is desired to be made, and thereby vest the title to such land in perpetuity for the
uses stated in the deed." 16 Stat. 106,107, Rev. Stat. D. C. §
594-604. But the conveyance now in question, made to private per-
sons as trustees, twenty-five years before the passage of- that act, was expressed to be "for the sole use and benefit, of the Union Beneficial Society of the City of Washington as aforesaid, for a burial ground, and for no other purpose whatever." The articles of association of that society appear to have contemplated the burial of none but its own members, and the -usage, which early sprang up, of permitting the interment in its burial ground of other inhabitants of the District of Columbia, upon the payment of certain fees, appears to have been adopted, not from any charitable motive, but as a source of private profit to the members of the association. It may be doubted whether, in the absence of express statute, the burial ground of such a society can be held to be a public charitable use. See King v. Parker, 9 Cush. 7V; -Donnelly v. Boston Catholic Cemetery, 146 Mass. 163, Anon., 3 Atk. 277, Pease v Patthnson,32 Ch. D. 154, Cunnack v. Edwards, (1896) 2 Ch. 679, In re Buck, (1896) 2 Ch. 727.
If it be assumed, however, as most favorable to the defendant, that this deed created a charitable trust, it was not a grant indicating a general charitable purpose and pointing out the mode of carrying that purpose into effect, thus coming within: the class of cases in which courts of chancery, when the particular mode bad failed, have carried -out the general purpose. Mormon Church v United States, 136 U. S. 1, 51-60, Jackson v. Phillips, 14 Allen, 539. But the trust was restricted, in plain and unequivocal terms, to the particular society to be benefited, as well as to the purpose of a burial ground, adding (as if to put the matter beyond doubt) "and for no other purpose whatever." The trust would end, therefore, at the latest, when the land ceased to be used as a burial ground and the society was dissolved. Easterbrook v [illinghast,above cited, Reed v. Stotgfer, 56 Maryland, 236, 254, Second Unversalist
VOL. CLXv-23

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the CourL
Socely v Dugan, 65 Maryland, 460, In1 re Rymer, (1895) 1 Oh. 19, 31, 32.
In Easterlrooks v. Tillinghast, above cited, an inhabitant of a town devised land to a trustee named, and his successors to be appointed as provided in the will, in trust to apply the mcome in support of the gospel and maintenance of a pastor or elder in a church already existing in the town, of a certain faith and practice, so long as the members of that church "or their successors shall maintain the visibility of a church in said faith and order, and uniting in fellowship and communion with those who hold and practise said principles, and no others." Three years after the testator's death, the members of the 6hurch, reduced to two in number, voted and resolved, at a meeting called by public notice, that they would no longer endeavor to maintain the appearance of a visible church, and declared the church dissolved and extinct. The Supreme Judicial Cotrt of Massachusetts, speaking by Mr. Justice Metcalf, decided that the trustee took an estate in fee, but that, the church having been dissolved, and having ceased to be a visible church, he held the land for the devisor's heirs at law as a restflting trust. 5 Gray, 21.
In Rawson v. Uxbrzdge, 7 Allen, 125, cited by the defendant, the deed was to a town of land already, as the deed recited, "being improved for a burying place," habendum "to the said town of -Uxbridge forever, to their only proper use, benefit and behoof, for -a burying place forever." There were no such negative words, as in the deed now before us, "and for no other purpose whatever", the action was at law, and the only question argued or considered was whether the deed created an estate upon condition subsequent. While deciding that it did not, Chief Justice Bigelow said "If it be asked whether the law will give any force to the words in a deed, which declare that the grant is made for a specific purpose, or to accomplish a particular object, the answer is, that they may, if properly expressed, create a confidence or trust, or amount to a covenant or agreement on the part of the grantee." 7 Allen, 130.
The somewhat similar cases of Crane v Hyde Park, 135

HOPKINS v. GRIAISHAW
Opinion of the Cour.
Mass. 147, and .M1ahonmg County v Young, 16 U. S. App. 253, also cited by the defendant, likewise turned upon a question of forfeiture for breach of a condition subsequent in a deed to a municipal corporation.
In the case at bar, the trust created by the deed having been terminated, according to its express provisions, by the land ceasing to be used as a burial ground, and the dissolution and extinction of the society for whose benefit the grant was made, there arises, by a familiar principle of equity jurisprudence, a resulting trust to the grantor and his heirs, whether his conveyance was by way of gift, or for valuable consideration. 2 Fonblanque Eq. 116, 133, and notes, 2 Story Eq. Jur. §.1199, 1200, Hill on Trustees, 113, 133, Easterbrook8v Tillinghast,and Reed v Stoiufer, above cited.
The question suggests itself whether the case at bar falls within the rule of law, known as the rule against perpetuities, by which an estate, legal or equitable, granted or devised by one person to another, which, by the terms of the instrument creating it, is not to vest until the happening of a contingency which may by possibility not occur within the period of a life or lives in being (treating a child in its mother's womb as in being) and twenty-one years afterwards, is void for remoteness, and consequently a limitation over to a third person which may possibly not take effect within the period is void, and the estate remains in the first taker. That rule does not apply to a gift to a charity, with no intervening gift to or for the benefit of a private person or corporation r.r to a contingent limitation over from one charity to another. But it does apply to a grant or devise to a charity after one to a private
person, as well as to a grant or devise to a private person, although limited over after an immediate gift to a charity Russell v Allen, 107 U. S. 163, 171 , Jones v llabersham,107 IT. S. 174, 185, ._1eArth ur v Scott, 113 U. S. 340, 381, 382, B rattle Square 6Chureh v Grant, 3 Gray, 142, Theologwai Education Society v Attorney General, 135 Mass. 285, In, re Tyler, (1891) 3 Ch.252, In.re B3owen, (1893) 2 Oh. 491.
But when there is no limitation over in the grant or devise, and the grantor or devisor, or the heirs of either, claim the

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Qpinion of the Court.
estate, not under the grant or 'devise, but because, by reason of the failure thereof, the estate, legal or equitable, as the case may be, reverts or results to him or them, the rule against perpetuities is inapplicable.
Even when the first gift is strictly upon condition subsequent, requiring an entry on the part of the grantor or devisor, or his heirs, to revest the estate in him or them, the American courts have treated their title as unaffected by the rule against perpetuities. Cowell v 8przngs Co., 100 U S. 55, Gray v. Blanchard,8 Pick. 283, Austzn v. Cambrzdgeport Partsh,21 Pick. 215, Guildv. Richaidg,16 Gray, 309; Tobey v. Moore, 130 Mass. 448, Gray on Perpetuities, §§ 304-310.
But the deed in this case is clearly, in terms and effect, a conveyance in trust, with no words apt to create a condition. Stanley v Colt, 5 Wall. 119, Barker v. Barrows, 138 Mass. 578, Attorney General v. Wax LCiandler8' Co., L. R. 6 H. L. 1. In such a case, it has been held, both in this country and in England, that, upon the failure of the trust declared in the deed, although depending upon a contingency which might not happen within the period prescribed by the rule against perpetuities, the resulting trust to the grantor and his heirs is not invalidated by the rule. Ea8terbrooks v. Tillinghast, above cited, Stone v Framsngam, 109 Mass. 303, First Unsversalist Society v. RBoZand, 155 Mass. 171, 1n re Randell, 38 Ch.D. 213, 218, 219, In re Bowen, (1893) 2 Oh. 491, 494. In 1?andell's case, Mr. Justice North said "In my opinion, a direction that in a particular event a fund shall go in the way in which the'law would make it go in the absence of such a direction, cannot be said to be an invalid gift, or contrary to the policy of the law" And in Bowen's case, Mr. Justice Sterling said "As property may be given to a charity in perpetuity, it may be given for any shorter period, however long; and the interest undisposed of, even if it cannot be the subject of a direct executory gift, may be.left to devolve as the law prescribes."
In the case at bar, our conclusions as to the effect of Forrest's deed, assuming it to be in the nature of a valid dedication for a pious and charitable use, may be summed

HOPKINS v. GRIMSHAW
Opinion of the Court.
up as follows The trustees named in the deed took the legal estate in fee. The equitable estate in fee was from the beginning, and always remained, in the grantor and his heirs. The trust declared in the deed, for a burial ground for the Union Beneficial Society, came to an end, according to its own express rest'riction and limitation, by the land ceasing to be used as a burial ground, and the dissolution of the society Thereupon, the trustees held the legal estate in fee, subject to a resulting trust to the grantor's heirs, unaffected by the rule against perpetuities,.and the legal estate of the trustees descended to their heirs, and passed by the deeds of the latter to the defendant, charged with this resulting trust.
The alternative that the trust expressed in Forrest's deed was not a charitable use, but was void as tending to create a perpetuity, and that the trustees, immediately upon the execution and delivery of the deed to them, held the land subject to a resulting trust for the grantor and his heirs, would be wholly inconsistent, with the position always taken by the defendant Grimshaw, and by the trustees and the society under whom he claims title, and could not, therefore, enure to his benefit by way of defence to this suit, on the ground of laches, or otherwise. All Forrest's heirs (except Mrs. Brooks, who had conveyed her title to the defendant Grimshaw) have joind as plaintiffs in this bill to enforce the resulting trust in their favor. Both they and Grimshaw had acted upon the theory that the deed of Forrest created a valid trust for the Union Beneficial Society The plaintiffs made no claim to the land, so long as it was used by that society for-a burial ground. And neither the trustees, nor Grimshaw claiming under them, contended that tkey took an absolute title, free from the trust expressed in Forrest's deed. The real controversy between the plaintiffs and Grimshaw -was as to the construction of the deed, and as to the duration, of the express trust therein declared for the Union Beneficial Society
The objection that the plaintiffs' only remedy is at law is unavailing. The bill, besides specifically praying that the land be decreed to have reverted to Forrest's heirs, and that

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
a partition be ordered to be made between the defendant Grimshaw, as grantee of Mrs. Brooks, one of Forrest's heirs, and the plaintiffs, his other heirs, and that the deeds to Grimshaw from the heirs of the trustees be declared to be a cloud upon the plaintiffs' title, contains a prayer for general reliefi under which the court may grant any relief justified by the facts stated in the bill and appearing in proof. Jones v. Van Doren, 130 U. S. 684, 692.
Upon the allegations of the bill, and the proofs at the hearing, the trustees named in Forrest's deed, and their heirs, and Grimshaw as grantee of the latter, took the legal title in fee, in any.aspect of the case, subject to a resulting trust for the heirs of the grantor. A resulting trust is a creature of equity, and can be enforced in a court of chancery only ilksns v Ilolman, 16 Pet. 25, 59. Moreover, the title of the plaintiffs appearing upon the allegations and proofs to be purely equitable, the bill may also be maintained for partition of the land. Act of August 15, 1876, c. 297, 19 Stat. 202, Willardv Willard, 145 U S. 116, Lucas v .King, 2 Stockton, (10 N. J Eq.) 277.
The court, having acquired jurisdiction of the bill upon both these grounds, was authorized to retain it for the purpose of administering complete relief between the parties, including the question of any allowance to which Grimshaw might be entitled for the expense incurred in the removal of the bodies from the'burial ground to other cemeteries, or upon any other account.
The decree below appears to have proceeded upon the misapprehension -that the heirs of Forrest were not entitled to any relief, unless by reason of his membership in the Union Beneficial Society
Decree reversed,and case remandedfor further proceedings. = coformsty wIth this ojpnton.

WHITNEY v. FOX.

Syllabus.

the Battp case involved no inquiry as to the respective rights

of the railroad company under the act of 1864, and of parties

making applications in due form prior to the definite location

of its road to purchase lands as mineral lands that were within

the exterior lines of its general route. Mr. Justice Field

delivered the opinion in the Buttz case, and, speaking for the

court in Barden. v. Northern, Pacific Railroad Comnany,

above cited, stated that the grant in that act excepted the

privilege of exploring for mineral lands.

For the reasons stated, we adjudge that the lands in ques-

tion were excluded from the grant of 1864 by reason of the

pendency of record, at the time of the definite location of

the plaintiff's road, of applications to purchase them as min-

eral lands, such applications being in the form prescribed by

the acts of Congress that related to such lands, and undeter-

mined when the company filed its map of definite location.

The judgment below is

Afffirmed.

WHITNEY v. FOX.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE TERRITORY OF UTAH.
No. 6S. Argued March 3, 5, 1897. -Decided April 19, 1897.
It is the ordinary rule to accept the interpretation given to a statute by the courts of the country by which it was originally adopted; but the rule is not an absolute one to be followed under all circumstances. In this case the court accepts the construction given by the Supreme Court of the Territory of Utah to a statute of that Territory disqualifying certain persons as witnesses, rather than the construction placed upon a like statute by the Supreme Court of California, although the Utah statute was apparently taken from the statute of California.
Equity will sometimes refuse relief where a shorter time than that prescribed by the statute of limitations has elapsed without suit. It ought always to do so where, as in this case, the delay in the assertion of rights is not adequately explained, and such circumstances have intervened in the condition of the adverse party as to render it unjust to him or to his estate that a court of equity should assist the plaintiff. In this case the plaintiff, seeking the aid of equity, forbore for an unreasonably long time

OCTOBER TERI, 1896.
Statement of the Case.
to assert his rights, and made no demand upon his adversary until disease had so far deprived the latter of his reason and faculties that he could not comprehend any matter of business submitted to him. His right to ask the aid of a court of equity wvas held to have been lost under the peculiar circumstances of the case.
THIs is an appeal from a judgment of the Supreme Court of the Territory of Utah, affirming a judgment in favor of the defendant in an action brought in the year 1889 in the District Court of the Third District of that Territory by the appellant Whitney against the executors of Joab Lawrence, deceased.
The object of the suit was to establish the existence of a trust in his favor in certain real estate and stock, and to have an accounting in respect of the accumulations or profits of such property.
The case made by the findings of fact is substantially as follows:
On and ppior to October 7, 1872, the plaintiff was the owner of 250 shares, and Joab Lawrence, deceased, was the owner of more than 1500 shares, of the capital stock of the Eureka Mining Company of Utah. Prior to that date the plaintiff delivered to Lawrence certificates representing his 250 shares of stock, to be disposed of by Lawrence together with the latter's own stock for their joint benefit.
At the above date Lawrence sold and disposed of to E. B. Ward of Detroit 1500 shares of his own stock and the plaintiff's 250 shares, together with 250 shares belonging to W. H. Wood. In part consideration for the sale, Lawrence received real estate in Detroit consisting of three city lots, and a building thereon, commonly known as the Mansion House, and took a deed therefor in his individual name. He also received in consideration of such sale a large amount of cash in hand, besides other property. Of the cash so received, $23,587.50 was applied-by him in taking up an indebtedness against the Eureka Mining Company. The plaintiff being the owner of one eighth of the total number of shares of stock sold to Ward by Lawrence, the latter received the above real estate and the $23,587.50 in trust for the plaintiff to the extent of an undivided one eigith interest. The balanceof the consideration received

WHITNEY v. FOX,
Statement of the Case.

by Lawrence from the sale of the stock was distributed immediately after such sale among himself, plaintiff and Wood, according to their respective interests.
In recognition of the above trust Lawrence executed and delivered to the plaintiff the declaration of trust described in the complaint, which was in these words:

"1J. N. WHITNEY:

"SALT LAKE CITY, NAov. 9th, 1872.

"This is to certify that you are entitled to one-eighth interest in the real estate, mining and rolling-mill stocks, and in the $23,587.50 of which the Eureka Mining Company of Utah are indebted to me, of the property acquired by me of E. B. Ward, of Detroit, Michigan, October 7th, less the farm of 160 acres, which was given to A. A. Griffith. I have also received of you 20 shares of Eureka stock, your one-eighth of the 160 shares which was given to Messrs. Grilfith and Mayhue.

JOAB LAWRENCE."

On November 9, 1S72, the Eureka Mining Company of Utah executed to Theodore M. Tracy, trustee, a mortgage to secure the payment of $43,587.50, Tracy taking and holding the mortgage as trustee for Lawrence, $23,587.50 of that sum representing the indebtedness of the Eureka Mining Company of Utah taken up by Lawrence, as above stated, with a portion of the proceeds of the sale of stock made to Ward, the remaining $20,000 representing an indebtedness due from the Eureka Mining Company of Utah to Lawrence individually. The mortgage was not to secure in whole or in part any indebtedness due from the company to the plaintiff or to Wood on account of services rendered by them or either of them to it. Afterwards, and prior to August 26, 1874, the mortgage was assigned by Tracy to Lawrence.
Subsequently Lawrence instituted proceedings to foreclose the mortgage, and did foreclose the equity of redemption on the property therein described, which included the mining property of the Eureka Mining Company of Utah. The decree of foreclosure was entered on July 27, 1876, and there-

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.

Statement of the Case.

after a deed of the property was duly executed to Lawrence by the United States marshal.
At the time of the foreclosure a new corporation, called the Eureka Hill Mining Company, with a capital stock of 10,000 shares, had been organized under and by virtue of the laws of the Territory of Utah, and had succeeded to the Eureka Mining Company of Utah.
On March 13, 1877, Lawrence sold and conveyed to the Eureka Hill Mining Company all his right, title and interest in and to the premises and all that he had acquired under the above mortgage and foreclosure, and in part consideration therefor received 30 per cent of the capital stock of that company, amounting to 3000 shares. He took these shares in his own name individually, and so held and retained them until his death, which took place December 28, 1888, claiming and receiving the dividends thereon, and in all respects holding and treating both the stock and dividends as his own property; nor did he at any time recognize any right or interest of the plaintiff in and to the same. The amount of dividends received on the stock at the commencement of this action amounted to $94 per share, and at the time of the hearing of the case to $124 per share.
On September 27, 1875, Lawrence wrote to Wood the following letter:

"WM. H. WOOD, Esq. - Dear Sit': I am in receipt of yours.

.Hempstead advises me that the foreclosure suit will come up

probably in October term, say about the last of the 'month.

Your interest in the mortgage is one-eighth of $25,000, $3125.

The administrators in the Ward estate have given Mr. Romeyn

notice of, the intention to amend their complaint, notwith-

standing the demurrer to the complaint was sustained and the

injunction was removed as against me. I have been spending

a great deal of money and time in endeavoring to protect the

Detroit property. I now intend going to Salt Lake early in

the month. I wish you would at once inform mewhen you

will probably be ready to go West, or will be in Salt Lake.

"Yours, &c.,

JoAB LAWRENCE."

WHITNEY v. FOX.
Statement of the Case.
And on December 26, 1875, Lawrence also wrote Wood as follows:

"Mr. Romeyn informs me under date of the 16th inst. that

the suit of Ward against Lawrence, Whitney and Wood has

been discontinued, the receiver discharged and the property

placed in my possession. The entire rents have been used up, only $317 to balance, which was paid to Romeyn.

"Yours, &c.,

LAWRENCER. "

After December 26, 1875, and until April 6, 1888, the plaintiff at no time claimed or demanded of Lawrence any portion of the mortgage property or its proceeds, or any dividends received upon it, and Lawrence never recogniied or admitted that he had any interest in the same.
On July 18, 1876, Wood wrote the plaintiff a letter, in which, among other things, he said: "When in Boston I go to the 'Silver Islet' office, and found the reports from the mine good, but no sales of any account. I will keep you posted on it, and ifa chance does cone will get you out and myself. I met Hill (of the Winnemucca) in Phil'd. How are things in Utah ? and does Lawrence and you get along? You know you and myself have about $17,000 of our money in the mortgage, beside our portion of the Detroit R. E., and if necessary, have some money left to present my claim in court for a fair and honest adjustment. It seems to me that we should commence and claim our rights very soon, by suit, if in no other way -all I wish is what is justly due me."
On March 1, 1880, Wood also wrote Whitney as follows:

"SAN FRANCISCO, March 1, 1880.
"MR. JOHN N. WHITNEY. "Dear Sir: Yours came to hand some time since and fully
noted. What course is the best to take with Lawrence to bring him to a settlement? Will the law work in this case this late day? Our claim may be good upon the Eureka in case he should wish to sell, as I have his letter saying I was interested one-eighth in the mortgage and in the Detroit prop-
VOL. CLXvi--41

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.

Statement of the Case.

erty. I think it is time something should be done, and done

promptly and fearlessly, and a full exposure made if necessary.

I am satisfied the mine cannot be sold if our claim is put ia

the right shape. I think any one can see it and think we can

claim our portion of his receipts in law. Drop me a line at

once, as I now intend to start for the East and home in about

two weeks, and :shall stop at Salt Lake City if it may be best;

find out what he intends to do. I mean Lawrence. No other

way but to take the bull by the horns; I fear him not. I

have closed in one to-day and he gave down his milk and

came to time.

"Yours in haste,

WM. II. WOOD."

This °letter was received by Whitney in due course of n'iail, and was produced by him at the trial in pursuance of a notice. The plaintiff had actual knowledge of the conveyance to the Eureka Hill Mining Company at the time it was made, as well as of the terms on which it was made, and knew as early as March, 1880, that Lawrence denied and repudiated any alleged interest or claim of his in or to any part of the 3000 shares of stock, or in the dividends that had been declared and paid upon such stock, or in any of the property mentioned in the complaint. Lawrence had received in part consideration of the conveyance to the Eureka Hill Mining Company, under date of March 13, 1877, in addition to the 3000 shares of stock, a quartz mill, and as early as the summer of 1877 the plaintiff knew that he had sold and disposed of the machinery of the mill, and was informed of the sale by Lawrence in person, but plaintiff did not then nor afterwards make any demand upon Lawrence or his representatives for any part or portion of the proceeds of that sale, nor make any inquiry as to the amount realized by him therefrom, although ignorant of its terms.
As early as 1881 the plaintiff knew that the Eureka Hill Mining Company had declared and paid a dividend of one dollar per share upon all of its capital stock, and as early as November, 1885, he had actual knowledge that that company had theretofore declared and paid dividends upon its capital stock
aggregating $54 per share, and that Lawrence had received

WHITNEY v. FOX.
Statement of the Case.
in dividends that amount per share on each and all of the 3000 shares of stock; but he never at any time prior to April 6, 1888, made any demand upon or request of Lawrence for any part or portion of the proceeds of such dividend.
From April, 1877, until some time in 1885 Lawrence resided in Salt Lake City continuously, and was rarely absent therefrom, and when absent it was only for brief periods. He returned to that city in October, 1885, and remained there until February 10, 1886. On November 1, 1886, he returned again, remaining continuously in the city until January 25, 1887. Almost weekly during the years 1877, 1878, 1879, 1880, 1881 and 1882 the plaintiff met Lawrence in that city and conversed with him, and also met him there frequently in 1883 and 1884; and in November or December, 1885, after he had received actual knowledge of the receipt by Lawrence of the dividend of $54 per share on the 3000 shares of stock, he met and conversed with Lawrence in Salt Lake City, but made no demand on or request of him for any part of such dividend.
During the latter part of the year 1887 the mind and memory of Lawrence became so impaired by disease that it was not possible for him to attend to ordinary business matters, and from that time to his death this impairment of his faculties daily increased, so that from the first of the year 1888 until his decease he was unable to comprehend any matter of business submitted to him.
On April 6, 1888, the plaintiff, knowing that for many months prior to that date Lawrence had been deprived of his reason and mental faculties, made for the first time a formal demand on him for an accounting as to his alleged interest in the stock, real estate and rents described in his complaint.
As conclusions of law from the foregoing facts the court found and decided:
That Lawrence was at the time of his death the owner, free from any and all trusts in favor of the plaintiff, of the property, both real and personal, described in the complaint;
That so far as it was sought to establish a trust in favor of the plaintiff in the real estate mentioned in the complaint, and to obtain an accounting of the rents, issues and profits thereof,

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
the cause of action was barred by the provisions of section 180 of the Code of Civil Procedure of UtahTerritory;
That the action, so far as it sought to establish a trust in favor of plaintiff in any portion of the 3000 shares of the capital stock of the Eureka Hill Mining Company, and to obtain a judgment decreeing plaintiff to be the equitable owner of part of those shares, or to any portions of the dividends declared and paid thereon, was barred by the provisions of section 201 of the Code of Civil Procedure of Utah Territory;
That the plaintiff had by his laches and inexcusable neglect and delay barred and precluded himself of and from any relief; and
That the plaintiff should have or take nothing by his suit, and the defendants should have and recover of and from the plaintiff their costs to be taxed.
In accordance with these conclusions of law, it was adjudged that the plaintiff take nothing by his suit.
Mir. Arthur Brown for appellant. Mr. J. G. Sutherlandwas on his brief.
Mr. Jeremiah.M.Wilson, for appellee. Mr. A. A. Ioehling, Jr., was on his brief.
MR. JUSTICE HARLAN, after stating the facts, delivered the opinion of the court.
At the hearing of this cause in the inferior territorial court, the first testimony offered in plaintiff's behalf was his own deposition, taken in a suit in the Supreme Court of New York, wherein he and Wood were plaintiffs and Joab Lawrence, then living, was the defendant- that case being substantially for the same cause of action presented in this case. The court ruled that Whitney's deposition could not be received except for the purpose of impeaching him, nor was his evidence in the former action admissible, he being present in court and orally testifying in this suit. This action of the court is

WHITNEY v. FOX.
Opinion of the Court.
assigned for error. But as the deposition was not made a part of and is not in the record, we cannot say that its exclusion was prejudicial to the rights of the plaintiff. Amendment of 21st Rule, 14 Wall. xii; Buckstaff v. Russell, 151 U. S. 626, 636 ; Shauer v. Alterton, 151 U. S. 607.
Whitney testified in this action on his own behalf, but the court ruled that his testimony as to any matter of fact occurring before the death of Lawrence and equally within the knowledge of both could not be received in his own behalf. Was this error? Among those who are disqualified by the statutes of Utah from being witnesses are "parties or assignors of parties to an action or proceeding, or persons in whose behalf an action or proceeding is prosecuted, against an executor or administrator upon a claim or demand against the estate of a deceased person, as to any matter of fact occurring before the death of such deceased person, and equally within the knowledge of both the witness and the deceased person." 2 Compiled Laws, Utah, 1888, Title X, c. 2, p. 427. The Supreme Court of Utah held that, under this statute, Whitney was incompetent to testify as to any fact equally within the knowledge of himself and Lawrence. It is said that the Utah statute was copied substantially from a statute of California, which declared incompetent as witnesses, "parties or assignors of parties to an action or proceeding, or persons in whose behalf an action or proceeding is prosecuted against an executor or administrator, upon a claim or demand against the estate of a deceased person as to any matter of fact occurring before the death of such deceased person." Deering's Code Civ. Proced. § 1880. The contention is that the interpretation placed by the Supreme Court of California upon the statute of that State should be followed in this case. We are referred to Myers v. Reistein, 67 California, 89,in which case the plaintiff sought a decree establishing a trust in his favor in a certain piece of land. The alleged trustee was dead when the case was heard. The court said: "We are of opinion that the witness was competent. The action was not on a claim or demand against the estate of Reinstein. The plaintiff asserted that the interest in the land sued for constituted no part of

OCTOBER TERM, 189G.
Opinion of the Court.
Reinstein's estate, but was held in trust by Reinstein for Collins or his assigns, and after his death by the defendants, his devisees and successors. The defendants asserted that no such trust existed, but that Reinstein, their devisor, held the lands as his own estate, and that they had succeeded to his right. The very question to be determined here was whether the interest sought to be recovered was a part of Reinstein's estate or not. If it was a part of his estate, then no trust existed ; he held it in trust in his lifetime, and the interest passed to his successors to the legal title, clothed with the trust. To hold that the claim or demand here attempted to be enforced was a part of the estate, and thus render the witness incompetent, would be to determine in advance the very question to be determined on the trial of the action. By so holding we would assume the very question to be tried and settled by the contestation between the parties. This we are not allowed to do."
The Supreme Court of Utah evidently entertained a different view of the Utah statute ; for the claim asserted by Whitney in this case was, in the judgment of that court, "not only a claim against an estate, but one for many thousands." The relief sought was a decree declaring Whitney to be the equitable owner of, one eighth of the Mansion House in Detroit, and entitled to the rents, issues and profits thereof, as well as to part of the 3000 shares of the stock of the Eureka Hill Mining Company, and the dividends that had theretofore been declared thereon; and that the executors of Lawrence be required, not only to account to the plaintiff for all of the said rents, issues, profits and dividends, but to convey to him an undivided one eighth interest in the real property, and assign to him a like proportion of such stock. It was also asked that a receiver be appointed to receive the dividends on the stock, and the rents, issues and profits of the realty. We cannot doubt that the claims asserted in this suit by Whitney are, within the meaning of the Utah statute, claims or demands against the estate of a deceased person, and, consequently, Lawrence being dead, Whitney was incompetent to testify to any fact touching said claims or demands that occurred be-

WHITNEY v. FOX.
Opinion of the Court.
fore Lawrence's death, and were equally within the knowledge of both Whitney and Lawrence. The Supreme Court of Utah properly rejected the suggestion that such claim or demand was not against the estate of Lawrence. To say that the only issue here was whether the real property and stock described in the petition constituted a part of Lawrence's estate, and that no claim or demand was asserted against the estate, would be to defeat what, it seems to us, was the manifest object of the statute. While, as said by this court in Coulam v. Doull, 133 U. S. 216, 233, it is the ordinary rule to accept the inter-
pretation given to a statute by the courts of the country by which it was originally adopted, the rule is not an absolute one, to be followed under all circumstances. We concur in the interpretation placed upon the Utah statute by the Supreme Court of Utah, as one required by the obvious meaning of its provisions, and we do not feel obliged, .by the above rule, to reject that interpretation because apparently the highest court of the State from which the statute was taken has, in a single decision, taken a different view. We, therefore, hold that to the extent indicated by the court below Whitney was an incompetent witness as to any fact occurring before the death of Lawrence and equally within the knowledge of both.
It remains to inquire whether the judgment was right upon the merits. The Supreme Court of the Territory held that the suit was barred upon the grounds both of laches and of the statute of limitations of Utah. The undisputed facts make a case of such gross laches upon the part of Whitney as to forfeit all right to the aid of a court of equity. Equity will sometimes refuse relief where a shorter time than that prescribed by the statute of limitations has elapsed without suit. It ought always to do so where, as in this case, the delay in the assertion of rights is not adequately explained, and such circumstances have intervened in the condition of the adverse party as render it unjust to him or to his estate that a court of equity should assist the plaintiff. It is impossible to doubt that Whitney knew, for many years, while Lawrence was in proper mental condition, that the latter did not admit,

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.

Syllabus.

but denied, that the former had any just demand against him.

But Whitney forbore to assert the rights which he now as-

serts, and although having abundant opportunity to do so,

and having, if his present claims are just, every reason for

promptness and diligence, he nevertheless slept upon his

rights and made no demand upon Lawrence until disease

had so far deprived the latter of his reason and faculties

that he could not sufficiently comprehend any matter of

business submitted to him. Under the peculiar circum-

stances of this case, the court below rightly held that the

plaintiff's laches cut him off from any relief in equity. Bad-

ger v. Badger, 2 Wall. 87, 95; Hayward v. Vational Bank,

96 U. S. 611, 617; Godden v. Eimnmell, 99 U. S. 201 ; Lands-

dale v. Smith, 106 U. S. 391; Speidel v. Henrici,120 U. S. 377;

Richards v. Mackall, 124 U. S. 183, 188; Mac/call v. Casilear,

137 U. S. 556, 566 ; Kam mond v. flopkins, 143 U.. S.. 224, 250,

274. In this view, it is unnecessary to consider whether the

plaintiff's causes of action were barred by the statute of

limitation.

The judgment is

A4ffirmed.

The case Qf Wood v. Fox, Surviving Executor of Lawrence, No. 56, on appeal from the Supreme Court of the Territory of Utah, was argued with No. 68 by the same counsel, and depends upon the same facts as appear in the above case, and for the reasons stated in the opinion in that case the judgment is
Affirmed.

OXLEY STAVE COMPANY v.- BUTLER COUNTY.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF MISSOURI.
No. 221. Argued March 19, 1897. Decided April 19, 1697.
This court cannot review the final judgment of the highest court of a State even if it denied some title, right, privilege or immunity of the unsuccessful party, unless it appear from the record that such title, right, privilege qr immunity was "specially set up or claimed" in the state court as be-

OCTOBER TERMf, 1896.
Statement of the Case.
ing that where an officer is suspended from duty he is not entitled to emoluments or allowances. Urnted Slate v. Phsterer,94 U. S. 219.
We have felt constrained to, at least briefly, consider the several propositions urged upon us with so much zeal and ability on behalf of the appellant, though we might well ,have contented ourselves with a reference to the able and elaborate opinion of the Court of Claims delivered by Justice Nott. 28 C. C1. 173.
As we have reached the conclusion that the court-martial in question was duly convened and organized, and that the questions decided were within its lawful scope of action, it would be out of place for us to express any opinion on the propriety of the action of that court in its proceedings and sentence. If, indeed, as has been strenuously urged, the appellant v as harshly dealt with, and a sentence of undue severity was finally imposed, the remedy must be found elsewhere than in the courts of law
The decree of the Court of Claims .is Affirmed.
DE VAUGHN v. HUTCHINSON.
APPEAL FROM THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No.114. Argued October80, 1896.--:Dbdded March 1,1802'.
This court looks to the law of the State in which land is situated for the rules which'govern its descent, alienation and transfer, and for the effect and construction of wills and other conveyances; and in the District of Columbia those rules are the rules whieh governed in Maryland at the time when the District was separated fro it.
Under a will devising real estate in. the District of Columbia to M. A. M. during her natural life, and after her death to be equally divided among the heirs of her body begotten, share and share alike, and to their heirs and aasgns -forever, M. A. M. takes a life estate only, and her children takb an estate in fee.
SAMUEL De Vaughn, a resident of the District of Columbia, died on the 5th day of July, 1867, leaving a last will and

DE VAUGHN v. HUTCHINSON.
Statement of the Case.
testament dated April 20, 1861. This will was admitted to probate September 1, 1867, and was, as to those of its provisions which are involved in the present litigation, as follows
"I give and bequeath unto my sister, Susan Brayfeld, all my personal property of whatever description.
"Item. I give and devise unto my sister Susan Brayfield the whole square four hundred and eighty-three aiid improvements, also lots twenty, twenty-one and part of lot twentytwo ia square three hundred and seventy-eight, situated in the city of Washington, during her natural life, and at her death to her daughters Mary Rebecca Brayfield, Catharine Sophia Harrison and Martha Ann Mitchell, to be divided in the following manner, that is to say Martha Ann shall have one half of lot tventy, as subdivided, being seventy-three feet deep, having on the same two houses. To Catharine Sophia, the other half (being the east half) of said lot twenty, having also on the same two houses, and Mary Rebecca shall have the corner store situated on lot twenfty-one. Catharme Sdphia shall have the two houses next south of said corner store on said lot twenty-one, and Martha Ann shall have the next two houses south' of the two to Catharine Sophia, and adjoining. the same on said lot twenty-one, and Mary Rebecca shall have the whole of that part of lot twenty-two, as subdivided from lot twenty and improvements, during their natural lives, and after their death to their heirs begotten of their bodies, and to theii heirs and assigns forever.
"I also desire that square four hundred and eighty-three shall be subdivided at the death of my sister Susan Brayfield, and distributed as follows Mary Rebecca Brayfield shall have the whole front on K street, ninety feet deep to a ten-foot alley, which comprises lots one and two, with all improvements on the same. Martha Ann Mitchell shall have ninety feet on Sixth street, running that breadth through the square to Fifth street, and Catharine Sophia Harrison shall have the remainder north portion of said square 'four hundre4 and eightythree, during their natural livesi and at their death to be equally divided among the heirs of their bodiesbegotten, share and share alike, and to their heirs and assigns forever.

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Statement of the Case.
"Item. I give and devise to Mary Rebecca Brayfield the east part of lot nineteen, in square three hundred, and seventyeight, and all improvements on said lot, front and rear, during her natural life, and after her death to her heirs and assigns forever.
"Item. I give and devise to Catharine Sophia Harrison the east part of lot seventeen, in square three hundred and seventy-eight; including all improvements, and also that part as subdivided in the rear in said square, during her natural life, and after her death to the heirs of her body begotten, and to their heirs and assigns forever.
"Item. I give and devise to Martha Ann Mitchell, daughter of Susan Brayfield, the west part of lot eighteen in square three hundred and seventy-eight, and all Improvements, including that part as subdivided in the rear on said square, and to her heirs and assigns forever.
"I give and bequeath to my mother fluring her natural life, out of the rents of 'lots No. twenty, twenty-one and part of twenty-two, in square three hundred and seventy-eight, and also the whole of square four hundred and eighty-three, devised to my sister Susan Brayfield, the sum of twenty-five dollars per month, or, if properly provided for by my said sister, then only five dollars per month for her own use as she may think proper.
"Item. I give and devise to my brother John De Vaughu, in square four hundred and eight, lot D and parts of lots five in square four hundred and five, and lot two in square four hundred and eighty-seven, and all improvements, also lot eleven in square five hundred and seventeen, lots four and five rn square four andftve in square seven hundred and eighty-five, and to his heirs and assigns forever. All of which property is situated in the city of Washington, District of Columbia.
"Item. I give and devise to my brother William De Vaughn, of the city of Alexandria, State of Virginia, lot three in square one thousand and ninety-five, lot one in square six hundred and seventy-seven, lot four. in square forty-four, lot two in square one hundred and twenty-nie. ALo lots B, 0, D, F and G in square forty-three, all lying and being in the city

DE VAUGHN v. HUTCHINSON.

'569

Statement of the Case.

of Washington and District of Columbia, also the house and lot on Henry street in the city of Alexandria, State of Virginia, and to his heirs and assigns forever."
Martha Ann Mitchell, one of the devisees named in the will, died in the year 1866, before the death of the testator, Samuel De Vaughn, leaving as her only children and heirs at law Benjamin D. Mitchell, Richard R. Mitchell and Sarah W Hutohinson. Mrs. Susan Brayfield, the tenant for life, died in December, 1891.
In May, 1892, James H. De Vaughn, Emily De Vaughn and Rebecca J Kirk, as heirs at law of Samuel De Vaughn, brought, in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, a bill in equity against William H. De Vaughn and others, also heirs at law of Samuel De Vaughn. The purpose of the bill was to have a declaration that by reason of the decease of Martha
Ann Mitchell during the lifetime of the testator the devise to her lapsed and became void, and that thereupon, upon the death of the testator and of Susan Brayfield, the real estate described in said devises became vested in the heirs at law of the said testator as if the said testator had died intestate as to said real estate and, upon such declaration, that the said real estate should be sold and the proceeds of such sale should be distributed among. the parties lawfully entitled thereto as heirs at law of the said Samuel De Vaughn.
To this bill appeared Benjamin D. V Mitchell and others, the children of the said Martha Ann Mitchell, who were living at the death of the said testator, and who filed a demurrer to said bill. Upon argument in the Supreme. Court of the District of Columbia, the demurrer was sustained, and, the complainants electing to stand on their said bill, a final decree was entered, dismissing the bill and awarding an
account of rents and profits. From this decree an appeal was taken to the general term,
but the cause was thereafter transferred to and heard in the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia, and oil April 2, 1894, the decree of the Suprbme Court was affirmed. From the decree of the Court of Appeals an appeal was duly prayed and allowed to this court.

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.

Opinion of the Court.
21r H. 0 Claug7iton for appellants. Mr Chapzn Brown was on his brief.

2&' Jeremsah -. Wilson for appellees. ling, Jr., was on his brief.

,r A. A. Hoch-

MR. JUSTICE SHIRAS, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.

It is a principle firmly established that to the law of the State in which the land is situated we must look for the rules which govern its descent, alienation and transfer, and for the effect and construction of wills and other conveyances. Unated States v Cro.zby, 7 Cranch, 115, Clark v Graham, 6 Wheat. 577, il'cGoon, v. Scales, 9 Wall. 23, Brzne v. Insurance Co., 96 U S. 627.
Accordingly, in the present case, we are relieved from a consideration of the innumerable cases in which the courts in England and in the several States of this Union have dealt with the origin and application of the rule in Sheley's case. We have only to do with that famous rule as expounded and applied by the courts of Maryland while the land in question -formed part of the territory of that State, and to further inquire whether, since the cession of the lands forming the District of Columbia, there has been any change in the law by legislation of Congress.
We learn from the reported cases that the rule, as established in the jurisprudence of England before the American Revolution, was introduced into Maryland as part of the common law, and has been constantly recognized and enforced by the courts of that State. Home v Lyeth, 4 Har. & Johns. 431, Ware v. 1ickardson, 3 Maryland, 505, Shreve v. Shreve, 43 Maryland, 382, Dzckson v. Satterfield, 53 Maryland, 317 Hlalstead v. Hall, 60 Maryland, 209.
But we also learn from those cases and o .- Maryland cases that might be cited, that though the rule is recog nized as one of property, yet if there are explanatory and qualifying expressions, from which it appears that the im-

DE VAUGHN v. HUTCHINSON.
Opimon of the Court.
port of the technical language is. contrary to the clear and plain intent of the testator, the former must yield and the latter will prevail.
Thus in the case of Shreve v Shre. e, 43 Maryland, 389, where there was a devise to named children of the testator, for and during their natural lives, and on the death of said children, or either of them, to his or her issue lawfully begotten, and their heirs or assigns forever, it was held that the word issue used in the clause cited was a word of purchase, and in the opinion it was said "Again, there are words of limitation superadded to the gift to the issue, it is to them and thei heirs forever. Now in the well-known case of Luddington v Hime, 1 Ld. Iaym. 203, the devise was in ve-1,y nearly the same terms, vIz., to A for life without impeachment of waste, and in case he should leaye any -ssue male, then to such issue male and hqs heirs forever, with a limitation over in deiault of such issue, and the,court held the testator intended the word zssue should be desgnatzwopersonce, and not a word of limitation, ' because he added afrtherlimitatiwn, to the -issue, viz., and to the heirs of such issue forever' The principle deduced from this case is thus stated in Cruise's Digest, vol. 6, (3d Am. ed.) page 259 ' Where an estate is devised to a person for life, with remainder to his issue, with words of limitation added, the word "issue" will in that case be construed to be a word of purchase."'
The court, in Shreve v Shreve, 43 Maryland, 382, 397, took notice of the fact that the case of Luddington v Hime has been doubted, particularly by Powell in his learned work on Devises, but the Maryland court adds
"But these views (of Powell) do not appear to have been adopted at least by the most recent English decisions, for in Golde?' v. Cropy, 5 Jurist, N. S. 562, where a testator devised property to his daughter for life, and after her death to the issue of her body lawfully begotten, to hold to them and their heirs forever as tenants in common, and in default of such issue then over, it was held, the daughter took but a life estate. That case was decided by Sir J Romilly, M. R., and his opinion is thus briefly and emphatically expressed 'I have always considered that where an estate is given to

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
the ancestor, and there is a direction that it is afterwards to go to the issue of his body, and the mode in which the issue are to take is specified, with words added giving them the absolute interest, there the ancestor takes an estate for life and not an estate tail, although there is a devise over in the event of the ancestor not having any issue. No one can doubt that the word ,sue is here used as equivalent to children. I am of opinion the daughter takes an estate for life, and that her issue take as purchasers an estate in fee simple as tenants in coin non.'
"So in the still more recent case of Bradly v. Cortwright, L. R. 9 C. P 511, it was held that. where an estate is given for life and the remainder to the issue is accompanied by -words of distribution and by words which would convey an -estate in fee or in tail to the issue, the estate of the first taker is limited to an estate for life, and that, whether the estate is given in fee to the issue by the usual technical words, heirs- of the body, or by implication.
"It may be stated by Mr. Powell, that subsequent decisions in England have in effect overruled 1Izuddington v 12ine, and that at the present time the will before us would receive a different construction in the English courts, but we have been referred to no decision in this country, nor are we aware of any, in which that case has been overruled or its authority questioned. It is, with others, cited by Chancellor Kent, as authority for the position that where the testator superadds words of explanation, or fresh words of limitation, and a new inheritance is grafted upon the heirs to whom he gives the estate, the case will be withdrawn from the operation of the rule. 4 Kent's Com. 221. It meets an approving reference in the very able opinion of Yeates, J., in Findlay v. Riddle, 3 Binney, 156, where there was a devise to it for life, and if lie died leaving lawful issue, to his heirs as tenants.in common and their respective heirs and assigns, and the court held that A took only an estate for life with a contingent remainder to his heirs.
"But what is more important to the decision of this case is the fact that the doctrine of Luddington v M'Tme, and other

DE VAUGHN v. HUTCHINSON.
Opinion of the Court.
similar cases, has been repeatedly recognized and approved by the courts of this State. Thus in forne v Lyeti, 4 H. & J 435, a case which Chancellor Kent cites as containuig a learned and accurate exposition of the rule under all its modifications ana exceptions, we find an exceppion to its operation thus stated 'So where the persons to take cannot take as heirs by the description by reason of a distributive direction incompatible with a course of descent, as where gavelkind lands were devised to A and the heirs of her body lawfully to be begotten, as well males and females, and to their hen's and a8signsforever, to be equally divided between them, share( and share alike as tenants in common and not as joint tenants, in this case it was held that the words heirs of the body did not operate as words of limitation because they were corrected or explained by the words which followed, and were irreconcilable with the notion of descent, and also because there were words of fee engrafted -n the words of limttation, which showed that the estates given to the children and not the; estate of A were to be the groundwork of succession of heirs, or in other words that the children of it were to be the termniz, for the succession to take its course from.'
"Again, in Lyee v. Dzggs, 6 H. & J 373, we find approval of Backhouse v Wlells (another case that Mr. Powell insists has been overruled in England), in reference to which the court say 'The devise was to oae for life, and after his decease to the issue male of his body, and to the heirs male of the bodies of such issue, and the first taker was held to have only an estate for life, the word 'issue not being ex viv termznz. a word of limitation, and the words of limitation grafted upon it, as in this case, showing that it was used as a word of purchase and as descriptive of tne person who was to. take the estate tail.'
"In Chelton v. Henderson, 9 Gill, 432, the testator devised land to his son for life, and if he should have lawful issue of his body, then such issue, after the son's death, to have the land in fee tail, and if the son died without such issue, then over, and it was held that the son took but a life estate. In the opinion prepared by Judge Magruder in that case, which

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
is reported in a note to Simpers v impiers, 15 Maryland, 191, he says 'In the case now to be decided there are words superadded to the word issue quite sufficient to give them the inheritance, and the law is, that where an estate is devised to a person for life, with remainder to his issue, with words of limitation superadded, the word issue will, in that case, be construed to be a word of purchase, which is the doctrine of Luddingtonr v. Hime, cited from Cruise's Digest.'
"After this repeated and recent recognition by our predecessors of this rule of construction derived from Luddington v nme, and other like cases in the earlier English reports, we are constrained to hold that it applies to and governs that part of that clause of this will, which we have thus far considered, even though we may be of opinion a different construction would be given to it by the courts of England. Having thus determined the word -issue is here used as a word of purchase, it is clear it must bear the same construction when used in the immediately following sentence, 'and if any of said children shall die without issue lawfully begotten, I give, devise and bequeath his or her portion to the surviving child or children and their issue and to the heirs of said issue forever.' In other words, the portion given to each child for life, goes in case-he dies without leaving children in the same way as the original share, that is, to the surviving children for life, and upon their death to their issue in fee."
We have extracted such large portions of the opinion in this case of Shkreve v Shreve because it plainly shows that the will before us in the present case would have been construed by the Supreme Court of the State of Maryland as creating a life estate only in Martha Ann :Mitchell and an estate in fee in the heirs of her body begotten. It is true that the words in Shreve'v. Shreve were 'ssuelawfully begotten, but the case of Hvrne v Eyeth (4 11. & J 435) is approved, where the words "the heirs of her body lawfully to be begotten," were similarly construed.
In Clark v Smith, 49 Maryland, 106, 117, the court, by Alvey, J., stated the rule as follows
"It is a well-settled rule of construction, that techmcal

DE VAUGHN v. HUTCHINSOIN.
Opinion of the Court.
words of limitation used in a devise, such as ' heirs' generally, or ' heirs of the body,' shall be allowed their legal effect, unless, from subsequent inconsistent words it is made perfectly plain that the testator meant otherwise. Or, to use the language of Lord Eldon, in Wi-ight v Jesson, 2 Bligh, 1, the words 'heirs of the body' will indeed yield to a particular intent that the estate shall be only for life, and that may be from the effect of superadded words, or any expression showing the particular intent of the testator, but they must be clearly intelligible and unequivocal."
Though these decisions were made since the lands in question in this case became part of the District of Columbia, yet their reasoning is based upon the history of the law in Maryland ever since that State became independent, and we are therefore warranted in the conclusion that the law as laid down in the cited cases was the law when the State of Maryland ceded to the United States the territory now embraced in the city of Washington and District of Columbia.
It is not claimed that there has been any legislation by the Congress of the United States which has modified or changed the law in this particular as it was when the lands in question were subject to the law of Maryland.
Nor do we find that there has been any attempt by the courts of the District to lay down a different rule. What is the law -of those courts we learn from the opinion of the Court of Appeals filed in this case, reported in De Vaughn v. De Taughn, 3 D. 0. App. 50, where the doctrine was thus stated
"It is certainly a well-settled principle in the law of real property, indeed as well settled as the rule in Shelley's ease itself, that where an estate is expressly.devised to a person for life, with remainder to the 7wers of lIre body, and there are words of explanation annexed to such word liewrs, from whence it may be collected that the testator meant to qualify the meaning of the word hers, and not to use it in a technical sense, but as descriptive of the person or persons to whom he intended to give his estate, after the death of the first devisee, the word hevrs will, in such case, operate as word of purchase."

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
As this opinion was delivered by a judge who was but recently the chief justice of the Court-of Appeals of Maryland, it may not be out of place to quote what he says respecting the law of that State
"In the courts of Maryland, where the law of real property is supposed to be the same as that which prevails in this District, except as it may have been changed by positive legislation since the cession by that State, the same principle of construction has been fully recognized and applied in numerous cases. This will clearly appear upon examination of the cases of Borne v Lyeth, 4 H. & J 435, (helton v. Renderson, 9 Gill, 432, Shreve v. Shreve, 43 Maryland, 382, Fallon v Harman, 44 Maryland, 263, and Glarkv Smith, 49 Miryland, 117."
The case of Danel v. WTiartenby, 17 Wall. 639, was cited by the court below, and is discussed in the briefs of the respective counsel. The syllabus of the case is as follows
"A testator gave his estate, both real and personal, to his son IR.T., 'during his natural life, and after his death to his issue, by him lawfully begotten of his body, to such issue, their heirs and assigns forever.' In case R. T. should die without lawful issue, then, in that case, he devised the estate to his own widow and two sisters 'during the natural life of each of them, and to thesurvivor of them,' and after the death of all of them to J W., his heirs and assigns forever, with some provisions in case of the death of J W during the life of the widow and sisters. Eeld, that the rule in Shelley's case did not apply, and that the estate in R. T., the first taken, was not a fee-tail, but was an estate Tor life, _with remainder in fee to the issue of his body, contingent upon the birth of such issue, and in default of such issue remainder for life to his widow and two sisters, with remainder over in fee, after their death, to J W"
This case came up on a writ of error to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Delaware, and it is noticeable that the reasoning of this court did not proceed upon the law as expounded by the courts of that State, but rather upon a general view of the English and American cases. Still, as the judgment of the Circuit Court was

DE VAUGHN v,. HUTCHINSON.
Opinion of the Court.
affirmed, we may well suppose that the conclusion reached in this court was in conformity with the law as applied in the State of Delaware.
The rule extracted from the cases was thus stated by Mr. Justice Swayne
"In considering it [the rule in Shelley'8 ca8eJ with reference to the present case a few cardinal principles, as well settled as the rule itself, must be kept in view In construing wills, where the question of its application arises, the intention of the testator must be fully carried out, so far as it can be done consistently with the rules of law, but no further. The meaning of this is that if the testator has used technical language, which brings the case within the rule, a declaration, however positive, that the rule shall not apply, or that the estate of the ancestor shall not continue beyond the primary express limitation, or that his heirs shall take by purchase and not by descent, will be unavailing to exclude the rule and cannot affect the result. But if there are explanatory and qualifying expressions, from which it appears that the import of the technical language is contrary to the clear and plain intent of the testator, the former must yield and the latter will prevail."
And, after examining the language used, the conclusion was thus expressed
"We entertain no doubt that the testator intended to give a life estate only to Richard, and a fee simple to his issue, and that they should be the spriughead of a new and independent stream of descents. We find nothing in the law of the case which prevents our giving effect to that intent."
We agree with the court below that the reasoning of the case of Daniel v. Whartcnby, 17 Wall. 639, if applicable to the present case, would sustain the construction put upon the will of Samuel De Vaughn by the Supreme Court of the District.
But even if that case be regarded as declaratory only of the law of Delaware, its principles were followed and applied in the subsequent case of Green v Green, 23 Wall. 486, involving the construction of a conveyance of lands situated in the District of Columbia, and where the cases of Dansel v War-
Vo... CLXV-37

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.

Syllabus.

tenby, 17 Maryland, 639, and Ware v. Richardson, 3 Maryland,

505, were both approved.

We, therefore, think it clear that, under the law as declared

in the courts of Maryland and of the District of Columbia,

Martha Ann Mitchell took a life estate only, and that her

children took an estate in fee.

In the view that we have taken of the case we are not

called upon to reinforce the reasoning of the cases cited, but

we shall add a single observation, in application of Chan-

cellor Kent's statement of an exception to the rule. 4 Kent's

Com. (6th ed.) 221. The word "heirs," in order to be a word

of limitation, must include all the persons in all generations

belonging to the class designated by the law as "heirs." But

the devise here was to Martha Ann for life, and at her decease

to her heirs begotten of her body and to.thezr heirs and as-

signs - a restricted class of heirs - and this limitation shows

that it was the intention of the testator that Martha Ann's

children should become the root of a new succession, and take

as purchasers and not as heirs.

The decree of the court below is

Afflrned.

ALLGEYER v. LOUISIANA.

ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF LOUISILWA. No. 446. ,tubmitted January 6, 169T. -Decided March i, 1897.

The provision in act No. 66 of the Loui ana laws of 1894 that any person,

firm or corporation

who in any manner whatever does an act in

that State to effect, for himself or for another, insurance on property

then in that State, in any marine insbrance company which has not coin-

plied in all respects with the laws of the State, shall be subject to a flie,

etc., when applied to a contract of insurance made in the State of New

York, with an insurance company of that State, where the premiums

were paid, and where.the losses were to be paid, is a violation of the

Constitution of the United States.

Iooperv. Californca, 155 U. S.648, distinguished from this case; and it is

further held that, by the decision in this case it is not intended to

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Syllabus.
others, and preparing to take advantage of them. What is gained at law by a person of this description equity will not take from him; but it does not follow that equity will aid his views.'"
Without, therefore, determining whether the selection and certification of these lands was absolutely void or simplv voidable at the election of the Government, or valid and beyond any right of challenge on the part of the Governmenft or an" one else, we are of the opinion that equity will not hell) the plaintiff in his suit, and the decree of the Court of Appeals is
.Ajjirnied.

GLOVER v. PATTEN.

APPEAL FROM TIMi

COURT OF APPEALS O0 'lHE COLUMBIA.

DISTRICT OF

No. 78. Argued January 5, 6, 1,,9s. - Decided February 15, 1897.
An infant may affirm a contract or settlement made for her benefit, like the one here in controversy, and may sue upon it as if she were originally a party to it.
In a suit by children to establish their rights as creditors of the estate of their deceasedmother other creditors .are not necessary parties, as the executors or administrators represent them and guard their interests.
The bill in this case, fled by direction of the orphans' court to obtain the advice of a court of chancery upon the rights of the respective parties, discloses on its face a good cause of action in equity.
That cause of action is not barred by the Maryland statute of limitations, still in force in the District of Columbia.
Where a parent, being a debtor to his child, makes an advancement to the child, it is presumed to be a satisfaction pro tanto of the debt.
In a suit between devisees under a will, statements made by the deceased to counsel respecting theexecution of the will, or other similar document, are not privileged.
The objection that the complainants were incompetent to testify as to thei r mother's statements, and- as to transactions in which she took part is entitled to.some weight and is not free-from doubt; but such testimony is not indispensable'to the maintenance of the complainants' bill.
The general bequest to her daughters in the mother's will was not an extinguishment of her debt to them.
No interest should be allowed prior to the mother's death.

GLOVER v. PATTEN.
Statement of the Case.
Tis was a bill in equity filed in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia.by Mary E. Patten, Josephine A. Patten, Edith Patten and, Helen Patten, against their sister, Augusta P Glover, wife of John M. Glover, in aid of the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court as an orphans' court, to construe the will of their mother, Anastasia Patten, and to charge the estate with certain claims of the complainants prior to a general distribution of the assets.
The facts of the case are substantially as follows Complainants and defendant Augusta P Glover are the five daughters of Edmund Patten, late of the State of Nevada, deceased, and of Anastasia Patten, who, after her husband's death, took up her residence in Washington and died September 11. 1888, leaving a will executed in San Francisco December 23, 1879.
Edmund Patten, her husband, died November 16, 1872, intestate, his widow becoming his adnuistratrix, and also the guardian of each of his children, all of whom were then, and for some years continued to be, minors under the age of twenty-one years. By the law of Nevada, Mrs. Patten became entitled, upon her husband's death, to one half his estate, the other half descending to his children. As administratrix and guardian, she took possessibn of the entire estate, and retained the same down to the time of her death. She made no accounting either as administratrix or guardian, nor did she keep any regular accounts or preserve her vouchers.
In September, 1885, apparently because of a desire on the part of the sureties on her bond, or some of them, to have her accounts settled, Mrs. Patten undertook to adjust her indebtedness to her children. She called in the services of Curtis J Hillyer, a friend of her husband and herself, and the result was the preparation of the following document intended to take the place of a formal account and vouchers
"Whereas our mother, Anastasia Patten, as guardian for us, received in the years 1873-'4-5, certain amounts of money, being our portion by inheritance of the estate of our deceased father; and whereas no special separate investments of the

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.

Statement of the Case.

money so received- have been made by our said guardian, but tne same has been by her kept and safely invested in connee tion with moneys belonging to her in her own right derived from the said estate, and whereas our said guardian has up to the present- date had entire charge of pur maintenance and education, and has during the past thirteen "ears incurred large amount, of family expenses for our benefit, of which expenses no account has been kept by her, and whereas we and our said guardian are now desirous of settling the accoun. between us in a just and equitable manner without attempting to secure technical accuracy in such settlement, and whereas our said mother and guardian has submitted to us for inspec tion all accounts and papers in her possession touching rn relating to the receipts and disbursements entering into such accounting, and we have personally general knowledge concerning the family expenses during said period, and whereas from such examination and knowledge we believe that by a payment to each of us by our said guardian of the sum of $101,600 an equitable settlement will be made and full justice done to each of fis
"Now. therefore, each of us for herself agrees to accept the said sum of $101,600 in full and complete settlement of nil accounts, claims and demands between us and each of us and our said mother and guardian, and in full satisfaction of all
laims and demands of whatever character arising out of or connected with the administration of said estate or the said relation of guardian and ward, and each of us for herself authorizes and requests that upon presentation of this agreement and a receipt for the above amount the court having jurisdiction thereof will, without further investigation of accounts so far as they concern either of us, pass the final aceounts of -Vir mother as administratrix and guardian, and by proper decre. discharge those liable as bondsmen for her Pcuon in either

capacity" "(Signed)

IM:&Y ELLEN PATEN.

KATHERINE-AUGUSTA PArEN.

JOSEPHINE ANTOINEnr!E PATTEN.

EDITH PArrT ."

GLOVER v. PATTEN.
Statement of the Case.
This paper was signed by all the complainants except Helen and by the defendant Augusta. Helen being then a minor did not sign it, but subsequently adopted and accepted the adjustment and settlement evidenced by the paper.
This pape, was never presented by Mrs. Patten to the proper court, and it, was in her possession when she died. She,did not at that time pay to her children, or any of them, the sum therein mentioned in settlement of her indebtedness to them, but subsequently and in February, 1887, when her daughter Augusta was on the point of marrying her husband,
ohn M. Glover, she assigned and transferred to her United States government bonds of the par value of $80,000 and the actual value of $102,800, with the benefit of the interest accruing thereon since the preceding 1st day of January Then Augusta maried and left her mother's home.
.Mrs. Patten did not at that tune pay or give her other daughters anythine on account of her indebtedness to them In the following autumn, however, namely, on October 15, 1897, she made for them and in their names an investment of th sum of %,4,000,being at the rate of $11,250 for each, which the complainants claimed to have been a payment on account of her indebtedness to thtm. Itwas undisputed that the interest on this investment, from the time it was made until Mrs. Patten's death and thereafter, was always deposited in bank to the credit of the appellees and for their account.
Within a year after this transaction, namely, on September 11. 1688, Mrs. Patten died, without having done anything further towards settling her accounts as administratrix or guardian or paying her indebtedness to the appellees. It was found that she had left a will bearing date December 22, 1879, some seven years after her husband's death, and nearly six veam before the preparation and execution of the lapur in September, 1885.
By the terms'of this will, Mrs. Patten devised and bequeathed
t he ,hole of her estate, subject to '$45,000 in legacies. to her tivc daughter, ,)nd named as her executrices such of them as wight have attine?, the age of majority at the time of her .a.th and who should not be otherwise incapacitated to

OCTOBER TERN, 1896.
Statement of the Case.
undertake the trust. By virtue of the latter provision all of the daughters were appointed and qualified in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, as executrices, but as the will was executed in the presence of two witnesses only, it was invalid to pass real estate situate in the District of Columbia, and as the greater part of Mrs. Patten's estate at the time of her death consisted of such real estate, it descended to her daughters, as though she had died intestate,
The daughters having all qualified as executrices, and hay ing entered upon the discharge of their duties, the appellees, claumngto be creditors of the estate of which they were also executrices, -presented to the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia a petition, wherein after reciting the indebtedness of Mrs. Patten to all of her daughters, including Mrs. Glover, by reason of her guardianship, alleged that in September, 1885, the amount of her indebtedness was adjusted, settled and deiermiued by mutual agreement (except as to Helen), evidenced by the paper writing of that month hereinbefore set forth, that Helen, being fully advised in the premises, adopted and accepted the said agreement and settlement, that by virtue of the premises Mrs. Patten became and was indebted to each of the petitioners and to Mrs. Glover, as of that date, in the sum of $101,600, that on February 1-7, 1887, as of January 1, 1887, Mrs. Patten paid on account of her indebtedness to Mrs. Glover $102,800, by transferring to her bonds of the United States, that afterwards Mrs. Patten paid each of the petitioners on account the sum of $11,250, and that by virtue of the premises the estate of Mrs. Patten stood indebted accordingly, but, as the petitioners were advised that they mght not retain for their claims, unless passed by the court, they accordingly in their petition prayed the court to pass upon and authorize the payment of the same.
To this petition Mrs. Glover, the remaining executrix, appeared and filed an answer, admitting the inheritanco by her and the complainants of the estate aforesaid from their father, and set forth in substance that the said testatrix did become guardian of the complainants and said defendant, as alleged, and did receive their said estate aforesaid as such guardian,

GLOVER v. PATTEN.
Statement of the Case.
but that said testatrix never formally settled her accounts as such guardian, she not having been called upon so todo, that the document above set forth was drawn and signed in order to enable said testatrix formally to close her accounts as guardian aforesaid, but that the amounts agreed by the terms of said paper to be acce)ted by the complainants and said defendant were never paid, nor was any evidence of indebtedness given to them or an'of them, and that, notwithstanding said paper, the accounts of said testatrix as guardian as aforesaid remained open at the time of her death, alid the said estate of the complainants and the said defendant was dealt with by said testatrix after the execution of said paper in the same manner as before the same was so drawn and signed, that therefore, by reason of the circumstances, a trust existed on the part of the saul testatrix towards-the complainants and the- said defendant in respect of their said estate, and that the relation of said testatrix to the complainants and the said defendant was recognized and treated by her to the day of -her death as that of trustee and cestuzs qUe trutent and not of debtor and creditors.
Defendant further set forth and contended- that, by her last will and testament, the said testatrix devised, subject to certain bequests of comparatively trifling amount, all her estate, real and personal, as well the estate.of the said defendant and the complainants held in trust for them as her ow-n estate, that such devise operated the extinguishment, discharge and payment of any claim upon the part of the complainants in the premises that their claims ceased to be provable as debts, against the estate of sail testatrix, that such. alleged. extingushment, dischrge and paynent are not affected by the fact that the said defendant and the complainants took title to the real estate-of said testatrix by descent instead of by devise, in consequence of the insufficient execution of the will, and.that the several mdebtednesses alleged by these complainants were never recogized or acted upon by said testatrix and no part payments were made by her on account thereof.
Upon consideration of the petition and answer, the court made an order that further action upon the petition be suspended ·until said other matters whereof this court has not

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opiton of the Court.
jurisdiction sliall be first tried and determined in the appropriate tribunal in such manner as counsel may advise."
Thereupon, on January 8, 1890, complainants filed their original bill in this cause, to which Augusta P Glover interposed a demurrer and answer, and also filed a cross bill in which her husband joined. This was followed by a variety of answers, motions, demurrers and amendments unnecessary to be set forth in detail, as the material facts already sufliciently appear. Srnbsequently a considerable amount of oral and documentary evidence was taken and returned, and the cause having been transferred to the Court of Appeals of the District in pursuance of the act of Congress approved February 9, 1893, that court on November 8,1893, entered a decree that the complainants were entitled to the relief prayed for, and that the cause be remanded to the Supreme Court with directions to enter a decree in conformity with the opinion of the court. 1 App. Cas. D. C.466. From this decree Augusta and her husband appealed to this court.
Mr Charles J Bonapartefor appellants.
M1r Hewry E. Dams for appellees.
MR. JUSTICE BROWN, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
The object of this bill is to determine certain questions in aid of another branch of the same court, sitting as an orphans' court, and already in possession of a petition by the complainants to establish an indebtedness against the estate of their mother, action upon which petition was suspended by that branch of th.court, awAiting the determination of these questions.
The theory of the complainants is that the amount of Mrs. Patten's indebtedness to her daughters was adjusted and settled by mutual agreement of the parties, evidenced by the instrument of September, 1885, at the sum of $102,600 each. that txWendant, Augusta P Glover, received her share upon her marriage, by a transfer of $80,000 of the United States bonds,

GLOVER v. PATTEN.
Opinion of the Court.
worth $102,800, and that the complainants received a credit in October, 1887, of $11,250 each.
The theory of the appellants is that the relation of the
testatrix to her children was that of trustee, and not of debtor. and that the will, by reason of its provisions, operated- the extinguishment, discharge and payment of the complainants' claims, and that said claims ceased to be provable as debts against the estate.
Several assignments of error are filed, which will be disposed of in their order.
1. That Helen was improperly joined in the bill as complainant, because she was not a party to the instrument of September, 1885. Being a minor, she did not sign the instrument, and would not have been bound by it if she had done so, but if there were any indebtedness to the children, it arose from the fact that the mother was guardian of all of them, that the law made no discrimination between them, and such indebtedness was due as much-to Helen as to the others. While the instrument makes no mention of the children by name, it was evidently intendeQ as much for her benefit as that of the other sisters, and upon her arriving at her majority, she had her election either to disaffirin it. or to adopt it as an adjustment of the amount due to herself. She chose the latter alternative, and in her petition to the orphans' court, of May 10, 1S89, for the allowance of her claim, avers "That the )Petitioner,Helen Patten, bemin fully advised in the premises, now adopts and accepts said agreement and the settlement aforaid as thougrh she had duly participated in the same at the tini, of tlip inaking thereof." An infant may affirm a vontract or ,ittlement thus made for her benefit, and may sue upon it as if she wre originally a party to it.. Irrespective, however, of any promise which the law might imply from the procuriiont by Mrs. Patten of the execution of this instrument bv her daughters, if there were any indebtedness arising
from her relation as guardian to her children, it existed infavor of Ilelen as much as the others, and as evidence of the amount of such indebtedness this document is as potent in her behalf as in that of her sisters.
vol.. cLxv-26

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
2. The second assignment, that there is a non-joinder of necessary parties defendant, is based upon the theory that there are three legatees interested in the estate to the amount of $45,000, that there is no averment that these legatees have been paid, or can be paid in full, out of the personal estate if the claims of the complainants and those of other creditors are satisfied. There is nothing in this objection. The complainants do not sue as executrices, but expressly aver that they bring the suit "in their own right" as creditors of their mother's estate, and for the purpose 6f establishing their debt. To such a suit other creditors are not necessary parties. The case of Dandrdge v IMashzngtoa s Executors, 2 Pet. 370, 377, is directly in point. This was a suit brought by the plaintiff against the executors of the will of AMrs. fartha Washington to obtain payment of legacies bequeathed to him in her last will. In reply to an objection that the residuary legatees under the will should have been made parties, Mr. Ohief Justice Marshall observed -"They have undoubtedly an interest in reducing the sun to be allowed out of it to the complainant, but they have the same interest in reducing every demand on the estate. Whatever remains sinks into the residuum, -and that residuum is diminished as well by the claims of creditors and specific legatees as by this. In all such cases the executors represent the residuary legatees and guard their interests. It is a part of that duty which requires them to protect the. interests of the estate. In such suits the residuary legatees are never made parties. To require it would be an intolerable burden on those who have claims on an estate in the hands of executors." If this be the law with respect to residuary legatees, who are necessarily and directly interested in defeating every other claim against the estate, with much greater force is the rule applicable to specific legatees, who are in much less danger of being affected by the allowance of other claims. That such legatees need not be joined is as clearly settled as that other libellants need not be joined as respondents in a suit in admiralty to establish a claim against a vessel, although they may be admitted to defend. Wise" v Blachly, t Johns. Oh. 437, 1'ritchare' v

GLOVER v. PATTEN.
Opinion of the Court.
Hicks, 1 Paige, 270, West v Randall, 2 Mason, 181, Daniel's Oh. Prac. c. 5, § 2.
3. That there is no equity in the bill. Defendants' position in this connection is, that the case made is an indebtedness created by the instrument of September, 1885, to which Helen was not a party, that there was no agreement by Mrs. Patten to pay the sum named, or any sum whatever, and that the paper constituted a mere offer on the part of each of her children to receive a specified sum ii satisfaction of her claim against her as guardian, that this paper, therefore, is no contract, and contains no promise on the part of the mother, that the only right which the complainants have to come into equity arose from the fact that, being executrices, they cannot sue themselves, and, therefore, cannot recover by action at law the debt due them by their testatrix, that,, if the bill failed to show that they could have sued at law during their mother's lifetime, or could now sue her executrices, were they some one else than -themselves; they have no better standing in equity than at law
This, however, is a somewhat inaccurate statement of the complainants' case. The averment of the amended bill is (paragraph 6) that in her lifetime the said testatrix was indebted to the complainants and the defendant Augusta PGlover, by rerson of the fact that they had mnhorited from their father an estate which was received and retained by the testatrix as their guardian, and that in "September, 1885, the amount of indebtedness of said testatrix in the premises, on account of the estate aforesaid, was adjusted, settled and determined by mutual agreement of the said testatrix on the one part, and on the other the complainants and the said defendant, except the complainant Helen Patten," who was a minor. The amended bill further avers (paragraph 12) that "it then was and for a long time theretofore had beeni the duty in law of said testatrix, guardian as aforesaid, to deliver to them and each of them their said estate as aforesaid, the same consisting in contemplation of law exclusively of money; that thereby the said testatrix, -as guardian aforesaid, was and had theretofore become in law the debtor of the complainants,

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court. I
and-the said defendant and each of them without regard to said paper so drawn and signed as aforesaid, and the said paper was only in law an adjustment, accounting and settlemeilt between the said testatrix, guardian as aforesaid, on the one part, and the complatinants and. said defendant, on the other, having for its object and purpose the ascertainment of the amount of indebtedness of the said testatix to the coinplainants and the said defendant and each of them."
As, under the laws of Nevada, the children were entitled to one half their father's estate, and as the mother received the entire estate and dealt with it as if she were the sole proprietor, although she was in fact guardian and trustee for her children as to their share, it requires no argument to show that she held a moiety in trust for them, was bound to account to them whenever an account was demanded, and was bound to pay to each of them one fifth of such moiety Regaularly this accounting should have been made to the court in Nevada, which granted the letters of administration, but as there was no one interested in the estate except herself and her children, she adopted the easier course of settling with them directly, and procured from them their assent to the instrument of September, 1885. While Helen was not a party to this instrument, by reason of non-age, as she stood in the same position to the estate as her sisters, and was equally a creditor of her mother, there is no reason why the instrument may not be used as an acknowledgment of her mother's indebtedness to her, as well as to the others The fact that the sisters became executrices of their mother's will did not cancel such indebtedness, but rendered it impo.'?ible to bring an ac tion at law, inasmuch as thev would be plaintiffs in their own right and defendants as executrices. They (lid, however, petition the orphans' court for the allowance of their claims, naking their sister, the only person interested adversely to them, a party to the proceeding. That court, instead of passing on the matter directly, thought it a proper subject for the advice ot a court of chancery, and directed this bill to be filed. We are of opinion that upon its face it discloses a good cause of action.

GLOVER v. PATTEN.
Opinion of the Court.
4. That the cause of action is barred by the statute of liniitat ions. It has always been held, by the Supreme Court of Maryland that the act of 1715, which is still in force in this Iistrict, Sheyherd v Thomp on, 122 U S. 231, 234,.does not apply to a claim by an executor against his estate, inasmuch a the executor cannot sue himself at law State v Rezgart, I Gill, 1, Brown v Stewart, 4 Md. Ch.368, pencer v Spencer I Md. Ch. 456, Smnznes v Young's Adnr., 10 Maryland, 242.
Irrespectively of this, however, it appears that in October, 1887, Afrs. Patten loaned $45,000 to one John E. Beall, and took a note payable to the order of the four complainants, which was subsequently paid to them. The testimony of the complainants as to this transaction is objected to upon the ground that by Rev Stat. § 858, "in actions by or agairst executors, administrators or guardians, in which judgment may be rendered for or against them, neither party shall be allowed to testify against the other as to any transaction with or settlenient by the testator, intestate or ward, unless called to testify thereto by the opposite party, or required to testify thereto by the court." Conceding the statute to be applicable to this case, it does not apply to the testimony of Beall himself, who swore to making a loan of this amount from Mrs. Patten, and giving a note payable to the order of the four complainants, Mrs. Patten stating "that the money was advanced to them out of the fund belonging to them out of their 'father's estate, and that she wished them to have the income of that amount of money", tliat "she wished the interest notes made payable at intervals of three months, so that they might have the income, and she used the words 'pin money', and further declared that she never had made them any allowance, and she wished them to have for themselves, every three months, the interest of this money to spend for themselves." She also said "that $45,000 was being distributed in this manner to the four girls as a part of what was coming to them from their father's estate, and she said that she had made advances to Mrs. Glover." The note was subsequently paid to the four daughters. The testimony of another witness is to the effect that Mrs. Patten told him "that; it was some money she

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.

Opinion of the Court.

wanted to give those four girls for pin money to give them a

sense of independence,

and, further, that she had

already provided for the other daughter - the married daugh-

ter - quite .liberally, and she thought that she ought to give

these girls something."

This testimony is not only uncontradicted, but accords with

the probabilities of the case. It is scarcely reasonable to sup-

pose that Mrs. Patten, who was indebted to her daughters in

the sum of over $400,000 should have advanced them the

large sum of $45,000 purely as a gift, and with no intention

of being credited with it upon her debt, particularly in view

of her statement to the witness Beall, that she made advances

to Mrs. Glover. We think this must be regarded as payment

upon the account of her indebtedness, and that it removed the

bar of the statute 'of limitations.

In aid of this construction there is the presumption that

where a parent, being a debtor to his child, makes an advance-

merit to such child, it is presumed to be a satisfactionpro tanto

of the debt. I Pomeroy's Eq. Jurs. § 540, Plunkhtt v Lewis,

3 Ilare, 316.

, That the communications made by Mrs. Patten to the

witness HIillyer were privileged, from the fact she consulted

him as her legal adviser. There is some.doubt as to whether

she did consult hi m 'that capacity, or simply as a friend,

who had for a good many years been the attorney of her hus-

band. It is clear that, while she visited him frequentlycon-

cerning the s-etlement of her account as administratrix and

guardian, she paid him nothing, and he made no charge

against her But whatever view be tiken of the facts, we

are of opinion that, in a suit between devisees under a will.

statements made by the deceased to counsel respecting the

execution of the will, or other sinmilai, document, are not privi-

leged. While such communications might be privileged, if

offered by third persons to establish claims against an estate,

they are not within the reason-of the rule requiring their ex-

elusion, when the contest is between-the heirs or next of kin.

That reason is thus- stated by Lord Brougham in Greenouegh

v Gaskell, 1 Mylne & Keen, 98, 103 "But it is out of regard

GLOVER v. PATTEN.

Opinion of the Court.

to the interests of justice, which cannot be upholden, anl to

the administration of justice, which cannot go on without the

aid of men skilled in jurisprudence, in the practice of the courts,

and in those matters affecting rights and obligations which

form the subject of all judicial proceedings. If the privilege

did not exist at all, every one would be thrown upon his own

legal resources, deprived of all professional assistance, a man

would not venture to consult any skilful person, or would only

dare to tell his counsellor half his case."

In Russell v Jackson, 9 Hare, 387. 392, the contest was

between the heirs-at-law and a devisee. The heirs claimed

that the devise was upon a trust, unexpressed, because illegal.

It was held that a solicitor, by whom the will was drawn.

should be allowed to testify what wis said by the testator

contemporaneously upon the subject. Vice-Chancellor Turner.

in delivering the opinion of the court, observed "In the

cases of testamentary dispositions, the very foundation on

which the rule proceeds seems to be wanting, and in the

absence, therefore, of any illegal purpose entertained by the

testator, there does not appear to be any ground for applying

it.

That the privilege does not in all cases terminate

with the death of the party, I entertain no doubt. That it

belongs equally to parties claiming under the client as against

larties claiming adversely to him, I entertain as little doubt, but it does not, I think, therefore follow that it belongs to the

executor as against the next of kin, and in such a case as the

present. In the one case the question is, whether the prol)ertv

belongs to the client or his estate, and the rule may well

apply for the protection of the clients interests. In the

other case the queston is, to which of two parties claiming

unler the client the l)ropertv in equity belongs, and it would

seem to be a mere arbitrary rule to hold that it belongs to

one of them rather than to the other "

An epitome of this case is given in the opinion of Mr.

Justice Swayne in Blackburn v L5razqfords, 3 Wall. 175, 193,

in which case, on a question of marriage and legitimacy, an

attorney who drew the will for the alleged husband, in which

the children of the connection set up as wedlock were described

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
as the natural children of the testator, miight testify as to what was said by the testator about the character of the children and hIs relations to their mother, in interviews between hontself and the testator preceding and connected with the preparation of the will.
As was said in that case, page 194, " the client may waive the protection of the rule. The waiver may be expressed or implied. We think it as effectual here by implication as the most explicit language could have made it. It coul have been no clearer if the client had expressly enjoined it upon the attorney to give tins testimony whenever the truth of his testamentary declaration should be challenged by any of those to whom it related. A different result would involve a perversion of the rule, inconsistent with its objects and in direct conflict with the reason upon which it is founded." See also Hunt v Blackbu~rn, 128 U S.464, 470.
The same rule has been applied in several cases in the state courts Layman's IFill, 40 Minnesota, 371, Scott v. IIarris, 113 Illinois, 447, Graham v O'Pillon, 4 Missouri, 338, Wharton on Evidence, § 591, Goddard v Gardner,28 Connecticut, 172, Weeks on Attorneys, § 165.
6. The objection that the complainants were incompetent to testify as to their mother's statements, and as to the transactions in which she took part, is entitled to some weight, and is not free from doubt. There is much reason, however, for saying that, as the object of this testimony was not to prove complainants' claim against the estate, but to show that their sister Augusta had had a similar claim, and had been paid, and the testimony related to conversations between MIrs. Patten and her daughter Augusta, the statute did not apply- in other words, that it was not a transaction with or a statement by the testator within the meaning of the statute. 21onongahela Aatwnal Bank v. Jacobus, 109 U. S. 275, Wharton on Evidence, § 468.
We do not, however, consider this testimony indispensable to the maintenance of complainants' bill. Discarding it for the present from our consideration of the case, there is no doubt that Mrs. Patten became the guardian and trustee for

GLOVER v. PATTEN.

Opinion of the Court.

h'er children to the extent of one half her husband's estate,

that she rendered no account of her stewardship, that, at the

suggestion of the witness Hillyer, she procured the document

of September, 1885, to be drawn up and signed by her daugh-

ters, that by this instrument each of the daughters, except

Helen, agreed to accept the sum of ,101,600 in full and com-

plete settlement of their accounts, claims and demands between

each of them and their mother, arising out of or connected

with the administration of their father's estate, and requested

that, upon the presentation of this agreement and a receipt

for that amount, the court having jurisdiction would, without

further investigation, pass the final accounts of their mother

as adninistratrix and guardian, and discharge her bondsmen.

There is no doubt, too, that in the month of February, 1887,

Mrs. Patten called af the oank of Riggs ntnd Co. and inquired

of a member of the firm what r.-ount of bonds, with the

ireinium added, would mae up a suni somewhat over $100,000,

btating that "her purpose was t,,traisfer these bonds to one

of her daughters about to be Lnarried', that he furnished her

thu necessary figures, "somtrew here im the neighborhood of

$79,000, which made up about che amount she w.shed to use,'

anl that he gave her a memora inm of thex that Mrs.

Patten told him afterwartds thaft sht 1t these bonds under

her daughter's plate, and that stie w-nt off -and forgot them.

The testunonv of the compl.mants. which for thzs purpose iz

,'nrnpetent and uncontralbctcd,

ti..t Mrs. (lover asked

the witness Josephine on -n v,c., r,w,hen she had returned

home, where she had be-n that -1w replied that she had

been to the Treasur,, wnvrc her nothlc went to transfer her

bonds to her name to th. amount. of $'.,000, to which mrs

'41over said, "that is not enough." .Iosephmne rpphd "It i,

too much, if Ihad not been there you would have gotten but

,-,79,000" that she saw the bonds in the po-ssession of her

sister, Mrs. (rlover who return,d them to her iother with a

request that she should keep tnmem for her, and that they

were subsequently sent to her at St. Lous by registered mail,

that Mrs. Glover repeatedly said to her sisters that "when

she was married she would ask for her raoney, that she had

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
a right to it, and she would ask for it," and that she repeatedly admitted afterwards having received her share of her father's estate. This admission is sworn to by each one of the coniplainants, and is entirely uncontradicted.
The court below was of opinion that, upon this state of facts, the complainants were entitled to the relief prayed, and in this opinion we concur. We can come to no other conclusion than that, upon the undisputed facts of the case, there was an indebtedness by Mrs. Patten to her daughters, that su'ch indebtedness was liquidated by the agreement of September, 1885, and that the defendant Mrs. Glover received an amount in bonds which, at their market value, was somewhat greater than $100,000. As this payment was made to her upon the eve of her marriage, .and as the- amount was evidently coiputed as near as could be to the amount of the indebtedness, as stated in the agreement of September, 1885, the presumption is that it was intended as an advance and as a satisfaction of the debt. 1 Pomeroy's Eq. Juris. § 540, Plunkett v Lewzs, 3 Hare, 316.
7. The claim that the general bequest to her daughters, contained in Mrs. Patten's will. was, an extinguishment of her debt to them, is equally unfounded. The appellants rely, in this connection, upon the general proposition that, where a debtor bequeathes to his creditor a legacy equal to or greater than the amount of his debt, it shall be presumed, in the absence of a contrary intent inferable from the will, that the legacy was intended to be in satisfaction of the debt. Had Mrs. Patten, subsequent to the execution of the agreement of September, 1885, made special bequests to her daughters, or either of them, of amounts equal to or greater than the amount of her indebtedness to them, the rule might, perhaps, be invoked as an answer to their claim, but the rule is in fact nothing more than a p:esumption, and may be rebutted by slight evidence that such was not the intention of the testator. Spencer v. Spencer, 4 Md. Ch. 456, Gilliam v. Brown, 43 MNississippi, 641, Williams v. Crary,4 Wend. 443', S. C. 5 Cow 368, Eaton v Benton, 2 Hill, 576, Reynold8 v 1?obznson, 82 N. Y 103, IIemler v Sliamp, 44. N. J Eq. 167, Horner'sEx-

GLOVER ?,'. PATTE .
Opinion of the Court.
ecutorm v .McGaughy, 62 Penn. St. 189, Crtouch v Davis' Executors, 23 Gratt. 62. These cases hold that the mere fact that the debt was unliquidated is enough to rebut the presumption.
It requires no argument to demonstrate that the rule has no application to a case where the bequest is a general one - all of the property of the testator "to be divided between them share and share alike" - and the will is made six years before the indebtedness is liquidated. That Mrs. Patten evidently did not consider her debt to her daughter Augusta extinguished by the will is evident from the fact that she paid the amount at the time of the marriage of her daughter, and there is no reason to suppose that she intended to treat her differently from her other daughters. Evidently the whole theory of a debt being extinguished by a bequest presupposes a bequest subsequent to the indebtedness, and while the indebtedness may have been said to have arisen in tins case upon the receipt of the children's moietv of their father's estate, it was.never treated by any of the parties in the light of an indebtedness, until the amount had been liquidated by the arrangement of September, 1885.
The effect of rejecting the claim of the complainants would be to prefer Mrs. Glover to her sisters to the extent of $102,800, when there is absolutely nothing in the will of the mother, in the arrangement of September, 1885, or in the facts or circumstances of the case, to indicate that this was ever contemplated by Mrs. Patten, or by the daughters themselves. The instincts of a mother would naturally lead her to put her daughters upon an exact equality, and the case is manifestly one for the application of the legal maxim that "equality isequity" That it ever entered her mind that one of her daughters should be preferred to the others in the very large sum of $102,800 is extremely inprobable.
8.Whether the fact that Mrs. Glover had been paid her share of the .indebtedness was strictly pertinent to the issue or not, it was alleged in the bill and in the amended bill, was first demurred to, and then denied in the additional answer. The fact had some tendency to prove that the indebt-

OCTOB.ER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
edness, which was incurred and liqmdated in favor of all the sisters under the same cn'cumstances. was a genuine one, was recognized both by the testatrix and Mrs. Glover as such, and that the bill was not an attempt on the part of the complainants to obtain a preference over their sister.
Itwould have been more satisfactory if the defendant had offered herself as a witness, and given her version of the transaction, or at least had put forward some testimony tending to show a different theory, buit as she preferred to rest her case upon the testinony of the complainants, and as the facts proved are susceptible of but one construction, we can only assent to the conclusion of the court below
The fact that iMrs. Patten did not pay, or agree to pay, her daughters interest upon the amount of her indebtedness as liquidated, is urged as a reason for holding that she co"tinned to regard herself as trustee for her children in respert to their share of their father's estate. and never eoi etmphztt-d that an indebtedness to them ban been recogniized. 'L.;, however, seems inconsistent with the instrument of Se;tniber, 1885, which was evidently prepared for a purpose ',iia was wholly unnecessary, if her relation tc her daualite) w,-re solely that of a trustee for their benefit. If it v'er' for !he purpose of fixing her liability for which the sureties upon 1er bond were tc be responsible, it woula scarcely be ,oi,sstcln' t, hold that, so far as coiieerned her relations with bee,. d i&. ters, it was not intended to create a liability P e'tj.,=i creaed' a liability or it did not. If it did, it was a liabilitv .r eLo_dren. If it did not, the instrument was uselesq.
It is true that no interest, as such, was paid ui pmr-i .ed. but as an offset to that the daughters were nrvei c;iarr, 4 with their expense of maintenance, although me.st ot thv-i were of age. What the result would have been, If an acCont had been regularly opened and interest credited to C,sh dal.,'liter and a charge i ade against each for her mairtinance, we can only conjecture, but in the loose way in which bu.iness is usually done between members of the same family ,,n household, it is not singular that no such account was kept. If Mrs. Glover had not received'her share, it would make but

ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAILROAD v. MINGUS. 413
Syllabus.
little practical difference whether the agreement of September,
1885, were treated as an operative instrument, or merely one
for the purpose of satisfying the sureties on the admimstratrix's bond. As the effect of the latter construction would be to prefer Mrs. Glover to this amount over her sisters, the court will construe it as the parties themselves have construed it. It is apparent from what has been said that -no interest should be allowed prior to the death of Mrs. Patten.
The decree of the court below is, therefore,
.Affirmed.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY v. MINGUS.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE TERRITORY OF NEW MEXICO.
No. 100. Argued December 15, 16, 19.- Decided February 15,189T.
Congress did not intend by the statutes under which the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company received its grants of public land, to vest the lands absolutely in the company, without a right to the Government to reacquire them on failure of the company to comply with the conditions of the grant; and no express provision for a forfeiture was necessary in order to fix the rights of the Government, and to authorize reentry in case of breach of condition.
The act of April 20, 1871, c. 33, 17 Stat. 19, did not alter, amend or repeal the act of July 27, 1866, c. 278, 14 Stat. 292, in these respects, except so far as It permitted a foreclosure of any mortgage which might be put on the lands by the company to operate upon lands opposite and appurtenant to the then completed part of the road, and so far as it gave assurance that no forfeiture would be insisted upon for conditions then broken.
When the United States grant public lands upon condition subsequent, they have the same right to refnter upon breach of the condition which a pnvate grantor would have under the same circumstances, which right is to be exercised by legislation.
Lands in the Indian Territory belonging to the Indians did not pass under the grant to the.railroad company; and the United States were not required by the statutes to extinguish the Indian title for the benefit of the railroad company, nor could they be reasonably expected to do so.
As to Indian grants made subsequent to the grant to the railroad company,

MANSON v. DUNCANSON.
Statement of the Case.
MANSON v. DUNCANSON.
APPEAL FROM THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 127. Argued January 8, 11, 1897. - Decided April 19, 1891'.
In the District of Columbia a non-resident minor, having an interest in real estate situated therein, may, by the appointment of a guardian ad litem by the proper court, and without service of personal process upon him, be subjected to a decree providing for the sale of the land for the payment of the debts of the decedent owner, and partitioning the surplus, if any, after such payment.
Such a decree, if made by a court with full jurisdiction of the subject-matter and having the proper parties before it, cannot be attacked by one of those parties in a collateral proceeding.
Whether the decedent owner in such case had any interest in the land petitioned to be sold was a question to be decided by the court in which the cause was pending, and if error was committed in its disposition of that question, the remedy was by appeal, or by a bill of review, if duly filed.
IN condemnation proceedings instituted by the United States in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia 'to obtain land for a post office site in the city of Washington, a tteasury draft for the sum of $17,000 was paid by the United States into the registry of that court on October 9, 1891, as compensation to the owner of a parcel of land designated in the proceedings as parcel 15, in square 323. ,Frederick L. Manson and Charles C. Duncanson both claimed this fund, each as having been owner in fee simple of the said parcel 15 at the time of the condemnation, and on June 20, 1892, Manson filed his bill in equity in the said court against Duncanson, seeking to enjoin the defendant from receiving the fund, and asking for an order directing payment of the same to the complainant. The facts presented by the case which arose upon this bill are substantially as follows:
On August 2, 1862, James W. Barker, who then owned a part of lot ( in the said square, which part included the land designated in the said proceedings as parcel 15, executed a deed, wherein his wife joined, conveying the property to

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Statement of the Case.
William R. Woodward, in trust. William L. Manson and Sarah Jane Manson, his-wife, united with Barker and wife in the execution of this deed, and it was recited therein that Sarah Jane Manson was possessed of property separate from her husband, which she was desirous of having invested in the said premises, and that therefore William L. Manson, with her consent and concurrence, had entered into a contract with Barker for the purchase of the same, and for the purchase price thereof was to pay a certain amount in cash and give certain notes, the amount of one of which was to discharge a purchase money debt due by Barker. It was further recited that all of the notes had been executed by Manson and wife, and delivered. The deed provided that Woodward should hold in trust to secure the payment of the notes, and, until there should be some default in payment of the same, to permit Sarah Jane Manson to occupy and enjoy the premises, and receive the rents thereof for her separate use; and upon the full payment of all the notes, to make conveyance of the property upon the trusts and for the purposes expressed and declared for the benefit of Sarah Jane Manson in and by a certain other deed or declaration, bearing even date with the conveyance described.
The deed or declaration referred to was executed by Manson and his wife, and described the said Woodward and Erastus Poulson as parties thereto of the second and third part, respectively. It directed that, after payment of the notes, etc., Woodward should convey the premises to Poulson, who should thenceforth stand seized of the same upon the trusts following, viz.:
"In trust for the said Sarah Jane Manson for and during her life, and to permit her to occupy said premises and to receive the rents and profits thereof for her own sole and separate use, free from the interference of her present or any future husband, and without being liable for his debts or engagetnents, her receipt alone being a valid discharge for such rents and profits.
"And upon further trust that it shall be lawful for the said Sarah Jane Manson at any time, and from time to time dur-

MANSON v. DUNCANSON.
Statement of the Case.
ing her life, to dispose of the said premises, either by absolute sale or mortgage thereof, as she may think proper, in which the said party hereto of the third part, his heirs and assigns, shall join, such disposition to be made by deed or deeds to be executed and acknowledged by the said trustees, and by the said Sarah Jane Manson as if she were sole and unmarried. And in default of any such sale or mortgage, or so far as the same shall not extend, upon further trust for such person or persons and for such estate, and in such parts, shares and proportions as she, the said Sarah Jane Manson, shall or may, from time to time by any deed or instrument of writing, or by her last will and testament, under her hand and seal (and which she is hereby authorized to make), limit, direct or appoint, give or devise the same; and in default of any such limitation, direction and appointment, gift or devise, in trust for such child or children as she shall leave surviving her, and the issue of any deceased child or children equally share and share alike, such issue taking his, her or their parent's or parents' share; and for default of all such children or issue, then in trust for the right heirs of the said Sarah Jane Manson forever. And it is further declared that all moneys which shall or may be raised by sale or mortgage of the said premises, or any part thereof, shall be paid to the said Sarah Jane Manson, and be disposed of as she shall or may think best, her receipt being a valid discharge therefor; and the party paying the same not being bound to see to the application or disposition thereof."
On August 2, 1865, all of the notes then having been paid, Barker and Woodward, by deed of that date, released and conveyed the property to Poulson, in trust for the sole and separate use and benefit of Sarah Jane Manson, exclusive of her husband, and upon the trusts declared in the deed or declaration aforesaid.
Sarah Jane Manson died in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, on September 4, 1870, leaving a will, dated April 20, 1865, whereby she directed that her debts be paid, and then devised and bequeathed all her estate real and personal, as follows: Her husband, William L. Manson, to take and receive all the

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Statement of the Case.
rents and profits of her estate during his life and apply the same for his support and the support and education of her three children, namely, Frederick L. Manson, William H. Walters (a child of the testatrix by a former husband) and Cecelia M. Manson, and, on the death of her husband, all of her estate, real and personal, to be equally divided, share and share alike, among the said three children, when the youngest of them should reach the age of twenty-one years, and not before. This will was attested by only two witnesses, and was therefore not effectual to pass real estate in the District of Columbia, and was never admitted to probate therein. On September 12, 1870, it was duly admitted to probate in Philadelphia, and letters of administration, with the will annexed, were granted to William L. Manson, the surviving husband.
In her lifetime, Sarah Jane Manson sold a part of the property embraced in the said deeds, but made no sale or conveyance of the said parcel 15.
On June 18, 1874, William L. Manson filed a creditor's bill in the said court against Erastus Poulson, trustee; Frederick L. Manson, William H. Walters and Cecelia M. Manson, stating that all the parties we're citizens of the State of Pennsylvania; that Poulson was sued as trustee by virtue of the deeds aforesaid, and the other defendants as heirs at law of Sarah Jane Manson, and that the defendants Frederick L. Manson and Cecelia M. Manson were minors. The bill alleged that Sarah Jane Manson, at the time of her death, was seized of the said parcel of land in her own right, and free from any right or claim of her husband, and died intestate as to the same; that the complainant settled her estate in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, by virtue of said letters of administration, a certified copy of which was filed as an exhibit; that her personal estate proved insufficient to pay her debts, and that the complainant made advances out of his own funds toward the payment of the same, and that such advances, together with the assets of the estate, paid in full all the just claims proven against the decedent; that the complainant paid out of his own funds on such account, over and above

MANSON v. DUNCANSON.
Statement of the Case.
the assets coming into his hands, the sum of $2051.26, which amount was justly due him; and that no funds remained from which he might be reimbursed, unless the said real estate should be sold and the proceeds thereof applied to the payment of his claim. The said deeds were referred to and made a part of the bill. The complainant prayed that a trustee might be appointed to sell and convey the property, and out of the proceeds arising from the sale pay the indebtedness due the complainant and distribute the balance; th4 t guardians ad litem might be appointed to appear and defend the interests of each of the said infants; that writs of subpoena might be issued against each of the said defendants Erastus Poulson, trustee, Frederick L. Manson, WilliamiH. Walters and Cecelia M. Manson; and that the complainant might have such other and further relief as the nature of the case might require.
Process was issued against all of the defendants, and was returned by the marshal of the District of Columbia not found. Orders were thereupon entered appoiniting commissioners in Philadelphia and in Fort Clark, Texas, to appoint guardians ad item to take the answers of the infant defendants Cecelia M. Manson and Frederick L. Manson. -These gommissions were duly executed, and answers of the said infant defendants, by guardian ad litem, were duly filed, whereby all interests and rights of the infants were claimed, but submitted to the court. Erastus Poulson, trustee, filed an answer, admitting the allegations of the bill, and submitting himself to the orders of the court. Walter, the other adult defendant, also filed an answer, wherein he claimed all such interest as he might be entitled to, and submitted his rights to the court.
The cause was heard upon the pleadings and upon a certified copy of the confirmed report of the auditor of the orphans' court of Philadelphia, and on March 18, 1875, a decree was entered whereby it was ordered and adjudged that the complainant's claim set forth in said creditor's bill be recognized as a valid lien against the property described therein, and that the property be sold, and the proceeds of sale be applied, first, in satisfaction of all proper taxes and assessments or other prior incumbrairces due and unpaid upon

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Statement of the Case.
the property, and secondly, to the payment of the claim of the complainant; the balance, if any, to be distributed pro rata among the heirs of Sarah Jane Manson. A trustee was appointed, who, after having given notice by advertisement, was to proceed to make the sale as aforesaid, and thereafter to report the same to the court, and upon final ratification thereof to "convey to the purchaser or purchasers, by good and sufficient deed, all right, title and interest of said defendants or any of them, as of said complainant, in and to said property."
The sale, having been duly made and reported by the trustee, was finally ratified on May 18, 1875, and the trustee, W. P. Bell, subsequently conveyed the property to Frederick Volk, the purchaser. Volk afterwards conveyed the same to Louis Schmid, Edward Schmid and Alexander Schmid, and they, by deed dated June 21, 1890, conveyed to Charles C. Duncanson. The proceeds of sale were applied in accordance with the terms of the decree, but there does not appear to have been any balance for distribution among Sarah Jane Manson's heirs at law.
William L. Manson died in the year 1877. The present suit was commenced, as aforesaid, by Frederick L. Manson, who filed his bill of complaint in the said court on June 20, 1892. The bill set out, in substance, the facts stated above, and alleged that, upon the death of Sarah Jane Manson, the complainant and Cecelia M. Manson and William II. Walters became the owners, by purchase, of the said parcel 15, by virtue of the aforesaid deeds of 1862 and 1865; that nothing set out in the said creditor's bill served to give the court jurisdiction of the subject-matter thereof, or of any person mentioned therein, and that the court had no jurisdiction to make any order in the said proceedings except an order dismissing the bill. It was further alleged that in April, 1873, the complainant, while a minor, enlisted with the consent of his father in the Fourth United States Cavalry, and remained in the army until 1881, when he was honorably discharged; that during the intervening time he was stationed at military posts in Texas

MANSON v. DUNCANSON.
Statement of the Case.
and Kansas, and since his discharge had resided continuously in Illinois and Kansas; that until August 15, 1891, he had no knowledge of the said equity proceedings, or of the said answer or any answer filed or intended to be filed therein in his behalf, or of the existence of the said deeds of 1862 and 1865, or the interest they vested in him, or of the said condemnation proceedings; that shortly after learning of the existence of the deeds, and of the record in the said suit, he filed a petition in the condemnation proceedings, claiming the proceeds of parcel 15, but that, as he was informed, and believed, the court was of opinion that it had no jurisdiction in those proceedings to pass upon contested claims to the said proceeds. The complainant further alleged that his sister, Cecelia M. Manson, left. home shortly after his enlistment in the army, and sought her own livelihood; that since the complainant was informed of the property interests in question he had made diligent inquiry concerning the whereabouts of his said sister and of his said brother, William H. Walters, and had been unable to learn anything concerning the whereabouts of his sister since 1880, or of his brother for several years prior thereto, and that therefore he believes them both to be dead, and to have died intestate, leaving the complainant their only heir at law.
The complainant prayed the court to declare that all decrees, orders and proceedings had in the said suit were null and void for want of, jurisdiction; that the sale made and the deed executed by the trustee appointed in that suit, as well as all other deeds executed under the decree therein, were void and of no effect; and that the complainant was the legal and equitable owner of parcel 15 at the time of the condemnation of the same, and was entitled to the said fund. He further prayed that the defendant might be enjoined from receiving the fund.
The defendant filed his answer on September 6, 1892, insisting that the said court had before it, by due process of law, all the parties in interest, and therefore had jurisdiction to enter the said decree and to order the said sale, and that the defendant's title, acquired by conveyance under the decree,

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Counsel for Appellant.
was valid. He denied the allegations of the complainant as to the time when he was first informed of the said suit, and alleged that it would be inequitable if the complainant should be allowed the benefit of any alleged defect in the said proceedings in view of the fact of his having waited until the expiration of fourteen years after the death of William L. Manson, who could have testified as to the complainant's knowledge of the proceedings, and until the expiration of sixteen years after the sale before setting up any claim to the property; that since the sale the respective holders of the property had been in the open, notorious and adverse possession thereof under the decree; that the complainant had been guilty of laches, and on that account was not entitled to relief. The defendant asked for strict proof of the alleged death and intestacy of the complainant's sister and brother, provided proof of the same should be material. He prayed thatit might have the full benefit of all objections to the bill that could have been raised and availed of upon demurrer thereto.
Replication was entered and testimony taken, and on June 14, 1893, after final hearing, a decree was entered whereby, "it appearing to the court from an examination of the record in equity cause numbered 3796, referred to in this cause, that there was nothing set forth and contained therein to give the court jurisdiction to sell the real estate described therein," it was ordered and adjudged that the decree entered in the said cause was null and void; that the deeds made under that decree were void and passed no title ; that the defendant had no title to parcel 15 at the time of the condemnation, and was not entitled to the proceeds thereof; that the defendant's plea of laches be not sustained ; and that the fund in the ,registry of the court be paid to the complainant, his solicitor of record, or assigns.
Duncanson thereupon appealed to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia, where the decree of the court below was reversed. Manson then appealed to this court.
Mr. Walter HI. Smith for appellant. Mr. Charles H. Armes was on his brief.

MANSON v. DUNCANSON.
Opinion of the Court.
.Mr. William F. Mattingly for appellee. Mr. Henry Wise Garnett was on his brief.
MR. JUSTICE SHIRAS, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
The only matter for our consideration relates to the validity of the decree of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia of May 18, 1875, ratifying and confirming the sale of the property in dispute, and that depends upon the solution of the question whether that court had jurisdiction of the person of Frederick L. Manson and of the subject-matter of the suit in which the decree was entered.
There was no service of a subpoena upon Frederick L. Manson, but there was an appointment of a guardian ad litem by commissioners appointed by the court; and an answer was taken and filed by such guardian. Such a metlhod of appointment of a guardian ad litem is spoken of in United States Bank v. Ritchie, 8 Pet. 128, as according to the most approved usage. A full discussion of this subject and of the law as it existed in Maryland prior to the erection of the District of Columbia will be found in the case of Snowden v. Snowden, 1 Blbnd, Ch. 550; and the case of Htammond v. Hammond, 2 Bland, Ch. 306, 350; and wherein the practice of bringing in a nonresident minor by the appointment of a guardian 'ad litem, and thus subjecting him to a decree for the partition of land, and for the sale of lands to pay the debts of a decedent, is recognized as usual and proper.
In the case of Insurance Co. v. Bangs, 103 U. S. 435, this court held that it was not competent for the Federal courts to appoint a guardian ad litemn for a non-resident or absent infant so as to subject him to a purely personal claim. But it was distinctly admitted that where the infant had an interest in real estate within the State or district, the rule was otherwise, and that the power to appoint a guardian ad litem in such a case was founded in the general powers of courts of equity. In this case it was said: " Our attention has been called to several cases in the state courts, in which it has been held that a

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
decree or judgment could not be collaterally attacked, though rendered in a case where a guardian ad litem had been appointed without service of process on the infant. Such are the cases of Preston v. Dunn, 25 Alabama, 507; ]Robb v. Irwin, 15 Ohio, 689; and. Gronfier v. Puymnirol, 19 California, 629. All of them are illustrative of the position we have stated; they all relate to the interest of the infant in real property in the State."
In the answer, which was sworn to by-the guardian, Frederick L. Manson said that he was an infant under twenty-one years of age, that he claimed such interest in the premises as he was entitled to, and submitted such interest to the protection of the court. This answer was subscribed and sworn to on the first day of December, 1874. In his testimony, taken in the present case, Manson claims to have been past twenty-one years of age when that answer was made. If so, as the evidence is clear that he was present when the appointment 'of the guardian was made, he must be deemed to have regarded the answer as his own, and cannot be heard to repudiate it in a collateral proceeding.
Moreover, it may be claimed with some show of reason that if the trust deeds of 1862 and 1865 really vested the legal title to the land in question in Erastus Poulson, subject to the trusts set forth in those instruments, and such is the theory of the complainant's bill in the present suit, he, as trustee, represented all the parties beneficially interested, and they, even if not parties, are bound by the decree unless it is impeached for fraud or collusion between him and the adverse parties.
In Shaw v. Norfolk County Railroad, 5 Gray, 162, it was said:
"The rule of equity pleading that all ,persons interested in the subject-matter of the suit, and whose rights may be affected by a final decree; must be made parties to the bill, is subject to several exceptions, which are as well established as the rule itself. . . . It has been held that, where persons are made trustees for the payment of debts and legacies, a suit may be sustained in which the trustees only are either plaintiffs or defendants, without joining the creditors or legatees for whom

MANSON v. DUNCANSON.
Opinion of the Court.
they are trustees, and whose rights and interests are directly involved in the case. Fenn v. (raig, 3 Y. & Col. Exch., 216.
" Upon this principle, it has been decided by this court that, in a bill concerning the title to the assets of an insolvent debtor, it is sufficient, without joining the creditors, to make the assignees parties, who alone have the right to claim the property, the legal title being in them; and who are authorized and empowered and whose duty it is, to represent the interests of and to act for all the creditors interested in the trust. Stevenson v. Austin, 3 Met. 724. In like manner it has been determined that a trustee, holding a mortgage in trust for several creditors, may maintain a bill in equity, to foreclose, without joining his cestuis que trustent as parties."
See also, Winslow v. ff'innesota & Pacifi'c Railroad, 4 Minnesota, 313, 317, where it is said: "The principle seems to be well settled that in an action by a creditor to reach trust property, in the hands of administrators or trustees who have the control of, and whose duty it is to protect the property, the cestuis que trustent need not be joined as parties. The defence of the trustees is their defence, and their presence in court is not necessary to the protection of their interests."
In the case of Iferrison,Assignee, v. Stewart, 93 U. S. 155, the question was whether the creditors of an insolvent firm, in whose favor a deed of trust had been executed by the firm, were bound by a decree against the trustee, and this court held that " where a trustee is invested with such powers that his beneficiaries are bound by what is done against him or by him, they are not necessary parties to a suit against him by a stranger to defeat the trust in Whole or in part. In such case, he is in court on their behalf; and they, though not parties, are concluded by the decree, unless it is impeached for fraud or collusion between him and the adverse party."
With the proper parties before the court, the next question is whether the court had such jurisdiction over the subjectmatter of the suit as to protect its decree from attack in a collateral proceeding.
That the bill in this case is collateral in its nature is obvious. It does not seek the correction of errors in the proceedings or

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
decree in the former case. Its avowed object is to have the former proceedings declared null and void, because taken in a court without jurisdiction of either person or subject-matter.
That the court had jurisdiction to decree the sale of real estate to pay the debts of a deceased debtor and owner is undeniable. The bill contained averments that the complainant was a creditor of the estate of Sarah J. Manson; that the decedent had died intestate as to her real estate situated in the city of Washington and District of Columbia; that the personal estate was inadequate to pay the debts of the decedent; that the decedent, at the time of her decease, was seized of described real estate. These are the usual and necessary allegations of a bill in such a case, and, if found to be true, plainly warranted a decree of sale.
It is true that Erastus Poulson, trustee, was made a party defendant, and that the several deeds of 1862 and 1865, creating and defining the trust, were referred to, and, in effect, made part of the bill, and also copies of the will of the decedent and of letters of administration thereon.
It is claimed, on behalf of the appellant, that the bill did not sufficiently allege the existence of unpaid debts. The allegation in question was as follows:
" Your complainant settled the estate of Sarah J. Manson, deceased, by virtue of certain letters of administration c. t. a. issued from the office of the register for the probate of wills and granting letters of administration, in and for the city of Philadelphia, a certified copy of which is hereto annexed and marked Complainant, Exhibit A, as part of this bill; and the personal estate of the said -decedent has been fully aud finally administered and the same would have proved insufficient and inadequate to pay the debts of the estate, but your complainant made advances out of his own fund to pay the indebtedness of said estate in full, and said advances, together with assets of the estate, paid in full all the just claims filed and proven against said decedent, and your complainant has paid out of his own funds, on said account, over and above assets coming into his hands, the sum of two thousand and fifty-one dollars, which amount is justly due him, and there

MANSON v. DUNCANSON.
Opinion of the Court.
remains no fund from which to reimburse him, unless the real estate hereinbefore described be sold, and so much of the proceeds as may be necessary be applied to the payment of your complainant's claim."
We are unable to accept the appellant's contention that these allegations, taken to be true, do not disclose the existence of debts collectible by proceedings in the district court, and that an administrator with the will annexed cannot be reimbursed for advances made by him in the process of settling the estate.
At all events, even if the district court erred in holding that the allegations and proof were sufficient to establish the existence of a collectible debt, such an error did not invalidate the decree so as to subject it to attack by a collateral proceeding.
The next contention, and one that has been ably argued, is that the bill for a sale showed that the court had no jurisdiction of the subject-matter, because it showed that Sarah J. Manson, the decedent, had no interest in the realty at the time the bill was filed ; that she had had a life estate only.
It must be conceded that if the property sold was not owned by the decedent, and was not subject to her debts, the decree of sale was void; and it must also be conceded that, by the allegations of the bill, the court was obliged to take notice of the contents and legal import of the deed creating and defining Poulson's estate as trustee.
It is admitted that the real estate in question was paid for by moneys belonging to Mrs. Manson; that, under the terms
, the trust deeds, she had the right to occupy the premises, Lnd to receive the rents and profits thereof for her sole and separate use, her receipt alone being a valid discharge for such rents and profits; that it should be lawful for her, at any time, and from time to time, during her life to dispose of said premises either by absolute sale or mortgage thereof as she might think proper; that, in default of any such sale or mortgage, or so far as the same shall not extend, upon further trust for such person or persons, and for such estate and in such parts, shares and proportions, as she, the said Sarah J.
VOL. cLxVI-35

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
Manson, should or might, from time to time, by any deed or instrument of writing, or by her last wilL and testament, under her hand and seal (which will she was authorized to make),. limit, direct or appoint, give or devise the same; and in default of any such limitation, direction and appointment, gift or devise, in trust for such child or children as she should leave surviving her and the issue of any deceased child, such issue taking his, her or their parent's or parents' share; and for default of all such children or issue, then in trust for the right heirs of the said Sarah J. Manson forever; and that all money which should or might be raised by sale or mortgage of the said premises or any part thereof should be paid to the said Sarah J. Manson and be disposed of as she should or might think best, her receipt being a valid discharge therefor, the party paying the same not being bound to see to the application or disposition thereof.
The record does not inform us upon what view of the legal import of these provisions the district court proceeded in. awarding the decree of sale. It may have been thought that such a trust did not protect the real estate described from the creditors of Sarah J. Manson, either during her life or at her death. Nichols v. Eaton, 91 U. S. 716. Or the court may have regarded the will of Sarah J. Manson, though not so executed as to permit it to be proven in the District of Columbia, as a sufficient exercise of the power of appointment, in which case, according to a rule well established in England and in this country, where a person has a general power of appointment, either by deed or will, and executes this power, the property appointed is deemed, in equity, part of his assets, and subject to the demands of his creditors in preference to the claims of his voluntary appointees or legatees. Clapp v. Ingrahamn, 126 Mass. 200; Brandies v. Cochrane, 112 U. S. 344.
We do not wish to be understood as intimating that either of such views would have been a sound construction of the trust deed; but we do say that these were questions before the district court for decision, and if any error was committed by that court the remedy was by appeal or by a bill of review if duly filed.

MANSON v. DUNCANSON.
Opinion of the Court.
We adopt the language and reasoning of the Court of Appeals in this case:
"It is certainly the policy of the law to maintain judicial sales, and every reasonable inducement should be indulged to uphold them, otherwise the public would become distrustful, and fair prices for property sold under judicial authority would seldom be obtained. Purchasers, while they are required to take notice of the existence and terms of the decrees or judgments under which they purchase, and as to the parties bound thereby, cannot be required to become judicial critics, and to pass in review, at their peril, upon the correctness of the proceedings upon which the judgments or decrees may be founded. As was pertinently said by the Supreme Court of the United States, in the case of Thompson v. T"olmie, 2 Pet. 168: ' After a lapse of years, presumptions must be made in favor of what does not appear. If the purchaser was responsible for the mistakes of the court, in point of fact, after they had adjudicated upon the facts, and acted upon them, these sales would be snares for honest men. The purchaser is not bound to see whether the court was mistaken in the facts of debts and children. The decree of the orphans' court in a case within its jurisdiction is reversible only on appeal, and not collaterally in another suit. When a court has jurisdiction it has a right to decide every question that may arise in the cause; and whether its decisions be correct or not, its judgment, until reversed, is regarded as binding in every other court.'
"These principles apply in all respects and with special force in this case. It was for the court whose decree is attempted to be impeached, not only to decide on the facts before it, but upon the construction and legal effect of all deeds and muniments of title upon which the proceeding was based. The court having general jurisdiction over the subject-matter of decreeing the sale of real estate of a deceased debtor for the payment of debts, it had the right and was required to determine the question as to the liability of the property for the debts, and whether the case was within its jurisdiction; and though its decision may have been erroneous, it could only be reversed upon a direct appeal."

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.

Syllabus.

"It is of no aVail," said this court in Cooper v. Reynold8,

10 Wall. 308, "to show that there are errors in the record,

unless they be such as prove that the court had no jurisdiction

of the case, or that the judgment rendered was beyond its

power. This principle has been often held by this court and

by all courts, and it takes rank as an axiom of the law."

And in Cornett v. WilliamS, 20 Wall. 226, it was declared

that "the settled rule of law is that jurisdiction having at-

tached in the original case everything done within the power

of that jurisdiction, when collaterally questioned, is to be held

conclusive of the rights of the parties, unless impeached for

fraud."

Having concluded that the district court had jurisdiction

over the parties and the subject-matter, and that its decree

cannot be successfully impeached in this collateral proceeding,

it is unnecessary to consider other questions suggested in the

record and discussed in the briefs of the counsel.

The decree of the Court of Appeals is

Aj 'rmed.

In re LENNON.
CERTIORARI TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT.
No. 254. Submitted March 30, 1897. -Deided April 19, 1897.
Parties to collateral proceedings are bound by the jurisdictional averments In the record, and will not be permitted to dispute them except so far as they may have contained a false recital with respect to such parties.
Where the requisite citizenship appears on the face of a bill, the jurisdic' tion of the court cannot be attacked by evidence dehors the record, in a collateral proceeding by one who was not a party to the bill.
A bill brought solely to enforce compliance with the Interstate Commerce Act, and to compel railroad companies to comply with such act by offering proper and reasonable facilities for interchange of traffic with the company, complainant, and enjoining them from refusing to receive from complainant, for transportation over their lines, any cars which might be tendered them, exhibits a case arising under the Constitution and laws of the United States of which a Circuit Court has jurisdiction.

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Syllabus.
MAY v. MAY.
APPEAL FROM THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT OF
COLUMBIA.'
No. 269. Argued April 2, 5, 1897. -Decided May 10, 1897.
The power of a court of equity to remove a trustee, and to substitute another in his place, is incidental to its paramount duty to see that trusts are properly executed; and may properly be exercised, whenever such a state of mutual ill-feeling, growing out of his behavior, exists between him and his cotrustee or the beneficiaries, that his continuance in office would be detrimental to the execution of the trust, even if for no other reason than that human infirmity would prevent them from working in harmony with him, and although charges of misconduct against him are either not made out, or are greatly exaggerated.
A testator devised all his estate to his wife and a son, in trust to pay to the wife one third of the income of the real estate for life, and one third of the personal property absolutely; to divide the income of the other two,thirds of the estate, after paying his debts and cancelling existing mortgages, among his children and their issue; and in certain circumstan es to sell or mortgage the real estate, if necessary; the two trustees to exercise jointly all the powers conferred, except that the son should manage the real estate, collect the rents thereof, pay the taxes and other expenses thereon, and render monthly accounts to the wife; and gave the other children, "for good and sufficient cause," and with the widow's concurrence, power "by their unanimous resolution" to remove him from his office of trustee, and to appoint another person in his stead. Reld, that the other children, with the concurrence of the widow, had power to remove him, for what they determined to be good and sufficient cause, subject to the jurisdiction of a court of equity to restrain abuse of the power; and that his removal from the office of trustee terminated his authority to manage the real estate.
The filing of a bill by a trustee under a will to obtain the instructions of a court of equity in the execution of his trust does not suspend a power of removing him given to the beneficiaries by the will; but only subjects their action to the supervision and control of the court.
Upon a bill in equity by a trustee for instructions in the execution of his trust, the court will not decide questions depeinding upon future events, and affecting the rights of parties not in being, and unnecessary to be decided for the present guidance of the trustee.
Under a will by which the testator devises and bequeathes all his estate in trust to pay to his widow one third of the net annual income of the real estate during her life, and one third of the personal property absolutely, and to divide the income of the estate, with the exception of her thirds

MAY v. MAY.
Statement of the Case.
after paying his debts and cancelling existing mortgages, among his children, the widow is entitled to a third of the income of the real estate, deducting taxes, insurance and repairs, but without any deduction for interest on debts or mortgages.
THIS was an appeal from a decree of the Court of Appeals which affirmed a decree of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, removing the appellant from the office of trustee under the will and codicil of his father, Dr. John Frederick May, of Washington, in the District -of Columbia, who died there May 1, 1891, leaving a widow, Sarah Maria, May, and six children, William and Frederick and four daughters, all of age; a large estate, consisting mostly of real estate in the city of Washington; and a will and codicil, both of which were duly admitted to probate.
By the will, dated February 4, 1890, he devised- and bequeathed all his estate, real and personal, to his wife, and her heirs and assigns, upon the following trusts: 1st. That she should receive one third of the net annual income of his real estate during her life, one third of his personal property absolutely, and the use for her life of his dwelling-house in Washington. 2d.. That his estate should be kept intact and undivided while any of his children lived; dnd the rents and profits, with the exception of his wife's thirds, be applied to the payment of his debts, and especially to the cancelling of any incumbrance or mortgage existing at the time of his death; and, after full payment and cancellation of such debts and incumbrances, be equally divided among his children. 3d. That any part of the estate might be sold by the trustee, if manifestly for the benefit of his heirs, and the proceeds reinvested in real estate, or in mortgages of a particular kind; and that such parts of the estate, as should at the time of his death be subject to mortgages, might, upon the expiration of such mortgages, and if the trustee should be unable to pay or cancel them, be remortgaged. 4th. That, upon the death of any child leaving issue, its share of the rents and profits should go to its issue. The testator also gave his wife "the power to appoint a trustee to succeed her should she deem it best at any time to do so" ; appointed her executrix of his will; and

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Statement of the Oase.
directed that she should not be required to give bond as trustee or as executrix.
On December 17, 1890, the testator gave William May a power of attorney to lease or rent his real estate in the city of Washington, to recover possession of the same, and to collect the rents thereof.
The codicil was dated March 27, 1891, and, omitting the formal parts, was as follows:
" I hereby appoint my son, William May, cotrustee with my wife, Sarah Maria May, my said son and my wife to have and exercise the powers and authority in my said will mentioned and created, except as hereinafter otherwise directed. It is my further wish, and I hereby will and direct, that my said son, William May, shall take charge of my real estate (except my present dwelling house, which shall be and remain in the exclusive charge of my wife during her life) and care for and manage the same for the best interests of my said estate, and in accordance with the terms of my said will; and he shall collect the rents and income of my said real estate, and pay the lawful taxes and assessments, and other expenses thereon, and shall keep the same in good repair. Itis my will, and I so direct, that the taxes, insurance and repairs of my said dwelling-house shall be paid out of the general income of my other real estate.
" For the said service of my son, William May, in caring for and managing said estate, and for collecting the rents and paying the taxes and assessments, and other services, as hereinbefore directed, he shall and may retain from money so collected, as his compensation, a commission equal to five per centum of the amount of money by him collected from said estate; and the said William May shall render to my said wife full and true accounts of the rents by him collected, and of the disbursements by him made in the execution of this trust, such accounts to be rendered each and every month, and shall be accompanied by the vouchers for such disbursements. After the death of my wife, said accounts shall be rendered to my other heirs. It is my will that no commission shall be paid to my wife, as a trustee.

MAY v. MAY.
Statement of the Case.
"I hereby further will and direct that, for good and sufficient cause, my other heirs, with the concurrence of my wife if she be living, shall have and they are hereby given the power, by their unanimous resolution, to remove my said son, William May, from his office as such trustee, and to appoint another person in his stead.
"It is my wish that neither of my said trustees shall be required to give a bond or other security in reference to the execution of the trusts created by my said will or this codicil."
On May 2, 1892, before the estate had been fully administered, William May, as "trustee of John Frederick May, deceased, and in his own right," filed in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia a bill against his mother, brother and sisters, to obtain the instructions of the court as to the execution of the trust, and especially upon the effect of the omission of the will to dispose of the principal of the estate after the termination of the trust, and upon the question whether the widow was entitled to a full third of the income without allowing for or deducting the interest upon outstanding mortgages.
On July 5, 1892, answers to the bill were filed in behalf of all the defendants; and on September 28, 1892, the plaintiff filed a general replication.
On November 25, 1892, an instrument was drawn up, purporting to be a "deed, declaration and resolution made" by the four daughters and by Frederick May, and by the widow joining therein as evidence of her concurrence, reciting the clause of the codicil authorizing the removal of William May from his office as trustee and the appointment of another person in his stead; and further reciting that "good and sufficient cause exists for the exercise of such power of removal and substitution, for a number of reasons," some of which, without admitting it to be obligatory to state them, were stated to be that he had failed to render full and true accounts, as required by the codicil; that he made excessive and improper charges against the estate; and that "by his intolerably domineering and disagreeable manner in discussing

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Statement of the Case.
the affairs of the trust with his cotrustee, displays of anger when questioned, and attempts to browbeat legitimate opposition and criticism, he has compelled said cotrustee to decline any direct communication with him upon business matters, and she is obliged to employ an expert accountant to examine and report upon the monthly accounts of said William May, and act as her representative in relation to the affairs of the trust." The instrument concluded with the statement that therefore the four daughters and Frederick May, with the concurrence of the widow, "have unanimously resolved, and do hereby resolve, that said William May be and he is hereby removed from his office as trustee or cotrustee under the said codicil and the will of said John Frederick May, deceased, and further that they, the declarants aforesaid, by their unanimous resolution, have appointed and do hereby appoint William I. Dennis, of Washington, D. C., trustee in the stead of said William May, removed, to the fullest extent of the powers conferred by said first codicil."-
This instrument was signed and sealed by the widow and the four daughters in person, and by the widow as attorney in fact of Frederick May ; and was acknowledged before a notary public on November 26, 1892, by the widow and two of the daughters, and on December 3, 1892, by the other two daughters. The widow, at that time, helda power of attorney, executed July 2, 1891, by. Frederick May, then residing at 'Valparaiso in the Republic of Chili, appointing her his attorn6y "to do and perform any act or acts necessary to be done or performed to protect and care for" his interest in the estate of his father.
William H. Dennis, by writing upon the resolution of removal, accepted the appointment made and the trust conferred thereby; and on December 29, 1892, wrote and sent a letter to the plaintiff, enclosing a copy of the instrument, as well as a letter from the attorney of the defendants, requesting the plaintiff to turn over to Dennis the possession of all property of the testator in his possession or control, and all documents appertaining to the estate.
On January 3, 1893, the plaintiff filed a petition in the

MAY v. MAY.
Statement of the Case.
cause, alleging that the widow and daughters, in undertaking to remove him from the office of trustee, and in making the resolution of removal, falsely and deceitfully pretended that the removal was for good and sufficient cause, and did not act with good faith, but from invidious motives; that they had no power to remove him, pending this suit, except upon application to the court; and that the signature of Frederick May by the widow as his attorney was nugatory and of no effect; specifically denying all the allegations of the resolution of removal; and praying for an injunction against the defendants and Dennis from claiming any right or doing any act under that resolution. On January 7, 1893, upon the plaintiff's motion, Dennis was made a party defendant to the suit; and on January 24, 1893, a temporary injunction was granted as prayed for.
On March 7, 1893, the defendants, by leave given January 21, 1893, filed a cross bill, praying that the plaintiff be decreed to surrender possession of the real estate and all moneys and documents in his charge as cotrustee to Dennis as his successor, and to settle his final account.
Frederick May, on May 8, 1893, executed and acknowledged before a notary public in the city of Washington a deed, ratifying, approving and confirming the acts of the widow in voting for and executing in his behalf the resolution of removal, and also the filing of the prior answer and cross bill in his behalf; and on June 6, 1893, personally appeared in the cause, and, by leave of court, filed a supplemental answer to the like effect.
After a filing of an answer to the cross bill, and a general replication to that answer, and other motions and pleadings not material to be stated, much evidence was taken (the substance of which is stated in the opinion of this court) and the case was heard upon pleadings and proofs before the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia; and that court, on July 31, 1894, entered a final decree, by which the injunction granted on the plaintiff's petition was dissolved ; "and it appearing to the court that the heirs of John Frederick May, deceased, other than said William May, with the concurrence of Sarah

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Statement of the Case.
Maria May, widow of said deceased testator, proceeded rightfully and within the power conferred by the first codicil to the will of said testator in removing, by their unanimous resolution, dated November 25, 1892, for good and sufficient cause, said William May from his office as trustee or cotrustee named in first codicil, and in appointing the defendant William H. Dennis in his stead; and it further appearing to the court from the proofs that there existed good and sufficient cause why the said William May ought to have been removed, from said office of cotrustee, more particularly on account of the discordant relations between him on one side and his cotrustee and all the beneficiaries of the trust except himself on the other side," it was decreed that William May within twenty days surrender possession and control of the trust property in his hands, and all leases, papers and books pertaining to the trust, and all moneys of the trust estate, derived from the collection of rents or otherwise, to the widow and Dennis as cotrustees, and that all the powers and duties originally conferred upon him by the will and codicil be vested in them ; that he be perpetually enjoined and restrained from acting as cotrustee, and from interfering with their possession and management of the trust property, "without prejudice, however, to the right of said William May to apply to this court as iemay be advised, in his quality as a beneficiary interested in said trust"; and that he render a full and final account of all his receipts and disbursements as cotrustee; and it was further adjudged that the widow (in addition to the other provisions for her benefit) was entitled to receive for life to her own use one third of the net income from the rents and profits of the real estate, after deducting taxes, insurance and repairs, and without any deduction for interest paid or to be paid on debts of the testator, or on any mortgages or incumbrances upon his estate.
The plaintiff appealed to the Court of Appeals, which affirmed the decree, with costs, and afterwards denied a motion to amend it so as to allow him his costs and counsel fees in the cause. 5 App. D. C. 552. Thereupon ieappealed to this court

MAY v. MAY.
Opinion of the Court.

Mr. W. D. Davidgefor appellants. Mr. W. D. Davidge,Jr., was on his brief.

Mr. Enoch Totten and ilr. appellees.

William Henry Dennis for

MR. JUSTICE GRAY, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.

The important question in this case is whether William May has been rightly removed from the office of trustee under the
will and codicil of his father. As to the facts bearing upon this question, we concur, after
careful examination of the voluminous record, in the conclusions expressed by the courts below in the following passages
of their opinions: In the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, Justice
Hagner said: "In the present case, the testimony clearly proves that between Mrs. May, the other trustee, and William May there exists so wide a breach that they can have no personal communication. The jealousy and unfriendliness existing before the testator's death on each side has widened into positive, distinct and most unnatural enmity. On William May's part, it has been undoubtedly increased by his mother's positive refusal to confer with him on the business of the estate, because, as she testifies, quarrels would always result from such conferences, which would be perilous to her health, and also by the terms in which she had expressed herself towards-him in her pleadings and testimony in this cause and by her execution of the instrument intended to effect his removal; and, on the part of Mrs. May, that dislke has been intensified by the statements in William May's pleadings and his testimony, and perhaps more pointedly because of his introduction of the painful correspondence, many years old, between her husband and herself, and of Dr. May's letters to the plaintiff on the subject of his domestic troubles. She and all the beneficiaries have testified in painful terms that they believe him to be untrustworthy, dishonest, dictatorial and

OCTOBER TERAM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
disagreeable in manner, and incompetent ak a business man. Under such circumstances, anything like free conference between the trustees, or concert of action, in the proper sense of the term, is impossible. If either is to act at all as trustee, each must pursue his or her independent way, with a certainty of differing as to the proper performance of many of the duties of the trust, if not as to all." "This unfortunate state of feeling between the trustee and sisters and brother must equally prevent that peaceable intercourse that beneficiaries should enjoy with the party charged with the management of their interests in this considerable estate. They are certainly entitled to confer in peace with the agent appointed to manage their affairs, and receive from him good-t.empered explanations, and give their suggestions as to what they consider the proper steps in the management of their business, without risk of unpleasant disputes, naturally liable to increase in violence at each successive difference. Such a state of affairs would ultimately become insufferable, and most hurtful to the interests of all concerned."
The Court of Appeals, speaking by Justice Morris, expressed the same view as follows: " Dissension, however, very soon arose between William May on the one side, and his mother, brother and sisters, on the other; and, as usual in such cases, the dissensions became intense and bitter. There is in the record a painful disclosure of domestic discord which should have been avoided, and into the details of which we do not deem it necessary for the purposes of this case to enter." "As we have stated, we will not enter into any investigation of the causes of dissension between the parties, or of the reasonableness or unreasonableness of their respective positions. That there is dissension, bitter and uncompromising, is beyond question. That such dissension precludes intercourse between the parties, is their mutual declaration. If there can be no intercourse between them, no communication of views, their joint execution of their joint trust is an impossibility. The due execution of the trust requires concurrence of action, and consultation preliminary to action." 5 App. D. C. 555, 561.
We agree with both the lower courts in thinking it to be

MAY v. MAY.

319

Opinion of the Court.
unnecessary and undesirable to enter upon a discussion of the conflicting testimony, or to enlarge upon the details of the conduct and expressions of the parties.
It is sufficient to say that, while nothing is shown to justify an imputation of dishonesty against the appellant, it is indisputable that, from the time of his entering upon the execution of the trust, he treated his mother and cotrustee without due respect and consideration, and was somewhat careless and inaccurate in his accounts rendered to her; that his conduct was calculated to excite, and did excite, resentment in her, sympathy with her in his sisters and brother, and suspicion and distrust upon the part of all of them; and that, as is too apt to happen in family quarrels, the breach once made became wider and wider until there was no longer any natural, or even friendly, intercourse between the appellant and the
rest of the family. What, then, are the rules of law applicable to the case,
taking into consideration the peculiar provisions of the will
and codicil? The testator by his will, dated February 4, 1890, devised
all his estate to his widow in fee, in trust, to receive herself one third of the income of the real estate for life, and one third of the personal property absolutely; to divide the income of the other two thirds of the estate, after paying his debts and cancelling existing mortgages, among his children and the issue of any deceased child; and, in certain circumstances, to sell or mortgage the real estate; and gave, her power to appoint a trustee to succeed her, and appointed her sole executrix. Some ten months afterwards, on December 17, 1890, he gave his son William a power of attorney to lease or rent his real estate, to recover possession of the same, and to collect the rents thereof. About three months later, on March 27, 1891, he executed the codicil, by which he appointed William a cotrustee with the widow, the two together to have and exercise all the powers created by the will, except that William alone was to take charge of, care for, manage and 'keep in repair the real estate, to collect the rents thereof, and to pay the taxes and other expenses thereon,

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
receiving a commission of five per cent on his collections, and rendering monthly'accounts to the widow. The separate authority thus given to William was substantially that of an agent, little more than he had under the power of attorney in his father's lifetime. The powers of paying and cancelling mortgages, and of distributing income among the children, and of making sales or new mortgages of the real estate, belonged to him and the widow jointly as trustees; and were active trusts, requiring mutual consultation and the exercise of discretion in carrying them into execution.
The clause in the codicil, which gave his other heirs, "for good and sufficient cause," and with the concurrence of the widow, power "by their unanimous resolution" to remove William May from his office as trustee, and to appoint another person in his stead, was evidently intended to enable them to remove him by their own act, without being obliged to resort to a court of equity. If no such power had been given them by the testator, any one of them could have applied to a court of equity, and have had the trustee removed, on proving good and sufficient cause therefor, satisfactory to the court. If the words "for good and sufficient cause," in the codicil, mean only such cause as would be deemed by a court of equity to be good and sufficient, the only effect of conferring the express power of removal would be to restrict the power of removal by requiring their action to be unanimous. This cannot have been the testator's intention. The extent of the power conferred appears to us to have been well and accurately stated by the Court of Appeals in these few words: "The power to remove their trustee was vested in the defendants to this cause. The power to determine when there was good and sufficient cause for such remoVal was necessarily in them also, subject to the restraining power of a court of equity against the abuse of it." 5 App. D. C. 561.
The power of a court of equity to remove a trustee, and to substitute another in his place, is incidental to its paramount duty to see that trusts are properly executed; and may properly be exercised whenever such a state of mutual

MAY v. MAY.
Opinion of the Court.
ill-feeling, growing out of his behavior, exists between the trustees, or between the trustee in question and the beneficiaries, that his continuance in office would be detrimental to the execution of the trust, even if for no other reason than that human infirmity would prevent the cotrustee or the beneficiaries from working in harmony with him, and although charges of misconduct against him are either not made out, or are greatly exaggerated. Uvedale v. Etrick, 2 Ch. Cas. 130; -etterstedt v. Broers, 9 App. Cas. 371, 386; McPherson v. Cox, 96 U. S. 404, 419; Scott v. Rand, 118 Mass. 215, 218; Wilson v. Wilson, 145 Mass. 490, 493; 2 Story Eq. Jur. § 1288.
A good illustration of this is afforded by the leading case of Uvedale v. Ettrick, above cited, decided by Lord Chancellor Nottingham in 1682. In that case, the plaintiff's husband, being seized of Horton and other manors, by his will devised them to his wife and Ettrick and three other persons, in trust to be sold, "and, after his debts and legacies paid, the surplus of the land to be conveyed to his heir"; and died, "having, after his marriage with the plaintiff, mortgaged Horton, so as the plaintiff was dowable of all the estate." She brought a bill in equity against Ettrick and the other three trustees and the heir-" which was to have a sale made, but principally that Ettrick might be put out of the trust." The other three trustees declined the trust. The bill alleged that the plaintiff "was drawn into agreement to release her dower" in the other manors, "and to give a bond of £4000 that, if any of the children died, she would not take administration, except they all died; after which, Ettrick turns to be the plaintiff's enemy, and divers matters are charged in the bill upon Ettrick, as if he practised to get Horton, and to be the whole manager himself." At the hearing, the plaintiff declared in court that she was content to accept dower in the manor of Horton, and to join in the sale of the rest of the land, thereby to extinguish her dower therein, "so that Ettrick might be discharged of the trust. On the other side, Ettrick insisted to be continued in the trust, and would attend a master from time to time to get
VOL. CLXV-21

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
a purchaser, and to do all reasonable acts," etc. "Lord Chancellor. 'I like not that a man should be ambitious of a trust, when he can get nothing but trouble by it'; and declared that, without any reflection on Ettrick, he should meddle no farther in the trust, etc." 2 Gh. Cas. 131.
The facts of the case at bar, therefore, far from showing any abuse of the power conferred by the testator, present a state of things which would justify a removal of the appellant by a court of equity, had the will been silent upon the subject.
The filing of this bill by one trustee did not suspend the power of removal given by the will to the beneficiaries with the concurrence of the other trustee; but only subjected their action to the supervision and control of the court. Cafe v. Bent, 3 Hare, 245, 249.
The form in which their power to remove the appellant was undertaken to be executed was by a resolution in writing, declaring that there was good and sufficient cause for his removal; specifying, among other reasons, his failure to render full and true accounts to his cotrustee, and his domineering and disagreeable conduct towards her; and signed by the widow and the four daughters in person, and by the widow as attorney in fact of the other son. Whether the widow was authorized by the power of attorney from 'him to act in his behalf in the removal need not be considered, since he afterwards formally ratified her action, and the unanimous wish of all concerned that the removal should take place was made manifest to the court before it acted upon the matter.
The necessary conclusion is that the decree appealed from, in so far as it ordered William May to be removed from his office as trustee, was in accordance with law and justice.
The direction, in the decree, that he should surrender possession and control of the trust property, and all the leases and papers in his hands, and all moneys, whether derived from the collection of rents or otherwise, was a necessary incident of his removal and the appointment of a new trustee in his stead. The management of the real estate would have been one of the duties imposed upon the two trustees jointly by the first clause of the codicil, but for the concluding words of

MAY v. MAY.
Opinion of the Court.
that clause, "except as hereinafter otherwise directed," followed by the direction that he should manage the real estate. This duty of management was not separate from, but annexed to, his office of trustee; and after his removal from that office, he could not perform this or any other duty connected with the administration of the trust.
The question who will take the estate after the deaths of the wife and the children cannot be decided now, before those events happen, and in the absence of parties who may then be interested. Upon a bill in equity by a trustee for instructions in the execution of his trust, the court will not decide questions depending upon future events, and affecting the rights of persons not in being, and unnecessary to be decided for the present guidance of the trustee. As was said by Mr. Justice Grier, "The court has no power to decree in thesi, as to the future rights of parties not before the court or in esse." Cr088 v. De Valle, 1 Wall. 1, 16.
The decree, in allowing the wife one third of the net income of the real estate, deducting taxes, insurance and repairs, but without any deduction for interest on debts or mortgages, was clearly in accordance with the explicit provisions of the will, that she should receive one third of the net annual income, and that her thirds should be exempted from the payment of debts or mortgages.
That part of the decree which substitutes Dennis as trustee in the place of the appellant was not specifically objected to in argument, and we allude to it only to prevent any inference that, in affirming the decree generally, we express any opinion upon the question whether Dennis, by acting as counsel for the rest of the family throughout this suit, and supporting all the charges, whether grave or frivolous, made by them against the appellant, has so far identified himself with one side of this unhappy controversy as to make it unfit that he should hold the office of trustee under the will. That question is left to be dealt with by the court below, under the right reserved by the decree to the appellant to apply to the court as he may be advised, in his quality as a beneficiary interested in the trust.
Decree a rmed.

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY.
Syllabus.
recognized political power in any way corresponding to a state, prince, colony or district, and can in no way change my conclusion heretofore expressed, and the libel must be dismissed."

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH, FORT WAYNE AND CHICAGO RAILWAY COMPANY.

CERTIFICATE FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THIRD CIRCUIT.

APPEALS

FOR

THE

No. 481. Submitted May 7, 1896. Decided March 1, 1897.

A single verdict and judgment in ejectment, when not conclusive under the laws and in the courts of a State, is no bar to a second action of ejectment In the courts of the United States.
When the construction of certain words in deeds or wills of real estate has become a settled rule of property in a State, that construction is to be followed by the courts of the United States in determining the title to land within the State, whether between the same or between other parties.
A single decision of the highest court of a State upon the construction of the words of a particular devise is not conclusive evidence of the law of the State, in a case in a court of the United States, involving the construction of the same or like words, between other parties, or even between the same parties or their privies, unless presented under such circumstances as to be an adjudication of their rights.
In Pennsylvania, under a will executed and taking effect before the passage of the statute of 1838, by which "all devises of real estate shall pass the whole estate of the testator in the premises devised, although there be no words of inheritance or of perpetuity, unless it appear by a devise over, or by words of limitation or otherwise in the will, that the testator intended to devise a less estate," and beginning with the statement that the testator was desirous of making a distribution of his property in the event of his decease, a devise of a parcel of land, without words of inheritance, gave an estate in fee, unless qualified by other provisions of the will.
A devise over in the event of a married woman "dying without offspring by her husband" is equivalent to a devise in the event of her" dying without
issue." In Pennsylvania, in a will executed and taking effect before the statute ,f
1855, enlarging estates tail into estates in fee, a devise of certain lots of land to A in fee, and " in the event of A dying unmarried, or, if married, dying without offspring by her husband, then these lots are to be sold,

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Statement of the Case,
and the proceeds to be divided equally among the heirs of B," looked to an indefinite failure of issue of A, and gave A an estate tail. A power to sell land upon the expiration of an estate tail, and to divide the proceeds among persons then ascertainable, is not within the rule against perpetuities. In a will devising certain land to A, and, if A die without issue, " then to be sold and the proceeds divided equally among the heirs of B," and directing the residue of the testator's estate to be sold and the proceeds divided into sixteen shares, of which two are given to B and' two others to "the heirs of B," both B and his children being alive at the time of the testator's death, the word "heirs " in the specific devise applies either to children or to more remote descendants of B, whichever may be his heirs if he be dead, or his heirs apparent if he be living, when the devise takes effect. Oral testimony to a testator's state of health at the time of publishing his will, or to his length of life afterwards, is incompetent to control the construction or effect of devises therein.
THis was a certificate from the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit of questions on which it desired the instruction of this Court, and, as originally made, was (omitting the words printed in brackets below) as follows:
"This was an action of ejectment, and comes before this court on a writ of error to the United States Circuit Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania, which entered judgment for the defendants.
"First. The. parties to the action both claimed title to the land in controversy under the will of James S. Stevenson, deceased, dated March 11, 1831, which is in the words following, to wit:
"'I, James S. Stevenson, of the city of Pittsburgh, in the State of Pennsylvania, aged fifty years on the 12th day of January, 1831, reflecting on the certainty of death, and desirous of making a distribution of my property in the event of my decease, do hereby declare this writing to be my last will and testament, made this twelfth day of March in the, year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.
"' I give and bequeath to Amanda Stephens, daughter of Margaret Stephens, lots 67, 68, 69 and 70, in the city of Pittsburgh, in their full extent, bounded by Penn street, Wayne street, the Allegheny river and by lot 71. Said Amanda Stephens

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY.

Statement of the Case.

is now five years old (born April 7, 1826). -

Ste-

phens and -,

his wife, the parents of Amanda's mother,

live near Connellsville, in Fayette county, Pennsylvania. "' In the event of Amanda dying unmarried, or, if married,

dying without offspring by her husband, then these lots are to be sold, and the proceeds to be divided equally among the heirs of John Barber, of Columbia, Pennsylvania.
'I give and bequeath to John Barber, of Columbia, and to his heirs, the lots in the city of Pittsburgh, numbered 71 and 72, bounded by Penn street, by lot 70, by the Allegheny

river and by lot 73.

"I give and bequeath to Mary Livingston's children the lot 74 in the city of Pittsburgh. And to her unmarried sister, Eliza Stevenson, I give and bequeath the lot 73 in the city of Pittsburgh, and in the event of her death the lot to go to her sister's children. Mary Livingston and Eliza Stevenson are daughters of the late Colonel S. Stevenson, son of Robert Stevenson, of York county, Pennsylvania.

" I give and bequeath to the sons of James Stevenson, formerly of York county, but who died in Lycoming county in 1810 or 1811, the brick and other buildings, with the ground on which they are erected, situated at the corner of Wood and Fifth streets, Pittsburgh. These sons are Stephen, Manning, Reuben, Samuel and I. Stevenson.
"' All the remainder of my property to be sold, and, after paying my debts, to be divided into sixteen shares, and to be disposed of as follows: To Amanda Stephens, one share; to Mary Livingston, one share; to Eliza Stevenson, one share; to Stephen Stevenson, within named, one share; to James Wright, of Columbia, or his heirs, two shares; to John Barber, of Columbia, two shares; to Ant) Elliott, formerly Ann West, now wife of Rev. Mr. 'Elliott, of Washington county, one share; to Jane E. Thecker, niece of the late Rev. Mr. Kerr, one sixteenth (or one share); to the heirs of John Barber, of Columbia, two shares; to the heirs of James Wright, of Columbia, two shares; to Charles Avery, J. M. Snowden and John Thaw, to be divided equally, two shares.

'Ihereby constitute and appoint the said Charles Avery,

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.

Statement of the Case.

J. M. Snowden and John Thaw, and John Barber, the executors of this my will.
"'Signed at Pittsburgh this 11th day of March, 1831.

'Witness:

"'JAS. S. STEVENSON.

"'GEo. OGDEN,

'J. S. CRAFT.'"

"Second. That on October 16, 1831, when confined to his room by sickness, [and after a dangerous illness for two weeks preceding his death,] the testator [though he had theretofore signed his will] first published [the same] his will in the presence of witnesses, whom he called to attest it, and a few hours thereafter died ; and this will, on October 18, 1831, was duly probated; [which facts as to the time and circumstances of publication were not found by the special verdict, on which judgment was entered in the ejectment suit in the state courts of Pennsylvania].
"Third. That the said Amanda Stephens, then a child of five years of age, survived the testator, and in 1847 intermarried with Samuel Haight; that in 1848 she and her husband executed a deed, intended to bar a supposed estate tail in the land covered by the devise, which, upon the assumption that she had taken an estate tail, would have been sufficient for that purpose; that she had children by her said husband, who, as well as her husband, died in her lifetime, and that she died [never having married again,] on September 21, 1891. [But she and her husband in their lifetime, and after said steps to bar the entail, conveyed in fee simple to the defendants and others the property here in dispute.]
"Fourth. That, at the date of the death of the testator, John Barber was alive, married and had children, some of whom are plaintiffs in this action.
"Fifth. That on March 20, 1893, S. Duffield Mitchell, administrator de bonis non cure teslamento annexo of James S. Stevenson, deceased, brought an action of ejectment against these defendants in the court of common pleas in and for Allegheny county, Pennsylvania, to recover the land here in controversy,

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY.
Statement of the Case.
in which action a verdict was rendered under the direction of the court for the defendants, on which judgment was entered accordingly; that on writ of error to the Supreme Court of the State this judgment was affirmed.
"Sixth. That on February 2, 1895, a second action of ejectment for the same land was brought by the plaintiffs in this suit in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Pennsylvania, in which a verdict under the direction of the court was rendered for the defendants, on which judgment was entered accordingly; to which judgment a writ of error was sued out from the Circuit Court of Appeals of the Third Circuit, being the writ of error upon which the questions now to be submitted have arisen.
"The said Court of Appeals, desiring the instruction of the Supreme Court of the United States for its proper decision of the following questions or propositions of law, respectfully certifies the same:
"First. Is the decision of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, before referred to, conclusive? If not, then,
"Second. What estate did Amanda Stephens take under the devise?"
At the suggestion of both parties, and by order of the Circuit Court of Appeals, the certificate was afterwards amended by inserting the words above printed in brackets in the second and third paragraphs thereof ; by striking out those in italics in the second paragraph; by adding to the fifth paragraph copies of the opinions delivered, in the action therein described, by Judge Ewing in the court of common pleas of Allegheny county, not reported, and therefore (omitting the preliminary statement of facts) printed in the margin,' and by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, as reported
1 "The testator evidently intended to dispose of all his property. The devise to Amanda Stephens, followed by the limitations over, or without them, created a fee, whether in tail or contingent. The circumstances, the age of the devisee, and the will leave us in no doubt that the contingency of Amanda's death did not mean her death before the testator.
"W hat is the true and legal meaning of the words 'dying without offspring by her husband' ? Legally, if not defined by other parts of the will,

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Counsel for Parties.
in 165 Penn. St. 645; and by adding to the sixth paragraph a copy of the opinion of the Circuit Court of the United States in the present case, as reported in 69 Fed. Rep. 501.
Mr. Willicam T. Barber, Mr. Johin S. Ferguson and Mr. S. Duffeld Mitchell for plaintiffs in error.
.Mr.Johns McCleave and .Mr. D. T. Watson for Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne & Chicago Railway Company, defendants in error, and Mr. Williagn Scott and Mr. George B. Gordon for the Pennsylvania Company, defendants in error, filed a joint brief, contending:
we take offspring to mean descendants, however remote. Thompson v. Beasley, 3 Drewry, 7; Young v. Davies, 2 Dr. & Sm. 167; Allen v. Markell, 36 Penn. St. 117. Webster defines it ' That which is produced, especially a child or children; descendants, however remote from the stock.' The Century Dictionary says, 'Progeny; descendants, however remote from the stock ; issue ; a collective term applied to several or all descendants.' True, it may be confined to children, as in Lister v. Tidd, 29 Beavan, 618, in a division of money at death of widow. In the present case, we interpret the phrase 'dying without offspring by her husband' to have the same legal effect and force as the words ' dying without legitimate issue' or ' heirs of her body.' They are words of limitation, not of purchase.
"Does the will of James S. Stevenson refer to a definite or an indefinite failure of issue or offspring of Amanda Stephens ?
"To undertake to cite, and still more to reconcile, the numerous decisions on this general question would not only be confusing and interminable, but to any clear-headed lawye" it is impossible. The decisions are irreconcilable.
"But there are general rules, well established, Which govern this case. That the words ' dying without issue,' or ' without legitimate issue,' standing alone and uncontrolled by other parts of the will, 'import an indefinite failure of issue is well established, and in all the departures from 'fundamental rules' it has not been shaken in this State ; Eichelberger v. Barnitz, 9 Watts, 447, being the leading 'case, affirmed in Middleswarth v. Blaekmore, 74 Penn. St. 414, and in all subsequent cases when the question has been raised. Primafacie,then, on the settled rule of interpretation, this phrase in the will imports an indefinite failure of issue,
"Another canon of interpretation is properly invoked by the plaintiff, to wit, that the intention of the testator must govern ; and if, from reading the whole will, it is apparent that the testator meant, and has potentially said, that the devise over is to take effect in case the first taker dies leaving no issue living at the time of her death, it is a definite failure of issue.

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY.
Argument for Defendants in Error.
I. The decision of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, holding that under the long-settled rule of property in Pennsylvania, the heirs of John Barber had no title to the property in dispute, is conclusive in the Federal courts.
The proper construction of this Will, under the law of Pennsylvania, has been decided by the highest court of the State in the case of Mitchell v. Pittsburgh,Fort llTayne & Chicago Railway, 165 Penn. St. 645,
That court held that, under the first clause of the will above quoted, Amanda took an absolute estate, and that the limitation over in the second clause of the devise was substitutionary in character, to take effect only upon Amanda dying in
"Middleswarth v. Blackmore, 74 Penn. St. 414, was a case of this kind, where each of several provisions of the will pointed distinctly to a distribution at the death of Jonathan without issue living at his death, and all these provisions taken together showed clearly and conclusively that that was the intention of the testator.
"Is this such a will ? Counsel for plaintiffs have made a very ingenious argument in the affirmative, and, while the case is not free from doubt, they have failed to convince us that the intention of the testator was different from the ordinary legal import of the terms used in the devise.
"The arguments mainly are that it must be presumed that he intended the event to occur, if at all, in the lifetime of his executors named, who would then sell the property and divide the proceeds; also that testator in the devise uses the words 'in the event of' Amanda dying, &c., and that he uses these words in the preamble of his will, ' in the event of my dying,' and in the second [sixth] paragraph of the will, ' in the event of her (Eliza Stevenson's) death'-in these two other cases referring to what is to be done immediately upon the death - that he, in declaring what was to be done in the contingency of Amanda's death, must have intended at and immediately after her death. It may be lie did so intend; but we start with the presumption, the legal rule of interpretation, against it, and in our opinion it is not overcome by the other clauses.
"The legatees of the lProceeds of the property, if sold, were not necessarily in being, or known to testator; it is to ' the heirs of John Barber'; tie same wordslhe uses in another part of the will, ' John Barber and his heirs,' evidently in the latter not meaning children.
" If an indefinite failure of issue was intended, tie fact as to Amanda having had offspring, or her having survived them, is immaterial.
"We are of tie opinion that the will of James S. Stepienso n devised an estate tail in the property in question to Amanda Stephens, which, having been duly banred and the title conveyed to the defendants, they have a good title to the property, and the plaintiff has no title thereto."

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Argument for Defendants in Error.
the lifetime of the testator. And, inasmuch as she survived the testator, any operation of the substitutionary clause forever became impossible.
The Circuit Court below held that because a single verdict and judgment in ejectment in Pennsylvania is not conclusive upon the parties, this decision of the Supreme Court of the State construing the will is not conclusive in a second action in the Federal courts, though, as a precedent, it is entitled to peculiar regard. While it is true that a single verdict and judgment in ejectment is not conclusive upon the parties in Pennsylvania, yet this decision of the Supreme Court of the State, declaring the law of this will, we respectfully submit is conclusive, In a second ejeetment brought in the lower courts of the State this decision of the Supreme Court would be absolutely binding upon the proper legal interpretation of the will. It is true, that upon a second appeal to the Supreme Court, that court might overrule its previous decision, as it might overrule any former decision, but, yet, so long as the decision remained, it would give the law of the State, absolutely binding upon the parties, and upon all subordinate tribunals in the State and upon the judges of the Supreme Court. Undoubtedly, it was the law of the State, the law of this particular will, at the time this case was presented to the Circuit Court below, and must so remain the law until overruled by the Supreme Court of the State.
That the construction of a will, given by the highest court of the State, will be accepted by the Federal courts, was held by this court in Iendersom v. Griffln, 5 Pet. 151.
In Suyda v. Williamson, 24 How. 427, the defendant in ejectment claimed title under a purchaser at a sale of the property had under decree of foreclosure of a mortgage by the Court of Chancery in New York. The plaintiff claimed under a devise in the will of an ancestor in the title, by which devise a certain trust had been created. The title depended upon the validity of the foreclosure proceedings as against the terms of the trust created by the will. The Court of Appeals of New York had decided in favor of the title under the foreclosure in Cochran v. Tan Surlay, 20 Wend.

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY.
Argument for Defendants in Error.
265. Subsequent to this decision of the state court several suits involving the same question were brought to this court: Williamson v. Berry, 8 How. 495; Williams v. Irish Presbyterian Church, 8 How. 565; and Williamson v. Ball,8 How. 566. In each of these cases this court decided contrary to the said decision, and supported the title under the trust in the will as against the title claimed under the foreclosure. Subsequent to the decisions of this court in 8 Howard, the Court of Appeals in New York rendered a decision upon the same title, adhering to its previous decision in Cochran v. Van Surlay, 20 Wend. 365, holding that, as between the judgments of their own courts and those of the courts of the United States, their own are binding where there is a conflict except in cases arising under the Constitution and laws of the United States, when the judgments of the Supreme Court of the United States are controlling authorities. The question presented to this court in the case cited in 24 Howard, was whether they should adhere to their own opinion as expressed in the cases in 8 Howard, or acknowledge the authority of the courts of New York to decide the validity of the title. Upon this question this court yielded to the courts of the State, abandoning their previous determination.
See also Beauregard v. New Orleans, 18 How. 497; Miles v. Caldwell, 2 Wall. 35, 43; Daly v. James, 8 Wheat. 495; Jackson v. Chew, 12 Wheat. 153; Lane v. ,Viek,3 How. 464.
In Swft v. Tyson, 16 Pet. 1, 18, it was said by Mr. Justice Story: "In all the various cases which have hitherto come before us for decision, this court has uniformly supposed that the true interpretation of the 34th section limited its application to state laws strictly local; that is to say the positive statutes of the State and the construction thereof adopted by the local tribunals, and to rights and titles to things having a permanent locality, such as the rights and titles to real estate, and other matters immovable and intraterr:,orial in their nature and character."
In this case we have the decision of the highest court of Pennsylvania directly upon the question as to the right and title of the respective litigants herein to the real estate situ-

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.

Argument for Defendants in Error.

ated in the State of Pennsylvania, and wholly subject to its

jurisdiction. We respectfully submit that, where the highest

court of a State has settled the title of the respective parties

to land within the State, its decision should be respected.

It is a settled rule of property in Pennsylvania construing

wills that the happening of the event on a limitation over as

in Mr. Stevenson's will is restricted to the lifetime of the

testator. Admittedly the event on which John Barber's heirs

would take did not happen in Mr. Stevenson's lifetime.

The decision of the Supreme Court of the State, confirming

the title of the defendant under this will, was made in appli-

cation of the Pennsylvania rule of property, which in Steven-

son v. Fox, 125 Penn. St. 568, was stated and approved by

the Supreme Court of the State in the following language:

"In a devise to A in fee, followed by a proviso that if A

should die without leaving issue surviving him, then to B,

the testator means the death of: A within the period of the

testator's own life, with the result that A, surviving the tes-

tator, takes a fee without any other condition or limitation,

and that B takes nothing." The rule was announced in the

jurisprudence of Pennsylvania in the case of Caldwell v.

Skilton, 13 Penn. St. 152.

So we have a clear ruling that the clause of the will: "Or if

said child shall die without issue born alive," must be held to

mean, dying without issue born alive during the lifetime of

the testator.

The rule as thus announced for the construction of such pro-

visions remains to.this day the law of Pennsylvania, and is

thoroughly imbedded in our jurisprudence as a rule of prop-

erty upon which hundreds of titles depend. Applying this rule

to our will, undoubtedly, the testator when he uses the words:

"In the event of Amanda dying

without offspring

by her husband," intended such death as happening before his

own; the gift is immediate; there is no precedent particular

interest created. The gift over is made to depend upon an

actual contingency, and there is nothing in the will to show

the contingency of dying without offspring by her husband

was meant to operate without limit during the life of the first

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY.
Argument for Defendants in Error.
taker, and such being the case, in the language of the court, it is, as in the other instance (death uncoupled with any circumstances making it really contingent), restricted to death of testator.
This rule has been followed ever since, both as to devises of real estate and bequests of personal property, there being no distinction in Pennsylvania between realty and personalty in this respect. Estate of Mary Biddle, 28 Penn. St. 59; Schoonmaker v. Stockton, 37 Penn. St. 461; Slutt v. Riambo, 57 Penn. St. 149; EKarker'8 Appeal, 60 Penn. St. 141; Fahrney v. Holsinger, 65 Penn. St. 388; Miceley's Appeal, 92 Penn. St. 514; Fitzwater'sAppeal, 94 Penn. St. 141 ; Stevenson v. Fox, 125 Penn. St. 568; McCormick v. MoElligott, 127 Penn. St. 230 ; King v. Frick, 135 Penn. St. 575 ; Morrison v. Truby, 145 Penn. St. 540; Coles v. Ayres, 156 Penn. St. 197.
These decisions unite in defining the settled rule of property in Pennsylvania to be that, where the devise and the limitation over are, as in Mr. Stevenson's will, the happening of the condition is restricted to the lifetime of the testator, and John Barber's heirs took no title because the condition subject to which Amanda took did not happen in testator's lifetime.
For the Federal courts to reverse that rule, and adopt another rule of property for Pennsylvania, would be to depart from their settled policy of following the rules of property in each State, and would establish two rules for the same titleone good only in the state courts, and one good only in the Federal courts. The title would, in the end, depend on where the citizen lived who held it.
II. If the question as to the nature and extent of the title which Amanda Stephens took under the will of Mr. Stevenson is open in the Federal courts for original investigation, then we assert that she took a fee simple absolute.
If the devise be construed a fee tail, it was barred and became a fee simple.
If the devise be construed a fee with limitation over, the fee became absolute, because (a) the event upon which the

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Argument for Defendants in Error.
limitation must happen was under the rule of property in Pennsylvania restricted in time to the lifetime of the testator, and admittedly it did not so happen. (b) The conditions, upon the non-performance of which the estate was to go over, were performed by Amanda. She did not die unmarried- she married and had offspring by her husband-and therefore the estate did not go to John Barber's heirs.
(1) The word "offspring" used in this clause of the will has the same legal significance as the word "issue" used in similar clauses. Young v. Davies, 2 Drew. & Sm. 167; Thompson v. Veasley, 3 Drew. 7; Allen v. Markle, 36 Penn. St. 117; Denn v. Puckey, 5 T. R. 299, 306; Vaughn v. Dickes, 20 Penn. St. 509.
So in our case, as Amanda could not have lawful issue without marriage, we may disencumber the sentence of the marriage condition as was done in Vaughn v. Dickes; and, so reading the will, we have the ordinary case of limitation over after an indefinite failure of issue, void as an executory devise ; good, as a vested remainder, subject to be barred by fine, or common recovery, and now, under our statutes, by deed executed and acknowledged in accordance therewith, which the verdict in this case has found to have been done. This has been the unmolested construction of such clauses in Pennsylvania, certainly ever since the case of Eichelberger v. Barnitz, 9 Watts, 447. See also lackney v. Tracy, 137 Penn. St. 53; Taylor v. Taylor, 63 Penn. St. 481.
(2) The second matter found by the plaintiff's counsel to rebut the established meaning which the law has placed upon such clauses is the direction, "to divide the proceeds of such sale among living persons." Here again the language of the will is unfortunate for their contention. The direction is: "Then these lots are to be sold and the proceeds to be divided equally amongst the heirs of John Barber."
At the time the will took effect John Barber was living, and had certain children living. The testator, however, in the clause does not direct the division amongst the children of John Barber, but amongst his heirs, and, as there can be no heir of a living person, the legal meaning of the phrase cer-

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY.
Argument for Defendants in Error.
tainly contemplated a division only after John Barber's death, and then among his heirs whosoever they might be. That he used the word " heirs" in its proper meaning is manifest from the next succeeding clause of the will, wherein he devised an estate in fee to John Barber as follows.: "I give and bequeath to John Barber, of Columbia, and his heirs, the lots," etc. Clearly in this clause he did not mean "children" by the word "heirs," but intended to give, as he did give, by appropriate language, an estate in fee simple. The word "heirs" in the one clause has precisely the same meaning as in the other. There is no direction, therefore, in our will to divide the proceeds among living persons, but the direction is to divide them among "heirs" of a living person, thereby clearly manifesting that he only contemplated such division as a remote possibility, or, at least, after the death of John Barber, and not during his lifetime.
A limitation over to persons named and in being at the time of the testator's death, or of the making of the will, is a common feature in many of the cases where the estate created has been adjudged a fee tail in the first taker.
In Eichelbergerv. Barnitz, 9 Watts, 447, the leading case in Pennsylvania, the limitation over was to other children of the testator by name, all living at the death of the devisor.
In Hackney v. Tracy, 137 Penn. St. 53, the limitation over was to a named sister of the testator living at the time of his death; and it was expressly said by the court that this circumstance was not sufficient to show that the testator intended a definite failure of issue. So in Lapsley v. Lapsley, 9 Penn. St. 130; Allen v. Henderson, 49 Penn. St. 333; Cochran v. Cochran, 127 Penn. St. 486.
The absolute answer to these suggestions of the plaintiffs in error is found in the decision in Criley v. Chamberlain, 30 Penn. St. 161.
(3) The third matter found by the plaintiffs by which to rebut the definition of the law, is in combining the contingency of death, unmarried, with death without offspring, if married.
The cases in Pennsylvania, however, have settled this con-

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Argument for Defendants in Error.
tention against the plaintiffs. Vaughn-v. Dickes, 20 Penn. St. 50.9. Mattlach v. Roberts, 54 Penn. St. 148; XcCullough
v. Fenton, 65 Penn. St. 418. (4) The fourth cause for finding that the testator has used
language to rebut the definition of the law is supposed to lie in the use by the testator of the expression "in the event of," and the word "then"; and it is supposed that these expressions mark the death of Amanda as the time at which the failure of issue shall be fixed.
The expression "in the event of Amanda dying unmarried, or if married, dying without offspring," etc., certainly means, and can only mean, that if Amanda should die unmarried, or if married, should die wAithout issue; or, upon Amanda dying unmarried, or if married, dying without issue, etc.
The words "in the event of" were clearly used to express the contingency referred to. There can be no doubt or ambiguity as to the meaning of this expression. Nor can the use of the word "then" have the effect contended for and it has never been given such effect in any of the cases cited. Eichelbergerv. Barnitz,ub. sup. ; Robinson's Estate,119 Penn. St. 418; Lawrence v. Lawrence, 105 Penn. St. 335: Reinoehlv. Shirk, 119 Penn. St. 108.
The rule in Eichelberger v. Barnitz has been applied in a multitude of cases in Pennsylvania in the construction of devises similar to the one now before us. -]of's Estate, 147 Penn. St. 636; Ray v. Alexander, 146 Penn. St. 242; Hackney v. Tracy, 137 Penn. St. 53; Cochran v. Cochran, 127 Penn. St. 486; Reinoehl v. Shirk, 119 Penn. St. 108; Bassett v. Ilawk, 118 Penn. St. 94; Carroll v. Burns, 108 Penn. St. 386; Lawrence v. Lawrence, 105 Penn. St. 335; Ogden's Appeal, 70 Penn. St. 501; Gast v. Baer, 62 Penn. St. 35; Matlack v. Roberts, 54 Penn. St. 148; Criley v. Chamberlain, 30 Penn. St. 161 ; Vaughn v. Dickes, 20 Penn. St. 509; Lapsley v. Lapsley, 9 Penn. St. 130.
Many more cases might be added to those cited, but reference to these will be sufficient to illustrate the application of the rule of Eichelbergerv. Barnitzin the construction of clauses, in many of them, of the identical force and effect of the clause

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY.
Opinion of the Court.
in controversy here. By the rule of property established by these decisions, we contend there can be no doubt that if Amanda Stephens did not take a fee absolute, she at least took a fee tail, under the will of James Stevenson, which has been properly barred under the statutes.
Under the will Amanda took on testator's death an absolute, estate in fee simple.
The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, in a well-reasoned opinion, held that Amanda took an absolute estate; that this absolute estate was not limited, but a clause substitutionary in character was inserted, which, in the event of "+Amanda dying unmarried, or, if married, dying without offspring by her husband, then those lots are to be sold and the proceeds to be divided. equally among the heirs of John Barber."
That the dying without issue (which is what the clause means) the testator intended should take place in his lifetime, and as it did not the estate became absolute in Amanda on testator's death.
That this will admits of this construction that opinion proves. It is so well written and reasoned that no words of ours will add to it, and even if this court should hold that it is not conclusive, it is, at least, entitled to peculiar weight. Bucher v. Cheshire Railroad,125 U. S. 555, 584.
As was said in Burgess v. Seligman, 107 U. S. 34, "for the sake of harmony, and to avoid confusion, the Federal courts will lean towards an agr. ement of views with the state courts, if the question seems to them balanced with doubt." See also Jackson v. Chew, 12 Wheat. 153.
MR. JUSTICE GRAY, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
The real question between the parties, upon which the decision of this case must turn, is what estate Amanda Stephens took under the will of James S. Stevenson, by which he devised to her certain lots of land in Pittsburgh, and further provided as follows: "In the event of Amanda dying unmarried, or, if married, dying without offspring by her husband, then
VOL. crxvi-7

OCTOBER TERM, 1896
Opinion of the Court.
these lots are to be sold, and the proceeds to be divided equally among the heirs of John Barber."
The testator duly published his will on October 16, 1831, and died on the same day, being fifty years old. At that date, John Barber was alive and married, and had children, some of whom are plaintiffs in this action of ejectment. Amanda Stephens, then a child of five years of age, and so described in the will, survived the testator, and afterwards married. She and her husband executed a deed of the land, intended and sufficient to bar an estate tail therein; and afterwards conveyed the land in fee simple to the defendants and others.
The testator died, and his will took effect, before the passage of the statute of Pennsylvania of April 8, 1833, c. 128, § 9, providing that "all devises of real estate shall pass the whole estate of the testator in the premises devised, although there be no words of inheritance or of perpetuity, unless it appear by a devise over, or by words of limitation or otherwise in the will, that the testator intended to devise a less estate"; and long before the statute of April 27, 1855, c. 387,
§ 1, providing that "whenever hereafter, by any gift, convey-
ance or devise, an estate in fee tail would be created according to the existing laws of this State, it shall be taken and construed to be an estate in fee simple, and as such shall be inheritable and freely alienable." Penn. Laws of 1832-33, p. 249; Laws of 1855, p. 368; Purdon's Digest, (12th ed.) 2103,
§ 11; 810, § 8.
A former action of ejectment was brought by the administrator with the will annexed of the testator against tlese defendants in the court of common pleas of Allegheny county, in the State of Pennsylvania, which directed a verdict and rendered judgment for the defendants, on the ground that Amanda Stephens took an estate tail, which had been duly barred, and the title conveyed to the defendants.
Upon a writ of error, that judgment was affirmed by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, on the ground that the devise over to the heirs of John Barber was an alternative and substitutionary devise, dependent upon the contingency of Amanda's dying without offspring in the lifetime of the

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY.
Opinion of the Court.
testator, and this contingency not having happened, that she took an absolute estate in fee simple. 165 Penn. St. 645.
This second action of ejectment was afterwards brought in the Circuit Court of the United States, which directed a verdict and rendered judgment for the defendants, on the ground that Amanda, if she did not take a fee, took at least an estate tail. 69 Fed. Rep. 501.
To reverse this judgment, the plaintiffs sued out a writ of error from the Circuit Court of Appeals, which has certified to this court these two questions:
"First. Is the decision of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, before referred to, conclusive? If not, then,
"Second. What estate did Amanda Stephens take under the devise? "
The first question, in the terms in which it is expressed, and taken by itself, is somewhat difficult to answer.
The decision of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, in the former action of ejectment, is certainly not conclusive as an adjudication of the rights of the parties, inasmuch as a single verdict and judgment in ejectment, not being conclusive under the laws and in the courts of the State, is not conclusive in the courts of the United States, and is no bar to a second action of ejectment. Equator Co. v. flall, 106 U. S. 86; Britton v. Thornton, 112 U. S. 526; Gibson v. Lyon, 115 U. S.439; Smale v. Mitchell, 143 U. S.99.
The question, whether the opinion of the Supreme Court of the State in the former action is conclusive evidence of the law of Pennsylvania in a court of the United States, depends upon the further question whether the opinion is declaratory of the settled law of Pennsylvania as to the effect of such devises, or is a decision upon the construction of this particular devise.
When the construction of certain words in deeds or wills of real estate has become a settled rule of property in a State, that construction is to be followed by the courts of the United States in determining the title to land within the State, whether between the same or between other parties. Jackson v. Chew, 12 Wheat. 153, 167; Henderson v. Grifin,

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
5 Pet. 151; Suydam v. Wilziamson, 24 How. 427; Burgess v. Seligman, 107 U. S. 20, 33.
But a single decision of the highest court of a State upon the construction of the words of a particular devise is not conclusive evidence of the law of the State, in a case in a court of the United States, involving the construction of the same or like words, between other parties, or even between the same parties or their privies, unless presented under such circumstances as to be an adjudication of their rights. Lane v. Vick, 3 How. 464,.and Vick v. Vick.sbarg, 1 How. (Mliss.) 379; Homer v. Brown, 16 How. 354, and Brown v. Lawrence, 3 Cush. 390; Gibson v. Lyon, 115 U. S. 439, 446.
It becomes important, therefore, that the opinion of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania in the former action of eject-. ment should be carefully examined and compared with the previous judgments of that court.
In that opinion, delivered by Chief Justice Sterrett, the principal grounds of the decision were stated as follows:
"Although the devise to Amanda Stephens was made before the act of 1833, and without words of inheritance, yet, when read in connection with the introductory clause of James S. Stevenson's will, there is a plain intent manifested in the first instance, to give her an absolute estate. In McCullough v. Gibnore, 11 Penn. St. 370, where substantially the same expression was used, this court said: ' These words, and the like of them, are generally carried down into the corpus of the will, to show that the testator meant to dispose of his whole interest in a particular devise, unless words are used which plainly indicate an intent to limit it.' Numerous cases to the same effect are cited in Schriver v. JMeyer, 19 Penn. St. 87. The first taker is always the favorite object of testator's bounty, and as such entitled to the benefit of every implication.
"There are no words used in the second paragraph of the will, containing the devise to Amanda, which indicate any intent, to limit her estate. Had the will stopped there, the devise would unquestionably have been absolute. The following paragraph was not intended to operate by way of limita-,

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY.
Opinion of the Court.
tion, but was manifestly substitutionary in its character. The thought would very naturally occur to testator to make an alternative devise for the contingency of Amanda's dying without issue; Biddle's Apeal, 28 Penn. St. 59; and this was in effect what was done. 'In the event,' said testator, ' of Amanda dying unmarried, or, if married, dying without offspring by her husband, then these lots are to be sold, and the proceeds to be divided equally among the heirs of John Barber.' The word 'offspring' here used is but a synonym for 'issue'; and 'issue.' cannot be lawful without marriage. The devise is, then, in the first instance, to Amanda; and, in the event of her dying without, issue, over to alternate beneficiaries. Dying without issue was thus made the contingency upon which the substituted beneficiaries could take. Coles v. Ayres,, 156 Penn. St. 197. But death when? Where, as here, there is nothing to indicate an adverse intent, additional limitations dependent on no other contingency than is implied from the language 'if any of them die,' or 'in case of death,' or the like, cannot be referred to the event whenever it may happen -for that would be to give a forced construction to the words-but must be construed as referritg to death in association with some additional circumstance which makes it actually contingent. That circumstance is said to be naturally in regard to the time of happening, and that time, where, as here, the gift is immediate, is necessarily the death of the testator, there being no other period to which the death can refer. (aldwell v. Skilton, 13 Penn. St. 152." 165 Penn. St. 649, 650.
The first statement, that by the devise in the second paragraph of the will, read in connection with the introductory clause, there was a plain intent manifested, in the first instance, to give Amanda an absolute estate, was in accord with the settled. law of Pennsylvania. Sckriver v. Meyer, (1852) 19 Penn. St. 87, 90, 91, and cases there cited. And the statement that the word "offspring," in the next paragraph, was used as a synonym for "issue," was in accord with a judgment of that court delivered in 1859. by Mr. Justice Strong (afterwards of this court), as well as with the English

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
decisions. Allen v. Markle, 36 Penn. St. 117; Thompson v. Beasley, 3 Drewry, 7 ; Young v. Davies, 2 Dr. & Sm. 167.
Whether the conclusion, that the devise over to John Barber's heirs was substitutionary, and could take effect only at the time of testator's death, and not afterwards, was in accord with the law of Pennsylvania as declared in previous decisions, is a question requiring more consideration.
Chief Justice Sterrett's propositions as to the meaning of the words "in case of death," or the like, are taken, almost verbatim, from the opinion of Mr. Justice Bell, in Caldwell v. 8kilton, (1850) 13 Penn. St. 152, to which he refers. In that case, the testator devised real estate to his wife during her life or widowhood, and, at her decease or marriage, to his children in equal shares in fee, and, in case of the death of any child, his share to go to his issue, or if he should "die without issue born alive," to the testator's surviving children; the decision was that the devise over to the children, upon the death or marriage of the widow, must take effect upon her death, or upon the testator's death if he survived her, and, therefore, the devise over of the share of each child must take effect at the same time; and in the opinion, immediately after the propositions above referred to, Mr. Justice Bell added: "But as a testator is not supposed to anticipate himself surviving the object of his bounty, this construction is only made from necessity, and gives way when the contingency of the death of the first beneficiaries may be referred to some other time." 13 Penn. St. 156.
There is, indeed, a line of cases in that court, in which a devise over, after a devise in fee, has been held to be substitutionary, when expressed by such words as if the first taker die "without children"; Biddle's E tate, (1857) 28 Penn. St. 59; McCormick v. McElligott, (1889) 127 Penn. St. 230; or" without leaving issue living at the time of his death," Mickley's Appeal, (1880) 92 Penn. St. 514; Stevenson v. Fox, (1889) 125 Penn. St. 568; King v. Frick, (1890) 135 Penn. St. 575; Morrison v. Truby, (1891) 145 Penn. St. 540; or "intestate and without issue," Karker's Appeal, (1869) 60 Penn. St. 141; Coles v. Ayres, (1893) 156 Penn. St. 197. In none of

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY.
Opinion of the Court.
these cases, however, was the devise so expressed that it could be construed as creating an estate tail.
Two other cases were cited at the bar, as favoring the substitutionary rule, in one of which "die unmarried or without issue" ; Schoonmaker v. Stockton,. (1860) 37 Penn. St. 461 ; and in the other "die Without heirs"; Skutt v. Rambo, (1868) 57 Penn. St. 149; were held to mean "die in the lifetime of the testator." But in each of them, not only the first device was to a child of the testator in fee, and the limitation over was to the testator's other children, but the whole scope of the will was thought to show that he could not have meant an indefinite failure of the issue. And in the second case, Chief Justice Thompson said: "But giving the words of the clause all that could possibly be claimed for them, to wit, an implication of a limitation to issue by the words ' die without heirs,' equivalent to 'dying without issue,' as in Eichelbergerv. Barnitz, 9 Watts, 447, and kindred cases, the devise to Emma Rambo, the plaintiff below, would be a fee tail, which by the act of April 27, 1855, would be turned into a fee simple, the will bearing date May 27, 1857. That the word 'heirs' meant Iissue' must be inferred, in the presence of the fact that her brothers and sisters were living and would be her heirs. It must, therefore, have been 'issue,' that was meant by the words. In either view of the case, the plaintiff below was vested with the fee simple of the property in question." 57 Penn. St. 151.
Where a testator specifically devised lands to his daughter in fee, and provided that should she "die in her minority, and without lawful issue then living, the-lands hereby devised shall revert to and become part of the residue of my estate," the substitutionary rule was not applied, either by tthe Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, or by this court; but both courts held that the daughter, having survived the testator, took an estate in fee, subject to be divested by her afterwards dying under age and without issue. Britton v. Tlwrnton, (1878) 25 Pittsburgh Law Journal, 158, and (1884) 112 U. S. 526.
A careful examination of the adjudged cases in Pennsylvania irresistibly compels us to the conclusion that there is

OCTOBER TERN, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
no settled rule of property in that State, by which the words of the devise to Amanda Stephens, "and in the event of Amanda dying unmarried, or, if married, dying wit hoit offspring by her husband," should be construed as restricted to her death in the testator's lifetime, making the devise over substitutionary, and to take effect only upon her death within that time.
The result is, that the decision of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania upon the construction of the will of James S. Stevenson is not conclusive; and that the first question certified to this court by the Circuit Court of Appeals must be answered in the negative.
This brings us to the second question, which is, "What estate did Armanda Stephens take under the devise ?"
In Eichelbergerv. Barnitz,above cited, decided in 1840, the court, speaking by Mr. Justice Serjeant, said: "The principle has now become a settled rule of property, in relation to lands, that if a devise be made to one in fee, and if he die without issue, or on failure of issue, or for want of issue, or without leaving issue, then over to another in fee, the estate of the first taker is a fee tail, which, if he have issue, passes to them ad inftniturn by descent as tenants in tail." And this rule was applied to a devise in which the contingency was expressed in the words "my will is, because my son Henry is not yet married, that if he should die without leaving any lawful issue, that then his full share shall fall or go in equal share to my other three children." 9 Watts, 450, 451.
In Middleswarth v. Blackm ore, (1873) 74 Penn. St. 414, 419, the court, speaking by Mr. Justice Mercur, and referring to Eichelberger v. Barnitz, above cited, and other cases, recognized and affirmed ihat "as a general ,'ule, and standing alone, the language, ' die without leaving any legitimate issue,' must be understood to mean issue indefinitely; that the estate created would, in such case, have been one in tail" ; and denied such effect to those words, only because of the general scope of the particular will, and of the land being thereby charged with the payment of certain sums to persons living, and required, in case of the happening of the contingency

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY. 105
Opinion of the Court.
named, to be sold by the testator's executors, and the proceeds, after paying those sums, to be distributed among his grandchildren.
Again, in Lawrence v. Lawrence, (1884) 105 Penn. St. 335, a devise of land to the testator's two nephews, "and their heirs, as tenants in common," but if one of them "should die without leaving lawful issue," his share to go to the other, ",his heirs and assigns forever," was held to create an estate tail in the nephews; and Mr. Justice Trunkey, in delivering judgment, said that it had not been doubted, since the decision in Eichelberger v. Barnitz, above cited, that the rule in Pennsylvania is that "the established interpretation of words of limitation on failure of issue, whether the terms be 'if he die without issue,' ' if he die without having issue,' 'if he have no issue,' or ' if he die before he has any issue,' in absence of all words making a different intent apparent, is, that they import a general indefinite failure of issue, and not a failure at the first taker's death." 105 Penn. St. 339.
In Reinoehl v. Shirk, (1888) 119 Penn. St. 108, the testator devised real estate to two children of his deceased son in fee, and if either should "die without leaving lawful issue," his share to go to the survivor, and "if both of the said children should die without leaving lawful issue," the real estate devised to them to go to the testator's other children; and directed that under no circumstances should his son's divorced wife have any part of the testator's estate. The court, speaking by Mr. Justice Sterrett, held that the children of the son took an estate tail; and said that since Eichelbergerv. Barnitz, above cited, it had undoubtedly been the rule in Pennsylvania, that, standing alone, the words "die without leaving isswe," or other expressions of the same import, mean a general indefinite failure of issue, and not a failure at the death of the first taker.
In lackney v. Tracy, (1890) 137 Penn. St. 53, a testator, who made his will in 1854 and died in 1864, devised real estate to his daughter Elizabeth, "but in case my daughter Elizabeth should die without issue, then in that case all her interest that she might or could have in the same to descend to my daugh-

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
ter Mary"; and it was held, in an opinion delivered by Mr. Justice Green, reviewing the previous cases, that the devise over was upon an indefinite failure of issue of Elizabeth, and that she took an estate tail, enlarged by the act of 1855 into a fee simple.
Like decisions were made in 1892 in two cases, in one of which the devise was to a daughter in fee simple, "provided, nevertheless, that in case she shall die without leaving lawful issue, then it is my will that the property above devised to her shall be equally divided amongst the children of my brother"; Ray v. Alexander, 146 Penn. St. 242; and in the other the testator, after devising to his wife an estate for life, provided that "in case either of my daughters shall die without issue, either before or after the decease of my wife, then the amount of their share or shares in the residue of the estate shall revert back to the remainder of my children, share and share alike"; and "the share or shares that such of my daughters as may be without issue before or after the death of my wife may be entitled to" should be invested, and the income paid to them; "and'after her death the residue of the estate is to be divided, shate and share alike, amongst those of my heirs that are then alive." Ioff's Estate, 147 Penn. St. 636.
In view of this series of adjudications of the highest court of the State, extending over more than half a century, we cannot but accede to the opinion expressed by Judge Atcheson, with the concurrence of Judge Buffington, in the Circuit Court of the United States, in the case at bar, that "it is firmly established by an unbroken line of authorities, that a devise over to named living persons, upon the failure of the issue of the first taker, does not import a definite failure of issue"; and that "to hold at this late day that such a devise over imports a definite failure of issue would shake a multitude of titles." 69 Fed. Rep. 504, 505.
It has also long been regarded as established law in Pennsylvania, that such words as "in case of his death unmarried or without issue," in this connection, are equivalent to simply "dying without issue," unless there is something else in the case to warrant and require a different construction of the

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY. 107
Opinion of the Court.
will. Vaughan v. Dickes, (1853) 20 Penn. St. 509, 513; Matlack v. Roberts, (1867) 54 Penn. St. 148, 150; McCullough v. Fenton, (1870) 65 Penn. St. 418, 426.
The result of the foregoing considerations is that, by a settled rule of property in Pennsylvania, the devise to Amanda Stephens, with a devise over "in the event of Amanda dying unmarried, or, if married, without offspring by her husband," gave her an estate tail, unless this conclusion is controlled by other words in the will, or by the facts stated in the certificate of the Circuit Court of Appeals.
Indeed, the reasoning of Chief Justice Sterrett upon the construction of the clause "1in the event of Amanda dying unmarried, or, if married, dying without offspring by her husband," would seem to point to the same conclusion. That reasoning, in his own words, above quoted, is that "the word 'offspring' here used is but a synonym for Iissue'"; that "'issue' cannot be lawful without marriage" ; that "the devise is, then, in the event of her dying without issue, over to" the heirs of John Barber ; and that "dying without issue was thus made the contingency upon which" those heirs could take. 165 Penn. St. 649. Assuming the correctness of that inferehce, namely, that the contingency described was simply "dying without issue," these words would import an indefinite failure of issue, according to the long line of authorities above cited, beginning with the judgment delivered by Mr. Justice Serjeant in Fichelbergerv. Barnitz, and including the judgment delivered by Mr. Justice Sterrett in Reinoehl v. S irk; and would be inconsistent with the conclusion of the court that the devise over to the heirs of John Barber must take effect, if at all, upon the death of the testator.
The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania considered that conclusion to be strengthened by two special considerations: First. "That, in the absence of a fixed period, the power of sale was intended to be exercised at a near rather than a remote period after the testator's death," because, as said in Wilkinson v. Buist, 124 Penn. St. 253, 261, "a power of sale without limit would doubtless be bad, under the' rule against perpetuities." Second. "That testator had in view living

OCTOBER TERM, 1896.
Opinion of the Court.
persons as substituted beneficiaries- the gift over is to the 'heirs,' and therefore the children, of John Barber, who was living -and the natural inference is he intended them to take as such." 165 Penn. St. 650, 651.
But there does not appear to this court to be anything in the will indicating that the time, either of executing the power of sale of this land, or of ascertaining the persons who are to take the proceeds of its sale, must be upon or soon after the death of the testator.
The words "in the event of Amanda dying unmarried, or, if married, dying without offspring by her husband," which, as has been seen, import of themselves an indefinite failure of issue, and therefore an estate tail in Amanda, are followed by the words "then these lots are to be sold, and the proceeds to be divided equally among the heirs of John Barber."
There is no direction that the sale of these lots shall be made by the executors; the sale is to be made upon the expiration of the estate tail; and a power to sell upon the expiration of an estate tail, and to divide the proceeds among persons then ascertainable, is not within the rule against perpetuities. (resson v. Ferree, 70 Penn. St. 446, 449; Iteaqman v. Pearse, L. R. 7 Ch. 275; Gray on Perpetuities, §§ 447, 490.
The persons who are to take under the limitation over are described as "the heirs of John Barber." Although, strictly speaking, no one is the heir of a living person, yet a devise to the "heirs" of a person named (who is a living person, and is so recognized in the will) describes with sufficient certainty the persons intended, and shows that the word is not used in the strict sense, but as meaning the heirs apparent of that person, or the persons who would be his heirs were he dead when the devise takes effect. Darbison v. Beaumont, 1 P. Wms. 229; S. (1., Fortescue, 18; Goodrig]4t v. White, 2 W. Bl. 1010; Heard v. Horton, 1 Denio, 165. That this testator used the word in this meaning is confirmed by the clause in which he directs the residue of his estate to be sold and divided into sixteen shares, of which lie gives two shares "to John Barber," and two other shares "to the heirs of John

BARBER v. PITTSBURGH &c. RAILWAY.
Opinion .of the Court.
Barber." But the word "heirs" is not limited, in its own meaning, or by anything in this will, to children; -and applies either to John Barber's children, or to his more remote descendants, whichever may be his heirs if he be dead, or his heirs apparent if he be living, when the devise in question takes effect.
The facts added, by way of amendment, to the second paragraph of the certificate of the Circuit Court of Appeals, are wholly immaterial. Evidence of extrinsic circumstances, such as the testator's relation to persons, or the amount and condition of his estate, may be admitted to explain ambiguities of description in the will, but never to control the construction or extent of devises therein contained. As said by this court, speaking by Mr. Justice Grier: "A court may look beyond the face of the will where there is an ambiguity as to the person or property to which it is applicable, but no case can be found where such testimony -has been introduced to enlarge or diminish the estate devised." King v. Ackerman, 2 Black, 408, 418. See also Allen v. Allen, 18 How. 385. To allow the legal construction of the terms of a will, executed and attested as required by law, to be affected by testimony to the testator's state of health at the time of publishing his will, or to his length of life afterwards, would be open in the highest degree to the confusion and uncertainty resulting from permitting the meaning of written instruments to be altered by parol evidence.
For the reasons above stated, this court is of opinion that the answer to the second question certified by the Circuit Court of Appeals must be that Amanda Stephens took an estate tail under the devise to her. Ordered accordingly.

