ALLEN v. SMITH.
Syllabus.
In justice to the Attorney General it ought to be said that his offer of $500 for the arrest and delivery of McNeil was a general one; and that he did not assume to say that any officer of the Government, who was forbidden by law from receiving extra compensation, should receive any portion of the reward. There was no attempt on his part to disregard the previous limitation or to offer it to any one who was forbidden by law from receiving it. The subsequent action of the Acting Attorney General in refusing to pay Matthews the reward upon the ground that the arrest of McNeil was performed in the line of his duty is a still clearer intimation that no such construction as is put by the court upon the offer of reward was intended by the Attorney General.
For these reasons I cannot concur in the opinion, though I do not dissent from the result.
MR.JUSTICE HARLAN and MR. JUSTICE PEcKHAm dissented, upon the ground that the offering or payment of a reward to a public officer, for the performance of what was at all events nothing more than his official duty, was against public policy, and the act of Congress authorizing the Attorney General to offer and pay rewards, did not include or authorize the offer or payment of any reward to a public officer under such circumstances.
ALLEN v. SMITH.
SMITH v. ALLEN.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF LOUISIANA.
Nos. 168,176. Argued January 19, 1S99. -Decided March 6, 1899.
The manufacturer of the sugar, and not the producer of the sugar cane, is the person entitled to the "bounty on sugar" granted by the act of MIarch 2, 1895, c. 189, to "producers and manufacturers of sugar in the United States."

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Statement of the Case.
THIS was a controversy arising over the distribution of the estate of Richard I. Allen, a large sugar planter of La Fourche Parish, Louisiana, who died September 14, 1894, leaving a will of which the following clauses only are material to the disposition of this case:
"I give to my wife, Bettie Allen, one half of my Rienzi plantation and one half of all tools, mules, etc. The names of my executors, etc., will be named hereafter. My executors shall have from one to five years to sell and close up the estate, as I fear property will be very low and dull. They can sell part cash, part on time, eight per cent interest with vendor's lien. I will that my wife do have one half of everything belonging to Rienzi, except the claim due me by the United States; that and other property I will speak of further on. I appoint as my executors, Ogden Smith and W. F. Collins, residing on Rienzi plantation. I also appoint Mrs. Bettie Allen, executrix. I give them full power to sell Rienzi plantation whenever they find a good offer for all the property there belonging. When it is sold half of all the proceeds, cash, notes, etc., is to belong to my dear wife, Bettie Allen. The other half will be spoken of hereafter. As I fear property will be very low, I give my executors five years to work for a good price. In the meantime that they are waiting to sell, the place can be rented or worked so as to pay all taxes and other charges; any over that to go to Mrs. Bettie Allen's credit."
Letters testamentary were issued to William F. Collins, Ogden Smith and LA.Elizabeth Greene, the widow, better known as Bettie Allen, who were authorized by special order to carry on and work the plantation, etc.
The executors did not agree as to the disposition of the estate; Mrs. Allen and Collins filing a provisional account of their administration and praying for its approval, while. Smith filed a separate account, prayed for its approval, and stated that he disagreed with his coexecutors in several particulars, -and therefore filed an account in which his coexecutors did not concur. The principal dispute seems to have been over the cash left by the deceased, which Mrs. Allen claimed under the will, and Smith insisted belonged to the legal heirs wh&

ALLEN v. SMITH.
Statement of the Case.
were not cut off by the will. Mrs. Allen also claimed the crop of the Rienzi plantation, while Smith insisted it belonged to the legatees named in the will, to whom the realty was bequeathed. Opposition to the approval of both accounts were also filed by various parties interested in the estate, and for various reasons not necessary to be here enumerated. Judgment was delivered by the district court, June 10, 1895, settling the questions in dispute between the parties interested, and an appeal was taken to the Supreme Court of Louisiana, which rendered an opinion March 9, 1896, varying the decree of the court below to the extent of holding Mrs. Allen entitled to the net proceeds of the crop for the year 1894, but affirming it in other respects. 48 La. Ann. 1036. No reference, however, was made in the proceedings up to this time to the Government bounty upon sugar, amounting to $11,569.35, which was collected by Mrs. Allen, and which forms the subject of the present litigation.
This suit was initiated by a petition filed August 18, 1896, by Collins and Mrs. Allen for the approval of their final account, and of the proposed distribution of the undistributed assets, among which was the bounty granted by Congress for sugar produced on the Rienzi plantation for the year 1894, the portion received, $11,569.35, being all that the estate was entitled to out of the appropriation made by Congress for this purpose. "This amount the accountants proposed to turn over to Mrs. Bettie Allen as the owner of the net proceeds of the crop of 1894: on the Rienzi plantation, under the will of the testator and the decree of the Supreme Court."
Smith also filed a final account and an opposition to that of Mrs. Allen and Collins, particularly opposing giving any part of the bounty to Mrs. Allen, stating that "this money. formed no part of the crop of 1894, is an unwilled asset, and must be distributed among the legal heirs who have not been cut off by the will, in accordance with the petitioner's final account filed herewith." These heirs, as stated by him in his account, were (1) the estate of Thomas H. Allen, Sen., a deceased brother of the testator, represented by J. Louis Aucoin, administrator; (2) two children of Mrs. Myra Turner, a deceased

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Counsel for Mrs. Allen.
sister; (3) five children of Mrs. Cynthia Smith, a deceased sister. Opposition was also filed by these several classes of heirs to the accounts of Mrs. Allen and Collins, and by certain other heirs who were not recognized by the executors, to that of Smith. Upon consideration of these various pleadings and the testimony introduced in connection therewith, the district court was of opinion that the bounty formed no part of the crop proper or the proceeds thereof. "Though based on the crop as a means of calculation, and conditioned on the production of the crop by the owner of the plantation, under certain rules, it was a pure gratuity from the Government;" that it did not therefore go to MNrs. Allen under the will, but to the heirs as an unwilled portion.
An appeal was taken to the Supreme Court by the Smith heirs, by Ogden Smith, executor, and by Mrs. Allen and Collins. That court first held that the bounty was a gratuity from the Government, though based upon an estimate of the crop as a means of calculation; that its allowance was conditioned on the fulfilment by the deceased of certain prerequisites; that the equitable claim of the deceased to the bounty had been created during his lifetime, the license obtained and all conditions precedent complied with; that it formed no part of the crops of 1894 or 1895, nor of their proceeds; that the executors did nothing but make the necessary proofs preparatory to its collection and receive payment of the money. "It must consequently be classed as an unwilled asset of the deceased, and not as part of the net proceeds of the crop of 1894, passing, under the will, to Mrs. Bettie Allen;" and that it must pass to the account of the legal heirs. 49 La. Ann. 1096. Upon a rehearing, applied for by both parties, that court modified its views, and adjudged that the bounty money in controversy be divided equally; that one half be distributed among the heirs as an unwilled portion, and that the other half be delivered to Mrs. Allen as legatee. From this decree both parties sued out a writ of error from this court. 49 La. Ann. 1096, 1112.
,Mi'.J. F. Pierson for Mrs. Allen. .21r. Charlton R?. Beattie and 21r. Taylor Beattie filed a brief for same.

ALLEN v. SMITH.

Opinion of the Court.

-Jr. Albert P. Fenner for Aucoin. .Mr'. Samuel H7enderson, Jr., and -r. were on the brief.

.Mr. Charles E. Fenner, Charles Payne Fenner

Xr.Henry Chiapella for Turner and Smith. .Lr.L. F. Sithon filed a brief for Smith's heirs.

M .JUSTICE BROWN, after making the above statement, delivered the opinion of the court.

This case involves the question whether, under the act of Congress and the will of Richard H. Allen, the bounty of eight tenths of one per cent per pound, granted by Congress to the "producer" of sugar, was payable to his widow or to his heirs at law.
In the course of the litigation in the state courts a large number of questions were raised and decided which are not pertinent to this issue. So far as these questions depend upon the construction of state laws or of the will of Mr. Allen, they are beyond our cognizance. So far as the question of bounty depends upon the construction of that law, the decision of the Supreme Court is equally binding upon us; but so far as it depends upon the construction of the act of Congress awarding such bounty, it is subject to reexamination here.
The course of legislation upon the subject of the sugar bounty is set forth at length in the opinion of this court in United States v. Realty Co., 163 U. S. 427, and is briefly as
follows: By the tariff act of October 1, 1890, c. 1244, 26 Stat. 567, it
was provided in paragraph 231 that on and after July 1, 1891, and until July 1, 1905, there should be paid "to the producer of sugar" a variable bounty, dependent upon polariscope tests, "under such rules and regulations as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue . . . shall prescribe." Then follow three paragraphs requiring the producer to give notice to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue of the place of production, the methods employed, and an estimate of the amount to be produced, together with an application for a license and an accompanying bond. The Commissioner was required to issue

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
this license, and to certify to the Secretary of the Treasury the amount of the bounty for which the Secretary was authorized to draw warrants on the Treasury. This act was repealed August 27, 1894, c. 349, 28 Stat. 509, while the crop of 1894 was in progress of growth, and about a fortnight before the death of Mr. Allen. But by a subsequent act of March 2, 1895, c. 189, 28 Stat. 910, 933, it was enacted that there should be paid to those "producers and manufacturers of sugar" who had complied with the provisions of the previous law a similar bounty upon sugar manufactured and produced by them previous to August 28, 1894, upon which no bounty had been previously paid. As the sugar in question in this case was not manufactured and produced prior to August 28, 1894, this provision was not applicable; but there was a further clause (under which the bounty in this case was paid) to the effect that there should be paid to "those producers who complied with the provisions" of the previous bounty law of 1890, by filing an application for license and bond thereunder required, prior to July 1, 1894, and who would have been entitled to receive a license as provided for in said act, a bounty of eight tenths of a cent per pound on the sugars actually manufactured and produced during that part of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1895, comprised in the period commencing August 20, 1894, and ending June 30, 1895, both days inclusive. The constitutionality of this act was affirmed by this court in United States v. Realty Co., 16a U. S.427.
At the time of Mr. Allen's death, September 19, 1894, and for many years prior thereto, he was the owner of a valuable sugar plantation, upon which he was engaged in the cultivation of cane and the manufacture of sugar. At this time there was standing in his fields a large crop of cane nearly ready for harvesting. In anticipation of this crop and of the manufacture of sugar therefrom, Mr. Allen had complied with all the provisions of the bounty law, and would, but for the repeal of the act of 1894, about one month prior to his death, have been entitled to collect the bounty. While, then, there was no bounty provision in force at the time of his death,

ALLEN v. SMITH.
Opinion of the Court.
Congress, in March of the following year, enacted the bounty law above specified in fulfilment of its moral obligation to recompense those who had planted their cane upon the supposition that.the bounty granted by the act of 1890 would be continued. The crop of cane upon his plantation at his death was harvested by his executors at the expense of the funds in their hands, which expense was deducted from the gross proceeds of the sugar.
The material provisions of his will are as follows: 1. "I give to my wife, Bettie Allen, one half on my Rienzi plantation and one half of all tools, mules, etc." 2. "My executors shall have from one to five years to sell and close up the estate." 3. "I will that my wife do have one half of everything belonging to Rienzi plantation, except the claim due me by the United States." (This was not the claim for bounty.) 4. "When it" (the plantation) "is sold half of all the proceeds, cash, notes, etc., is to belong to my wife, Bettie Allen." "As I fear property will 'be very low, I give my executors five years to work for a good price." 5. "In the meantime, that they are waiting to sell, the place can be rented or worked to pay all taxes and other charges, any over that to go to Mrs. Bettie Allen's credit." Under the last clause of the will the executors, while awaiting a favorable opportunity to sell the plantation, were authorized to work it so as to pay all taxes and other charges, and to place the net proceeds to Mrs. Allen's credit. In construing this clause the Supreme Court of Louisiana held, upon the first hearing, 48 La. Ann. 1036, that Mistress Bettie was entitled to the net proceeds of the crop of the Rienzi plantation for the years 1894-1895. At the time of the filing of their first account by the executors, the crop of 1894 had not been sold by them, and the bounty granted by the act of March 2, 1895, had not been collected; consequently these two items were reserved to be afterwards accounted for by the executors. A further question, however, arose, and that was as to whether, in making up the net proceeds of the crop of 1894, the expenses incurred prior to the death of the tes-

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
tator should be deducted, as well as those incurred by the executors after the death of the testator. Both the district court and the Supreme Court were of opinion that the will contemplated and dealt with the renting or cultivation of the plantation after the death of the testator, and during such a period of time as it might remain under the administration of the executors pending a sale; that the date at which the expenses were to begin was evidently that at which the administration of the executors commenced, and only those incurred during their administration should be deducted from the proceeds of the crop, in order to ascertain the net proceeds thereof, including the expenses of making the sale. 49 La. Ann. 1096.
The Supreme Court was further of the opinion that the bounty money which was collected from the Government by the executors formed no part of the crops of 1894 and 1895, nor of their proceeds; that it was not in esse at the time those crops were grown and gathered; that the executors did nothing but make the necessary proofs preparatory to its collection and received payment of the money, and that it should therefore be classed as an unwilled asset of the deceased, and not as part of the net proceeds of the crop of 1894, passing, under the will, to Mrs. Allen. 49 La. Ann. 1096. But, upon a rehearing of this question, 49 La. Ann. 1112, the Supreme Court modified its views to a certain extent, treated the case as one depending upon the question who was the producer of the crop within the meaning of the act of Congress, and held that the producer of the cane was to be the first to receive the benefit of the bounty on complying with certain formalities; that the act placed the manufacturer of the sugar, in the matter of the bounty laws, in a secondary position; but that both production and manufacture were essential in order to enable the producer to recover the bounty; that to determine who was the producer it was necessary to consider the questions of title and ownership; that the crop had 'been planted and cultivated by Allen, and all expenses to the date of his death were paid from his funds; that he had earned the value of the crop on that date,

ALLEN v. SMITH.
Opinion of the Court.
and had also earned a proportionate share of the bounty, not because the bounty was a part of the crop or its proceeds, but because it was granted to the producer of the crop; that in determining who was the producer, it could not exclude from consideration the labor applied under the direction of the owner of the plantation and the amount expended by him; that Mistress Bettie was not the exclusive producer, and was, therefore, not entitled to the whole bounty of the Government granted to the producer who produced the entire thing - a crop.
In its opinion upon the rehearing the Supreme Court adjudged that under the will of Allen the proceeds of the manufacture of sugar carried on after his death were for the account of Mrs. Allen and not for that of the estate, and that as a consequence of this construction Mrs. Allen was the manufacturer of the sugar made in the sugar house; that is to say, that whilst the executors may have manufactured the sugar they did so as the agents and for the account of Mrs. Allen, and she was therefore the producer of the sugar, in so far as the manufacture thereof was concerned. In delivering the opinion the court used the following language: "But there are other clauses of the will which, in our view, extend her right and show that she was the producer after the death of Mr. Allen. She paid all the expenses of the crop; she was to receive the proceeds under the terms of the will; indeed, she was the owner of the crop. She can well be considered, as we think, the producer. We desire it to be well understood that, in our opinion, the bounty money is no part of the crop or proceeds of the crop. The question was: Who was the owner and producer of the crop after the death of the
testator ?"
Having thus determined that under the will of Mr. Allen she, through the executors, was entitled to all the proceeds of the manufacture of sugar in the sugar house, the court proceeded to take away from Mrs. Allen a part of these proceeds upon the theory that, by the act of Congress, the bounty was given, not to the manufacturer of the sugar, but to the producer of the cane. In doing this it necessarily took from Mrs.

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
Allen a part of the bounty belonging to her as manufacturer of sugar under the act of Congress, and gave it to the legal heirs of Allen, because they had produced the cane from which the sugar had been manufactured. This, therefore, necessarily raised a Federal question, since it involved a construction of the act of Congress. The theory upon which the court did this is thus stated in the opinion: "The end of the bounty was to encourage the production of cane. It devolved upon us to determine by whom the cane was produced. In our judgment, after carefully reading the act, it is evident that the producer was to be the first to receive the benefit of the bounty. . . . The act (although it includes the manufacture of cane into sugar as one of the essentials) places the manufacture of the sugar in matter of the bounty scheme in a secondary position. In other words, in our view production was a first and manufacture a secondary consideration. Each, however, was essential in order to enable the producer to recover the bounty." The conclusion of the court was that, as the cost of cultivation was about equal to the cost of manufacture, the heirs at law were entitled to one half of the bounty and Mrs. Allen the other half.
The correctness of this construction is the question presented for our consideration. In the final production of sugar there are two distinct processes involved: (1) The raising of the cane; (2) the manufacture of the sugar from the cane so raised. If the cane be raised and the sugar be manufactured by the same person, he is beyond peradventure the "producer" of the sugar within the meaning of the statute; but if the cane be raised by one person and the sugar manufactured by another, which is the producer within the intent of the act? Or, if, as in this case, the cane be raised by the testator and he die while the crop is growing, and his executors reap it and convert it into sugar, which is the producer and which is entitled to the net proceeds of the crop? Conceding the question of what are the net proceeds of the crop is one determinable by the state courts alone, it is so commingled with the Federal question, who, under the act of Congress, was the producer of this crop, that it is scarcely possible to give a construction to the

ALLEN v. SMITH.
Opinion of the Court.
one without also taking into consideration the bearing of the other. In this particular the case is not unlike that of Briggs v. Walker, 171 U. S. 466, in which, where certain moneys had been collected of the United States by Briggs' executors, this court assumed to determine who were the "legal representatives" of Briggs, and for whose benefit under the act of Congress the money had been collected.
It is quite evident that Allen himself was not the producer of the sugar. He had planted the crop of cane upon his own plantation. He had given notice and a bond to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and had applied for a license; but he had done nothing toward the production of the sugar at the time of his death beyond raising the cane, which certainly would not have entitled him to be considered a producer of the sugar. The word "producer" does not differ essentially in its legal aspects from the word "manufacturer," except that it is more commonly used to denote a person who raises agricultural crops and puts them in a condition for the market. In the case of sugar a process of strict manufacture is also involved in converting the cane into its final product. In a number of cases arising in this court under the revenue laws, it is said that the word "manufacture" is ordinarily used to denote an article upon the material of which labor has been expended to make the finished product. That such product is often the result of several processes, each one of which is a separate and distinct manufacture, and usually receives a separate name; or, as stated in Tide Water Oil Co. v. United States, 171 U. S. 210, 216: "Raw materials may be and often are subjectpd to successive processes of manufacture, each one of which is complete in itself, and several of which may be required to make the final product. Thus logs are first manufactured into boards, planks, joists, scantling, etc., and then by entirely different processes are fashioned into boxes, furniture, doors, window sashes, trimmings and the thousand and one articles manufactured wholly or in part of wood. The steel spring of a watch is made ultimately from iron ore, but a large number of processes or transformations, each successive step in which is a distinct process of manufacture, and for

OCTOBER TERMW, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
which the article so manufactured receives a different name." So the one who raises the cane is undoubtedly entitled to be considered the producer of the cane, but he is not the producer of the sugar. That appellation is reserved for him who turns out the finished product.
Neither can Mrs. Allen, nor the heirs of her husband, be said to be the direct producers of the sugar. Neither of them was the owner of the crop, which belonged to the plantation while growing, and would, as hereinafter stated, have passed to the purchaser, had a sale been made while the cane was still uncut. One half of the plantation passed under the will to Mistress Bettie, and the other half to the heirs of her
husband. There remain only the executors who, as between the estate
of Allen and the Government, must be deemed the producers of the sugar. By the will they were authorized to rent or work the plantation as they pleased, to pay all taxes and other charges, and to put the residue to the credit of Mrs. Allen. The inchoate right to the bounty obtained by Allen before his death was a personal asset, which undoubtedly passed to the executors, who subsequently perfected that right and received the money.
Of course this money did not belong to the executors personally. They held it for the benefit of the estate and as agents for all persons interested therein; and the question as between the different heirs and legatee who shall be deemed the producer of the sugar remains to be settled. We are all of opinion that this question must be answered in favor of Mistress Bettie. If the cane when cut had been sold, the proceeds, over and above all expenses incurred since her husband's death, would have belonged to her, but not the bounty eo homine, since the sugar had not been produced nor the bounty earned. But if such sale had been made, the cane undoubtedly would have fetched a price largely increased by the fact that the purchaser would receive a bounty upon the manufacture of the sugar. It is impossible to suppose that the price of the cane would not be seriously affected by the promise of the bounty, though perhaps not to the full amount of such

ALLEN v. SMITH.
Opinion of the Court.
bobnty. In this way Mrs. Allen would have received indirectly the benefit of the bounty, although she did not produce the sugar. On the other hand, if the cane be converted into sugar, it is equally just that she should receive the bounty. To deny it to her would place her in a worse position than she would have been in if the executors had sold the cane when it was cut. Whether she received it directly or indirectly makes no difference in principle.
The difficulty with the position of the Supreme Court of Louisiana is this: That if A should raise the cane and sell it to B, who manufactured it into sugar, A and B would be entitled to share in the bounty, although A may have received a much larger price for his cane than he would have received if there had been no bounty. Under the terms of the will Mistress Bettie was entitled to receive the entire proceeds of the crop, over and above the expenses, taxes and other charges; and whether these came from a price received from the cane increased by the offer of a bounty, or from the bounty actually received upon the production of the sugar, is wholly immaterial. To give to one who raises the cane and sells it to a manufacturer any part of the bounty, is in reality ,to give him a double bounty, since he must necessarily receive one in the enhanced price given for the cane. On the other hand, the manufacturer of the sugar is entitled to the proceeds of his sugar and to whatever the law has annexed thereto as an incident.
To return to the illustration of manufactures. Can it be possible that, if a bounty were offered for the manufacture of furniture, the manufacturer of the finished product would be obliged to share such bounty with the owner of the trees, or the manufacturer of the lumber cut from such trees, from which the furniture was made? Or, under similar circumstances, would the manufacturer of watches be compelled to share the bounty with the scores of prior manufacturers who contributed directly or indirectly to the production of the various articles of mechanism which go to make up the finished watch? To state this question is to answer it; and yet, if the producer of the cane be entitled to any portion of the
VOL. cLxxUi-26

OCTOBER TERIMf, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
bounty, why are not the manufacturers of the constituent parts of a finished product?
The Supreme Court of Louisiana held that the widow was not chargeable with any part of the expense of the crop incurred prior to her husband's death, but that does not change her attitude to the sugar as its actual producer, nor deprive her of the benefit of the bounty; nor do we think that her right to such bounty is affected by the fact that the bounty law in existence when Allen applied for his license was repealed before his death, and another law passed in the following spring renewing the bounty applicable to the crop of the previous year. Such act was passed, as was held by this court, in United States v. Realty Co., 163 U. S. 427, in recognition of a moral obligation to those who had put in their crop the previous year upon the faith of the bounty law then in existence. It was not so much a gift by the Government as a reward paid in consideration of expenses incurred by the planters upon the faith of the Government's promise to pay a bounty to the manufacturers and producers of sugar. As applied to this case, we think the act of 1895 should be construed as a continuation of the prior bounty. To say that it is an "unwilled asset" is practically to bold that it is a gift from the Government "without anything in the nature of a consideration," and that the amount of sugar produced is only to be considered as the measure of the bounty. This dissociates the bounty altogether from the motive which actuated Congress in granting it, and turns it into a mere donation of so much money, which it cannot be presumed to have made, even if it had the power. Bounties granted by a government are never pure donations, but are allowed either in consideration of services rendered or to be rendered, objects of public interest to be obtained, production or manufacture to be stimulated, or moral obligations to be recognized. To grant a bounty irrespective altogether of these consi.derations would be an act of pure agrarianism; and to determine who is entitled to the benefit of the bounty is but little more than to determine who has rendered the consid-
eration.

ALLEN v. SMITH.
Opinion of the Court.
The act giving the supplementary bounty to replace that which should have been paid under the original act clearly did not contemplate giving a bounty to any other producer than the one designated by the original act. That act plainly gives the bounty only to the manufacturer and not to the grower. It follows, therefore, that the court, accepting its construction of the will as unquestionable, declared that although Mrs. Allen was a manufacturer of the sugar and the successor of Mr. Allen in that regard, was yet not entitled to the whole bounty, because, under its construction of the act of Congress, the grower of the cane was the primary.person intended to be benefited by the act. As it is obvious that the
person intended to be benefite4 by the act of Congress was the manufacturer, it follows that the Supreme Court of Louisiana, after finding that Mirs. Allen was the manufacturer, has taken from her a portion of the bounty to which she was -entitled under the act of Congress, on the erroneous theory that that act gave the bounty to the grower of the cane instead of to the manufacturer.
We do not undertake to say that the crop of growing or maturing cane passed to Mrs. Allen at the date of her hus,band's death, since if the executors had chosen to sell the ,plantation the next day, this cane would have passed to'the vendee. In this the common law and the civil law agree. -(1 Washb. on Real Prop. 5th ed.' 11; Code Napoleon, art. 520.) 'The same principle is incorporated in the Civil Code of Louisi:ana: "Art. 465. Standing crops and the fruits of trees not
.gathered, and trees before they are cut down, are likewise immovable, and are considered as part of the land to which they ;are attached. As soon as the crop is cut, and the fruits gathered, or the trees cut down, although not yet carried off, they are movables." But what she did own was the proceeds of the crop; the right in case the plantation was not sold to have this crop harvested for her benefit, and if manufactured into sugar, to have the proceeds of such sugar and all the incidents thereto placed to her credit.
For the reasons above given, we think she must be considered :as the producer of the sugar, and that it is immaterial that she

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Statement of the Case.
was not the producer of the cane, since the two are distinct and separate articles of production.
It results from this that the decree of the Supreme Court of Louisiana must be reversed, and the cases remanded to that court for further proceedings in consonance with this opinion.
ST. LOUIS, IRON MOUNTAIN AND ST. PAUL RAILWAY COMPANY v. PAUL.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF ARKANSAS.
No. 120. Submitted January 10, 1899. -Decided March 6, 1899.
The act of the legislature of Arkansas of March 25, 1889, entitled an act to provide for the protection of servants and employ~s of railroads, is not in conflict with the provisions of the Constitution of the United States.
THIS action was commenced in a justice's court in Saline Township, Saline County, Arkansas, by Charles Paul against the St. Louis, Iron Mountain and Southern Railway Company, a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Arkansas, and owning and operating a railroad within that State, to recover $21.80 due him as a laborer, and a penalty of $1.25 per day for failure to pay him what was due him when he was discharged. The case was carried by appeal to the Circuit Court of Saline County and there tried de novo. Defendant demurred to so much of the complaint as sought to recover the penalty on the ground that the act of the general assembly of Arkansas entitled "An act to provide for the protection of servants and employ~s of railroads," approved March 25, 1889, Acts Ark. 1889, 76, which provided therefor, was in violation of articles five and fourteen of the Amendments to the Constitution of the United States, and also in violation of the constitution of the State of Arkansas. The demurrer was overruled, and defendant answered, setting up certain matters not material here, and reiterating in its third paragraph the

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Syllabus.
This case does not require a comprehensive definition of the words "navigation" and "management" .of a vessel, within the meaning. of the act of Congress. They might not include stowage of cargo, not affecting the fitfiess of the ship to carry her cargo. But they do include, at the least, the control, during the voyage, of everything with .which the vessel is equipped for the purpose of protecting her and her cargo against the inroad of the seas; and if there was any neglect in not closing the iron covers of the ports, it was a fault or error in the navigation or in the management of th6 ship. This view accords with the result of the English decisions upon the meaning of these words. - Good v. London Steamshil Owners' Ae8ociation, L. IR. 6 0. P. 563; The Warkwort, 9 Prob. Div. 20, 145 ; Ca'rmiohaelv. LiveTool Shvpownere' Asociation,"19 Q. B. D. 242; Canada Shiping Co. v. British Shipowner8' Amsociation, 23 Q. B. D. .342 The .Ferro,(189 ) Prob. 38; The Glenochil, (1896) Prob. 10.
In. the case, cited by the appellant, of Dobell v. Steamehip Rosmore Co., (1895) 2 Q. B. 408, 414, the ship was unseaworthy at the time of sailing, by reason of the cargo having been so stowed against an open port that the port could not be closed without renloving a considerable part of the cargo; and Lord Esher, M.R.,upon that ground, distinguished that case from the decision of the Circuit Court of Appeals in the present case.
J dgment aflnrmed.
BRIGGS v. WALKER.
,REOH TO THE COURT O1 APPEALS OF 'THE STATE OF XENTUCKY.
o. 260. Submitted April 25,1898. -Decided October 1T, 1898.
Under an act of Congress, entitled 'an act for the relief of the estate" of a certain person deceased, and conferring upon the Court of Claims jurisdiction to hear and determine "the claim of the legal representatives" of that person for the proceeds in the treasury of his property taken by the United States, the executor is the legal representative, and any sum recovered by him by suitin that court is assets of the estqte and subject

BRIGGS "v. WALKE3 R.
Statement of the Case.
to the debts of the testator; and a decision of the highest court of a State in favor of creditors against the executor presents a Federal question, as to which it may be reviewed by this court upon a writ of error sued out by the executor.
THE controversy in this case was between the executor and
two creditors of Charles M. Briggs, and arose as follows: On April 18j 1862, during the war of the rebellion, Charles
S. Morehead, of Kentucky, executed and delivered to his nephew, Charles M. Briggs, a bill of sale of cotton in Mississippi, in these -terms:
"For and in consideration of money loaned and advanced heretofore by 0. M. Bkiggs, and further valuable consideration by way of suretyship for me by said Briggs, I hereby sell and transfer to said C. M. Briggs all the cotton on my two plantations in Mississippi near Eggspoint and Greenville. Said cotton so sold embraces all I have, baled and uubaled, gathered and ungathered. This is intended to cover all cotton that I have now or may have this year on said two plantations, supposed to be about 2000 bales."
At the same time, Briggs executed and delivered to Samuel J. Walker, Morehead's son in law, a writing in these terms:
"In consideration of the sale and transfer this day made to me by C. S. Morehead of all the cotton on his two plantations near Eggspoint in the State of Mississippi, as specified in said sale and transfer in writing, I hereby assume and agree to pay to Samuel J. Walker the sum of forty thousand dollars due and owing to said Walker by said C. S. Morehead, upon condition, however, that I realize sufficient. amount from any cotton on or from said plantations orproceeds of same, together with about twenty-five thousand dollars due me from said C. S. Morehead for moneys advanced and liability for him as surety; also about ten thousand dollars, more or less, being a claim of A. S. Shotwell as he may hereafter establish against said C. S. Morehead; but in case I should not realize sufficient to pay all of said claims or amounts above named in full, then I am to pay or divide the' amount that may be realized from said cotton, proportionately or pro -ata according to the respective amounts named, to the parties above named, first,

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Statement of the Case:
however, paying and refunding any moneys paid by the respective parties for or on account of expenses pertaining to same; and in case more should be realized than sufficient to pay said amounts, with interest thereon to the time of realization and payment, then any surplus to be divided, one half to said Shotwell and C. M. Briggs -jointly for any services, and the remaining one half to said Samuel J. Walker, but no other consideration to be paid to said $hotwell -and Briggs for their service."
Briggs at once took steps to get possession of the cotton, but was prevented by the Federal forces and the Confederate forces in the vicinity. This cotton, amounting to four hundred and fifty bales, was finally seized, together with other cotton, by Captain G. L. Fort, assistant quartermaster general in the United States Army, in behalf of the United States, and was by him sold and the proceeds paid into the Treasury .of the United States.
Briggs died in 1875, after repeated and unsuccessful efforts, through his attorneys, to obtain the proceeds of the cotton in question; and his executor continued the efforts, and, through the same attorneys, procured the passage of the act of Congress of June 4, 1888, c. 348, copied in the margin.1
1 An act for the relief of the estate of C. M. Briggs, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the UnitedStates of America in Congress assembled, That the Court of Claims is hereby given, subject to the proviso hereinafter mentioned, like jurisdiction to bear and determine the claim of the legal representatives of C. M. Briggs, deceased, for the proceeds of four hundred and fifty-five bales of cotton, now in the Treasury of the United States, alleged to have been owned, in whole or in part, by said Briggs, as is given to said court by the acts of March twelfth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and July second, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, upon petition to be filed in said court at any time within two years from the passage of this act, any statute of Ilimitations to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided, however, that unless the said court shall, on a preliminary inquiry, find that said Briggs was in fact loyal to the United States Government, and that the assignment to him hereinafter mentioned was bonafide, the court shall not have jurisdiction of the case, and the same shall, without further proceedings, be dismissed: And provided further, that if the court shall find that the alleged assignment from one Morehead to said Briggs, of date April eighteenth, eighteen

BRIGGS v. WALKER.
Statement of the Case.
Under the provisions of that act, Briggs's executor brought suit in the Court of Claims and therein recovered the sum of $88,000. See Briggs v. United States, 25 C. Cl. 126; 143 U. S. 346; 27 C. C1. 564. :alf of that sum was paid to the attorneys, pursuant to a contract between them and Briggs; and the rest, being the sum of $44,000, came to the hands of the executor.
Thereupon the executor, in a suit previously brought against him for the settlement of Briggs's estate, in the chancery division of the circuit court for the county of Jefferson- and State of Kentucky, set up, by amended answer, that he had collected this sum of $44,000; and prayed that Walker's widow (to whom Walker had assigned his claim) and Shotwell's administrator might be made parties to the suit, and be required to set up their claims to this sum. And XMrs. Walker and Shotwell's administrator filed petitions in the cause, claiming the sums mentioned as due to Walker and to Shotwell, respectively, in the writing signed by Briggs, April 18,1862, and above set forth.
To these petitions the executor of Briggs filed supplemental answers, in which, among other things, he set up the act of Congress of June 4, 1888, and the proceedings in the Court of Claims; and alleged that "in pursuance to the said act this defendant, through his said counsel, instituted an action against the United States in the Court of Claims to recover the proceeds of sale of the cotton aforesaid, and in and by said action it was finally determined and adjudged that the said
hundred and sixty-two, under which said Briggs claimed said cotton, was intended only as security to said Briggs for indebtedness, and against contingent liabilities assumed by him for said Morehead, judgment shall be rendered for such portion of the proceeds of said cotton as will satisfy the debts and claims of said Briggs to secure which said assignment was, given: Provided, said judgment shall not be paid out of the general fund in the Treasury arising from the sale of captured and abandoned property, hut shall be paid out of the special fund charged to and accounted for by Captain G. L. Fort, assistant quartermaster at Memphis, arising from the sale of the two thousand two hundred and nine bales of cotton, received by him, with which claimant's cotton was intermingled, said claimant to receive only the proportion which his cotton bears to the net proceeds -accounted for by said Fort. 25 Stat. 1075.

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Statement of the Case.
testator was loyal to the United States,. and that the assignment made by said Morehead to defendant's testator was bofta j§de and founded on a valuable consideration; but this defendant was, by the act aforesaid, as well as the final judgment of the Court of Claims, limited in hi§ recovery to such sum as would satisfy the debts and claims of his testator, to secure which the said assignment was given ; and this defendant says that by the final judgment of said Court of Claims be only received and recovered from the United States such sum as was owing. directly to his testator by said Morehead, and did not recover anything whatsoever for or on account of anything that may have been owing by said Morehead to A. L Shotwell or Samuel J. Walker;" and further alleged that "the passage of the act aforesaid was an act of grace on the part of the United States for the sole benefit of this defendant, and to permit this defendant to assert a claim against the proceeds of said cotton to the extent. that said Morehead was indebted to his testator; that long prior thereto all claim that had existed in favor of said testator as against the United States for any part of the proceeds of said cotton had been barred by limitation, and said claim was outlawed and worthless;" and that1"it was not intended by said act that this defendant should recover anything for the benefit, directly or indirectly, of any other person."
The circuit court of Jefferson County sustained demurrers of the petitioners to the supplemental answers of the executor; and, upon a hearing, found that there was due to Walker the sum of $40,000 and to Shotwell the sum of $6681'.2l; and adjudged that the sum of $44,000, in the hands of the executor,, after deducting his commissions, be applied pro rata to the payment of .these two sumg, and of the further sum of $25,000 due from Morehead to Briggs. The executor appealed to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky, which affirmed the judgment. 43 SOuthwestern Reporter, 479. Thereupon he sued out this writ of error.
The case was submitted to this court upon a motion by the defendants in error to dismiss the writ of error for want of jurisdiction, or to affirm the judgment.

BRIGGS . W-LKER.
Opinion of the Court.
Mr. James P. RZtm, Mr. 1etm Br ce and rf. Ramue B. Vance for the motion.
Mr. William Stone Abert, -Mr. Charles H. Gibson, .Mr. John .Aarshalland Mr. D. W. Sandersopposing.
XM. JusTICE GR&Y, after stating the -case, delivered the opinion of the court.
The motion to dismiss must be overruled. An, executor represents the person of the testator, and is charged with the duty of resisting unfounded claims against the fund in his hands. Co. lit. 209a; McArthur v. Scott, 113 U. S. 340, 396. The record, therefore,. does present the Federal question whether the right given by the act of Congress to the "legal representatives" of Charles M. Briggs was for the benefit of his next of kin to the exclusion of his creditors.
But we are of opinion that this question, which is the only Federal question in the case, must be answered in the negative, and consequently that the judgment of the Court of Appeals of Kentucky faust be al~rmed.
The primary and ordinary meaning of the words "representatives," or "legal representatives," or "perso n al representatives," when there is nothing in the context to control their meaning, is "executors or administrators," they being the representatives constituted by the proper court. I re Crawford's Trust, 2 Drewry, 230; In re Wyndham's Trusts, L. R.
1 Eq. 290; 2 Jarman on Wills, c. 29, § 5, (5th ed.) 957, 966; Williams on Executors, pt. 3, bk. 3, c. 2, § 2 (7), (9th ed.) 992;
Cox v. Curwen, 118 Mass. 198; Halsey v. Patterson,10 Stew' (37 N. J. Eq.) 445.
In Stevens v. Bagwell, 15 Yes. 139, 152, a claim by the next of kin of a naval officer to the share awarded him in a prize condemned after his death, and ordered by treasury warrant to be paid to his "representatives," was rejected by Sir William Grant, who said that the intention of the Crown in all cases of this kind is to put what is in strictness matter of bounty upon the footing of matter of right, and not to exercise any kind of judgment or selection wit 1 regard to the persons

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
to be ultimately benefited by the gift; that therepresentatives to whom the Crown gives are those who legally sustain that character; but the gift is made in augmentation of -the estate; and is to be considered as if it had been actually part of the officer's property at the time of his death.
In this court, it is well settled that moneys received by the United States from a foreign government by way of indemnity for the destruction of American vessels, and granted by act of Congress to the owners of those vessels, without directing to whom payment shall be made in case of death or insolvency, pass to the assignees in bankruptcy for the benefit of the creditors of tsuch owners, although such, assignees have been appointed before the act of Congress making the grant. Comegys v. Vasse, 1 Pet. 193; Erwin v. United States, 97 U. S. 392; William v. leard,140 U. S. 529.
In Emerson v. Hall, 13 Pet. 409, cited by the plaintiff in error, in which money paid by the United States to the heirs at law, as "the* legal representatives of William Emerson," under the act of March 3, 1831, c. 102, 6 Stat. 464, was. held not to be assets in their hands for tle payment of his creditors, the act, in its title, was 'expressed to be "for the relief of the heirs of William Emerson, deceased;" and it granted the money as a reward for services, meritorious indeed, but voluntarily 'rendered by Emerson, not under any law or contract, and imposing no obligation, legal or equitable, upon the. government to compensate him therefor; and the money was therefore held to have been received by his heirs as a gift or pure donation.
In the provision of the appropriation act of March 3, 1891, c. 540, concerning the French Spoliation Claims, the words "personal representative" and, "legal representative" were used to designate the executor or administrator of the original sufferer; and money awarded by the Court of Claims to such a representative was held by this court to belong to the next of kin, to the exclusion of assignees in bankruptcy, upon the ground that the act expressly so provided. 26 Stat. 897, 908. Blagge V. Balch, 162 U. S. 439.
The words "legal representatives " or "personal representa-

BRIGGS v. WALKER.
Opinion of the Court.
tives"; have also been used as designating executors or administrators, and not next of kin, in acts of Congress giving actions for wrongs or injuries causing death. Act of April 20,
1871, c. 22, § 6, 17 Stat. 15 ; Rev. Stat. § 1981; act of Feb-
ruary 17, 1885, c. 126; 23 Stat. 307 ; Stewart v. Baltimore & Ohio Railroad,168 U. S. 445, 449.
The act of June 4, 1888, c. 348, now before the court, is entitled "An act for the relief of the estate of C. M. Briggs, deceased," and confers upon the Court of Claims "jurisdiction to hear and determine the claim of the legal representatives of C. M[. Briggs, deceased," for the proceeds, in the Treasury of the United States, of cotton owned by him. The only conditions which the act imposes upon the right of recovery are that the petition shall be filed in the Court of Claims within two years; that that court shall find that Briggs was in fact loyal to the United States, and that Morehead's assignment of the cotton to Briggs was made in good faith; and that if it shall find that the assignment "was intended only as security to said Briggs for indebtedness, and against contingent liabilities assumed by him for said Morehead, .judgment shall be rendered for such portion of the proceeds of said cotton as will satisfy the debts and claims of said Briggs to secure which said assignment was given." The "debts and claims," in this last clause, manifestly include both classes of debts previously mentioned, namely, the direct "indebtedness" of Morehead to Briggs, and the "1contingent liabilities assumed by him for said Morehead," including the claims of the defendants in error, specified in the written agreement executed by Briggs contemporaneously with the assignment, and the amount of each of which has been ascertained by the court below.
The act of Congress nowhere mentions heirs at law, or next of kin. Its manifest purpose is not to confer a bounty or gratuity upon any one; but to provide for the ascertainment and payment of a debt due from the United States to a loyal citizen for property of his, taken by the United States; and to enable his executor to recover, as part of his estate, proceeds received by the United States from the sale of that property.

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Statement. of the Case..
The act is "for the relief of the estate" of Charles M. Briggs, and the only matter referred to the Court of Claims is the claim of his "legal representatives." The executor was the proper person to represent the estate of Briggs, and was his legal representative; and as such he brought suit in the Court of Claims, and recovered the fund now in question, and consequently held it as.assets of the estate, and subject to the debts and liabilities of his testator to the defendants in error-
Judgment q§Zrmed.

HUBBARD, Assignee, v. TOD.

VERTIOEA

TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEA.LS FOR THE EIGHW CIRCUIT.

1 o. 24. Argued April 22, 25, 1898.-Decided October 17, 1898.

On the hearing of a case, brought by certiqrari from a Circuit Court of Appeals on petition of one of the parties, in which the judgment of that court is made otherwise final, this court will pass only upon the errors assigned by the petitioner, and does not feel at liberty to decide whether there was error in the decree below, of which the other party might have complained.
Under the circumstances disclosed in the statement of the case and in theopinien of the court in this case, the Union Trust Company cannot be allowed to set up its alleged title to the stock and bonds in controversy, as against third parties taking in good faith and without notice, and the saine principle is applicable to its assignee, and to creditors seeking to enforce rights in his name; and, so far as this case is concerned, there is nothing to the contrary in the statute of Iowa regulating assignments for the benefit of creditors, as expounded by the Supreme Court of that State.
This court concurs in the conclusion reached by the Circuit Court and the Circuit Court of Appeals on the fact that the- respondents' right to the securities was superior to that asserted by the petitioner.
The New York statutes against usury cannot be interposed by a corporatfon, or pleaded by endorsers of its paper.

THE Manhattan Trust Company of New York filed its bill, on September" 28, 1893, in the Circuit Court of -the United States for the iNorthern District of Iowa, against the Sioux City & N"orthern Railroad -Company 'of Iowa, praying for

HOIVE FOR INOtTRABLES v. NOBLE.

Statement of -the Case.

duct would be decisive if the claim was supported by the con-

tract, it is nevertheless clear that it affords a just means of

adding forceful significance to the unambiguous letter of the

contract and the self-evident intention of the parties in enter-

ing into it.

Judgment affirmed..

HOME FOR INCURABLES v. NOBLE.
COLVILLE v. AMERICAN SECURITY AND TRUST COMPANY.
APPEALS FROM THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT OF
COLUM.BIA.
Nos. 57, 61. Argued November 9,10, 1893. -Decded January 8, 1899.
Mrs. Ruth died on the 16th of June, 1892, having on the first day of the same month and year executed both a will and a'codicil. After revoking all previous wills and codicils and .directing the payment of debts and funeral expenses, the will bequeathed all the real, personal or mixed property to the American Security and Trust Company for the benefit of a granddaughter, Sophia. Yuengling Huston, during her natural 1l1e. On the death of the granddaughter the will provided that the trust should end, and that it should be the duty of the trustee to pay over to the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania the sum of five thousand dollars for purposes stated, and 'to deliver all the ,, residue and remainder of the estate of whatever kind" to the Home for Incurables, to which corporation such residue was bestowed for a stated object. The codicil was as follows: I, Mary Eleanor Ruth, being of sound and disposing mind and memory and understanding, do make and publish this codicil to my last will and testament- I hereby revoke and annul the bequest therein made by me to the Home for Incurables at Fordham, New York city, in the State of New York, and I hereby give and bequeath the five thousand dollars (heretofore in my will bequeathed to said Home for Incurables) to my friend Emeline Colville, the widow of Samuel Colville, now living in New York city, said bequest being on account of her kindness, to my son and myself during his and my illness and my distress. Held, That the effect of the codicil was to revoke the bequest of five thousand dollars, made by the will in favor of the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, and to substitute therefor the legatee named in the codicil.
MARY E. Ruth died on the 16th of June, 1892, hating on the first day of the same month and year executed both a will

OCTOBER TERm, 1898.

Statement of the Case.

and, a eodiei[L After revoking all previous wills and codicils sand.direoting the payment of:debts andfuneral expenses, the will bequeathed all the real; personal or mixed property to the American Security. and .Trust Oompkny for the benefit of a granddaughter, Sophia Yuengling Huston, during her natural
life.'bn'Othedeath of the granddaughter the will provided
that the trust should end, and that it should be the duty of the trustee to pay over.,to,the 1 ospital, of the- jniyersity of Pennsylvinia the sum':o6fif 'th6usand' dollars for'purposes otat d .and tqjdelivep allL th, " rejdqe .a4d renaindsr of the
estate of whatever kind-" to, the Ihome for Incurables, to which corporation such residue was bestowed for a stated objecti- .iThe- codicil unquestionably gave .to :Etline Colville a bequest of five thousand dollars. The will and codicil are printed in full in the margi~.1
,1,M; ny ':~Etsattr 'Ruli,. si~hig tti't' .efty~ bf'WahIn'gtbn and the

Plimr1t; 43fi'o ~a ~ o sottd aid" b" Mgiifiibind Memory,

dmliiake d'jbLi5th aLd !ddirss Th"d W 66%my tlst'Witl nd c stamoent,

e n t hate-fnnear:Rumh*s: tM 6 fil

bf,*,.4

cL~dieifs byiea tl~tm i~. S"F atrdM4,T6IctChi rx 1 tta Inttod Bsl t . Aof t ,ofmmy
he~e1ayrtek',n And nakfnl~'en ,-liitirs~evr sanajt ftt'dfi'er'mefsan

tnltadE W kb Uriiedi';sItsin

t,6e Coiorbreilai,

oi'aqinre or

Seelftse:lity" adn 'aoa1Tte[ixtrtssaCtoniy:MTab~ott-id1daWl'ja' !hii~t[,R Cita'!Dsipsstir 'td' hofsaOroh xfios

- nl* 'ng~e

s'e #& b beith al'y~igjzds'lf-|ttea~ ,rpe b-irst~lo

isig os1, thfii'v ohgu

tse

b~o~etfMts-ti,d~l a'ie tlie p eCo~ my ~i'd~~tapeioAdtdbst eon

fkmon% time to vmeue naiiy'ot 6!ol ths ashalec.6amterasoamgrm i #tm be pii o nitd-StatrstWnA4 o1 in

ofakss 6f seurt tes; OtTat is ihle freihe'meiibtghe8 d ndaustr b6fds oolre In rst

imtgme boiidst6f'd.vtdewd pfyn9mragflro

dntls6aihosijseTigtied b- tfrat

tIU~kbbi; reat etaAt n the VAdt,1tf Oomb& ~'lasWtto exceed

thd a'nbal Theifomli" afd tfMjttitCah r

negiitto the ghmrIan

sufftbfeftAtto iro~i 'for: Ii~r iWtndteiitidend6ation and sup]port'untll she

becb~fiekr the~f'ltf ag. of 'Oeio

aldf iiro period the'bentire

income 6'ahindlU lyWedlrfr s iMAtn Vt efits ind jr Invctme~it abali

be paid gver by said trustee tp my said granddaughtp'i for ber so e use 4nd

tihitethe Xiicolne thils' ovldbd iv.'mysaidgadagrfrad

diirli

HOME FOR INCURABLES v. NOBLE.
Statement of the Case.
In October, 1895, the American Security and Trust. Company, alleging the .death of the granddaughter and the termination of the trust, filed a bill to obtain. a construction of the will and codicil, 'to .the end that it might be enabled to distribute the estate, and thus be legally discharged from all
the term of her natural life shall sooner cease. and determine at any time when it is ascertained by my said trustee that 'any part of my said income shall have been given by said granddaughter, or In anywise expended by or through her for the use or benefit of Robert J. Huston, from whom her mother, my. daughter, obtained a divorce wJh custody of, said Sophia Yuengling Huston given absolutely to her said mbther. In case the Income shall so cease ad determlne' before the death of my said granddaughter then said income, and all accumulations thereof and the entire principal of said trust estate shall be disposed of as proid~d in the neit 'succeeding Item of this my last will and testament.,
I further authorize my aforesaid trustee to sell any portion of the estate herein conveyed to It In 'lust as aforesaid and to invest and relivest the proceed as he~ilhbefori provided, giving to puichaseri good'and 'sufflet deeds'or otler vIdeaces of tltl, Wlthdut-obligation upon the. pkrttbSald purphas.rsto see toqthe :ppllcati1onlthe pprcI~ase money.
Third. K1) the event of the death of my said grinddaughter Sophia Yue.nglng' i~ust6 or of'the odcurrrnce of the prior coutIngeucy for the detetilnitfoi of "ald' ti-st hereinbefore rovfded In 'teti tw, ieti4 the trust her;Ahbefore created~anXl vested -Ir the'.AmeAiccn 9 eedrity' :td TruAt Cgmpany" shall. eease 4nd be detormined, aad -.omuch of. imysatd estate hollathereupon, be.ieveyed and.delivered over, by said American Secqrity1 and Trust 'Company to the Hospital of the University of Pennsyvania as
sdid-.1ospital t endow,tid forever 'maintain a flrst-class, perpetual bed In said hospItal n 1he dlty.of.Philadelphla, said bed to be in th name and memory of my beloved son Malancthon Love Ruth.
All the residue and Temalnder!of my said estate of whatever kind 'after the payment of said five thousand dollars for the, establishment of sid perpetual bed in, said hospital, I give, devise and bequeath to the "Home for Incurables'. at Fordham, New York city, In the -State of New York, Its, successors and assigns, forever. to be used by said. IHome for Incuga1)ies" to endow and foreverniaintal4 one -ormore .bds in said home In the
name and memory.f my beloved son Malannthon, Love Ruth.Fourth. I nominate ano. appoint Maryl l.obinspn Wright, wife of, J,
Hood Wright, ,f New York,city,, and. Mary Robinson Markle, wife of John Markle, of. Hazleton, pennsylvania, and the survivors of them, to be.the guardians or guardian of the property and the person of :my said grand daughter Sophia Yuenglng, Huston, they and each of them being my valued friends and having coneented to act in that behalf.
Fifth. I hereby nominate and appoint the "Amerfcan' Security and
VOL. cLxxii-25

OCTOBER TERMI, 1898.
Statement of the Case.
obligations in the premises. The bill charged that, considering the Will and codicil together, there was uncertainty whether the five thousand. dollars given by the codicil to Mrs. Colville revoked the bequest in favor of the University of Pennsylvania or substituted Mrs. Colville, in whole or only in part, in the place and stead of the Home for Incurables as to the gift in the will to that institution.
The Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, the Home for Incurables, Emeline Colville and the heirs at law of the decedent were made parties to the bill. The Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania by its answer denied that there was any ambiguity in the will iri regard to the bequest made to it, and averred that such bequest was in nowise impaired by the codicil. The Home for Incurables, although conceding by its answer that there was *an ambiguity arising ,from the will and codicil considered in juxtaposition, yet alleg'ed that the codicil did not in any respect diminish the bequest and devise of the residuum made to it by the will, or, if it did, operated to do so only to the amount of five thousand dollars. Emeline Colville, by her answer, whilst ad: mitting that there was ambiguity in the will and codicil considered together, averred that such ambiguity was patent, and was resolvable by settled rules of construction. She averred that, applying such rules, it was clear that the codicil operated torevoke the-bequest and devise of the residuum of the estate made in favor of the Home for Incurables, and
Trust Company"' of Washington city, District 'of Columbia, to be the sole executor of my estate.
I, Mary Eleanor Ruth, being of sound and disposing mind and memory and understanding, do make and publish this codicil to my last will-and testament- I hereby' revoke and annul the bequest therein made by me to the Home for Incurables at Fordham, New York city, in the State of New York, and I hereby give and bequeath the five thousand dollars (heretofore in my will bequeathed to said Home for Incurables) to my friend Emeline Colville, the widow of Samuel Colville,'now living in New York city, said bequest being on account of her kindness tomy son and myself during his and my illness and my distress.
In witness whereof I have hereto affixed my name this first day of June, in the year of our Lord -eighteen hundred and ninety-two, and I in all other things ratify and affirm my said will

HO3E FOR INCURABLES v. NOBLE.
Counsel for Parties.
had substituted Mrs. Colville as the residuary devisee after the payment of the amount of the bequest in favor of the Pennsylvania institution. 'The heirs at law by their answer, whilst admitting that the codicil gave Emeline Colville five thousand dollars, also asserted that the gift of the residue made by the will, in favor of the Home for Incurables, was revoked by the codicil, and therefore that after payment of the legacy of five- thousand dollars given to the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, and a like amount due to Mrs. Colville under the codicil,* the remainder of the estate passed to them, since as to such remainder the decedent was intestate.
The trial court found that the codicil gave Emeline Colville five thousand dollars, and substituted her to the bequest made in favor of the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania; hence, it decreed Mrs. Colville entitled to the five thousand dollars and that the Pennsylvania corporation took nothing. It further decreed that the Other provision of the will, that is, the disposition of the residuary estate in favor of the Home for Incurables, was unaffected by the codicil.
The Court of Appeals, to which the controversy was taken, whilst agreeing that the codicil gave Mrs. Colville five thousand dollars, and that she was entitled to this sum, held (the Chief Justice dissenting) that .the effect of the codicil was to revoke the bequest and devise of the residuum in favor of the Home for Incurables, and therefore that Mrs. Ruth, as to the entire remainder of her estate, after paying the legacies to the University of Pennsylvania and Mrs. Colville, had died intestate, consequently that the residue of the estate should be distributed among the heirs at law. iiO App. D. C. 56.
Mr. George . Yeamam and .3fr.J. S. *Flanneryfor the Home for Incurables. Xr.. George C. iobbe was on their brief.
2fr. Henry P. Blair'forthe Hospital of ihe University of Pennsylvania.
.r. Henry Thompson for Mrs. Colville. Xr. Edwin Sutherland filed a brief for same.

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.

Opinlon of the Court.
Kr.ffsniy Randall Webb and Mr.John Sidney Webb for Mrs. Noble and others.

Mr. Willam A.. .Kenlney submitted on behalf of the Amerikaa Security and Trust Company.

MaL..JusTWSWmrr, after making the foregoing statement, deliveredithe opinion of the court.

It, wilL subserve, clearneks of uiderstanding to accrately

define: at the outset' the,real contentions Which underlie the

issues presented.

It,,is notigaihsaid by either of the beneficiaries under the

will, that the plain intention &f the testatrix expressed inthe

codicil' was, .to give Mrs; OblvlIe the: sum of five thousand

dollars, i IndeedI assertion that there was, doubt- on this subt

jpot: eould

-rneoatson t 1T,y.be-'-n1ide iA view of the explicit

terms of.the, codicilt The xnceitainty which it is alleged exists 1i the Codicil -is solly-asit I*hich one of the bef fliL

aries, named in the.Will is to be affobted -by the pay e t of

teumgivr

-byTho codicil. - .Eaoh of. tho§, benefited' by the

will in substknice7Msertb that the codicil is eertaiW iso far as

it;man fests the~intentionl 61thetestatrix to give, ad thaltiit

iscqtyoertMnas .to'ithefand;from wbhich 'thd payment is

to ,be,utade, provided such fund 'is found to be the 'provision

made'bY the Wvill, iifnavor of the other.* The arguments hence

atonvce resolve 'themselveg. linto the single assertioii that,; a].

thibgh the: gift,,maddibythe codicil; iscertain, its enforeement

may Or may not be 'possible,'depending on the partictular fodh.

tain frodi which it may beo donoluded the testatrix infended

the stream of her benefaction should flow., And although

diffefihg ia fotni of statement, the 'ontentions upon Which

the e'galheirs and kMr. 'bolville base th6fr caim of right to

the.residuary estate, ub.s ti y pondu * to a like, althouigh

more aggrvated, result. The first. (the legal heirs) , poicede

the certainty of the intention of the testatrix as expressed in the vwdicil to ,give a specifi suMI. to Mrs.,.Colville, but claim

that in the execution of this defined;, purpose the -testatrix

HOME FOR INCURABLES v. NOBLE.

Opinion of the Court.

brought about uncertainty as to the entire residuum of her

estate, since intestacy, it is claimed, was created in that re-

gard. The second (Mrs. Colville), whilst equally granting the

clear puipose of the testatrix, by the codicil, to give her only

the sum of five thousand dollars, yet argues, that this purpose

has been so expressed as not only to- give the sum intended

but the entire remainder of the estate besides.

Before approaching the text of the will and codicil we will

notice an erroneous statement' of the rule of law by which it

is claimed the assertion that the codicil is unceitain-is to be

tested, and will also state the general scope of the power

which courts of equity wil exert to correct mistakes in'wills

and: the cardinal rule of construction which they adopt in so

doing.. -

..

It is strenuously argued that unless: it-be found that the cod-i

icil takes away from one of the ,beneficiaries named in the wilt

the whole-or a portion of what,.the will gives, by language as

clear and as freo.fromu ambiguity as ithat oontaified.in. the-will,

the 'codicil.-is void fore uncertainty,, and thb provisions of .the

will remain unaffected. This broad prposit.Wn is uhsound, and

the authority by which it is:apparently, supported has been

explained. or.qaalified., Thus in Randfeld v. Ran'rdfld, 8 H.

L. 225, Lord Cambell (p. 234),stated th rule as1ollows : .i

"The ,ratip deidendi, upon which; itis said, that;the Vice

Chancellor held that no operation is to bb given to the limiita-

tion over on the death of the son without ..issue,; 'If you have

a clear gift it shall not be cut d.wn,by anything subsequent,.

unless it. is equally. clear,' appears., to me to be insufficient. If

there:be a olear gift, it is notto beout down by anything sub-

sequent Which, does. not with -reasonable certainty indicate the

intention of the testator to cut it down,,but th' maximcannot

mean that you are 'toi institut.e a' comparison:' bet veen the two

clauses asto lucidity." "

And in the same case, Lord Wensleydale, at p. 237, said.:

"The gift being in., terms -absoluth: cannot:. be cut downq

unless there. is: a suffioientlyv clear indication obf, ayt interest

[intent.?] t- defeat it,by, the subsequent_ clause!. I quite.agree.

with the Lord Chancellor in the construotiotnof' those words

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
'to which he referred, that you need not have a clause equally clear, but it must be reasonably clear, and the clause to which that effect is attributed by the respondents is capable of a construction confining its effect to the real estates only."
And this rule of reasonableness is applicable, with peculiar potency, to a case like the one now before us, where the effect of defeating the codicil for uncertainty will confessedly frustrate the clear intention of the testatrix. In this *connection the language of Lord Brougham, concurred in by the House of Lords in Winter v. Porratt,6 Mann. & Gr. 314, 359, is pertinent:
"We ought not, without absolute necessity, to let ourselves embrace the alternative of holding a devise void for uncertainty. Where it is possible to give a meaning, we should give it, that the will of the testator may be operative; and where two or more meanings are presented for consideration, we must be well assured that there is no sort of argument in favor of one view rather than another, before we reject the whole. It is true the heir at law shall only be disinherited by clear intention ;. but if there be ever so little reason in favor of one construction of a devise rather than any other, we are, at least, sure that this is nearer the intention of the testator, than that the whole should be void and the heir let in.
"The cases where courts have refused to give a devise any effect, on the ground of uncertainty, are those where it was quite impossible to say what was intended, or where no inten. tion at all had been expressed, rather than cases where several meanings were suggested, and seemed equally entitled to the preference. . - . . On this head, it may further be observed, that the difficulty of arriving at a conclusion, even the grave doubt which may hang around it, certainly the diversity and the conflict of opinions respecting it, and the circumstances of different persons having attached different meanings to the same words, form no ground whatever of holding a devise void for uncertainty. The difficulty must be so great that it amounts to an impossibility; the doubt so great that there is not even an inclination of the scales one way, before we are entitled to adopt the conclusion. Nor have we any right to

HOME, FOR INCURABLES v. NOBLE.
Opinion of the Court.
regard the discrepancy of opinions -as any evidence of the uncertainty, while there remains any reasonable ground of preferring one solution to all the rest. The books are full of cases, where every shift, if I may so speak, has been resorted to, rather' than hold the gift void for uncertainty."
No.less clearly marked out is the conceded authority of a court of equity to correct mistakes in wills and to enforce the real intention of the testator by giving that construction which accomplishes such purpose. Story, 1 Eq. Jur. 12th ed. p. 174, says:
"SEc. 179. In regard to mistakes in wills, there is no doubt that courts of equity have jurisdiction to correct t.em, when they are apparent upon the face of the will, or may be made out by a due construction of its terms;, for in cases of wills the intention will prevail over the words. But, then, the mistake must be apparent on the-face of the will, otherwise there can be no relief ; for, at least sinc the Statute of Frauds, which requires wills to be in writing, (whatever -may have been the case before the statute,) Varol evidence, or evidence dehor8 the will, is not admissible to vary or control the terms of the will, although it is admissible to remove a latent ambiguity.
"SEO. 180. But the mistake, in order to lead to relief, must be a clear mistake, or a clear omission, demonstrable from the structure and scope of the will. Thus, if, in a will there is a mistake in the computation of a legacy, it will be rectified in equity. So, if there is a mistake in a name,_or description, or number of the legatees, intended to take, or in the property intended to be bequeathed, equity will correct it."
In 11ardenbergh v. Bay, 151 U. S. 112, at p. 126, the court, through Mr. Justice Jackson, thus stated the, doctrine:
The cardival rule for the construction of wills, to which all other rules must bend, as stated, by Chief Justice Marshall in Smiith v. Bell, 6 Pet. 68, 75, is, that 'the intention of the testator expressed in his will shall prevail, provided it. be consistent with the rules of law. This principle is generally asserted in the construction of 'every testamentary disposition. It is emphatically the wil of the person who makes it, and is

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
defined to be "the legal declaration of a man's intentions, which he wills to be performed after his death." These intentipns are to be collected from his words, and ought to be carried into effect if they be consistent with law.'" See also Colton v. Colton, 127 U. S. 300.
We come then to the text of the will and codicil in order to consider, first, whether the bequest and devise of the remainder, which the will makes, is in whole or in part affected by the codicil; and, second, if not, whether the codicil substitutes Mrs. Colville to the bequest in favor of the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, thereby revoking the gift of five thousand dollars made to the said hospital and conferring that sum upon Mrs.: Colville.
The language of that portion of the will with which we are now concerned is as follows:
"Third. In the .event of the death of my said granddaughter Sophia Yuengling Huston or of the occurrence of the prior contingency for the determination of said trust hereinbefore provided in item two, then the trust hereinbefore created and vested in the 'American Security and Trust Company' shall cease and be determined, and so much of my said estate shall thereupon be conveyed and delivered over by said American Security and Trust Company to the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania as amounts to five thousand dollars, said five thousand dollars to be used by said hospital to endow and forever maintain a first-class perpetual bed in said hospital in the city of Philadelphia, said bed to be in the name and memory of my beloved son Malancthon Love Ruth.,
"All the residue and remainder of-mysaid estate of whatever kind after the payment of said five thousand. dollars for the estal~lishment of said perpetual bed in said hospital, I give, devise and bequeath to the 'Home for Incurables' at Fordham, New York city, in the State of New York, its successors .and assigns forever, to be used by said: ' Home for Incurablez' to endow and forever maintain one or more beds in said home in the name and memory of my beloved son Malancthon Love Ruth."
.The codicil says:

HOMEE FOR INCURABLES v. NOBLE.
Opinion of the Court.
"I, Mary Eleanor Ruth, being of sound and disposing mind aid memory and undeistanding, do make and publish this codicil to my last will and testament - I hereby revoke and annul the bequest therein made by me to the Home for Incurables at Fordham, New York city, in the State of New York, and I hereby give- and bequeath the five thousand d6llars (heretofore in my will -bequeathed to said Home for Incurables) to my friend Emeline Colville, the. widow of Samuel Colville, now living in New York city, said bequest being on account of 'her kindness to my son and myself during his and my illness and my distress.
"In witness whereof I have hereto affixed. my name this first day of June, in the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-two, and I in all other things ratify and affirm my said will."
It is apparent that the portions of the will which are in. question contain but two provisions, first, a bequest of five thousand dollars to the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, and, second, a bequest and devise of the entire remainder of the estate to the Home for Incurables. This is so self-evident as to require nothing but statement. The codicil, it is obvious, makes one bequest only, that is, five thousand dollars to Mrs. Colville. It points out the source whence this sum is to be taken, by designating the particular fund created by the will from which the same is to be obtained. This designation is made in a twofold way: First, by naming the .person in whose favor the will gives a right, thereby pointing out that it is the fund given to such person which is to be drawn on in order to execute the gift in favor of Mrs. Colville. Second, it also designates the source whence the five thousand dollars is to be taken, by describing the character of the bequest in the will which is to be used to pay the legacy created by the codicil. As a result the codicil revokes the bequest in the will upon which it operates and substitutes the beneficiary named in the codicil for the beneficiary under the will. The controversy arises from the fact that there is conflict between the two designations made by the codicil, the name on the one hand and the character of the thing given on the other.

OCTOBE R TERM, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
This conflict plainly appears from a consideration of the text of the codicil: "1 hereby revoke and annul the bequest therein" (that is, in the will) "made by me. to the Home for Incurables at Fordham, New York city, in the State of New _York, and I hereby give and bequeath the five thousand dollars (heretofor6 in my will bequeathed to said Home for Incurables) to my friend Emeline Colville." That these words show a change of purpose as to a gift of five thousand dollars, found in the will and a substitution of the new beneficiary for the one mentioned in the will, igbeyond reasonable doubt demonstrated by the text. The revocation made by the codicil is but consequent on the gift to the new legatee of "the" sm "heretofore in my will bequeathed," and thus makes it patent that the revocation and the gift are truly one and the same act of volition, and that they arise from and depend one on the' other. Which then of the two designations in the codicil contained is the controlling one, or, otherwise stated, which :was mistakenly used by the testatrix ?
The language revoking and annulling in the codicil is "the bequest therein (that is in the will) made by me." The gift by the codicil is a bequest of "the five thousand dollars heretofore in my will bequeathed.'" Now the -only clause in the will to which this description can possibly apply is the single and only specific bequest found in the will, that is, the five thousand dollars given by the will to-the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. It follows that the only possible subject to which the codicil can apply is the only one found in the will to which the -description can possibly relate, and which it defines with certainty and- clearness. To adopt the designation which the codicil gives when it states the name of the beneficiary of the provision in the will would absolutely destroy the description of the character of the thing'stated in'the codicil, since there is nothing given by the will to the Home for Incurables which comes under or can possibly be embraced within 'the specific description contained in the. codicil of the object of gift to-be affected. Now, as it is manifest from the codicil that the purpose of the testatrix w.s but, in making the codicil, to change the benefit by her

HOME FOR INCURABIES v. NTOBLE.

395

Opinion of the Court.

conferred under the will only to the extent of the bequest found in the will of five thousand dollars, and that her sole intent was to confer this gift on a new person, it would follow if the mention by the codicil of the name of the supposed recipient of the gift were allowed to control,, that the thing revoked would be dominated by the mere name, the representative would be greater than the thing it stood for, and the plain intent and purpose of the testatrix, apparent on the face of the codicil, would be frustrated. Moreover, a yet more serious departure from the words and intention of the testatrix would result. It is plain from the will that the fixed design of the testatrix was to provide for the disposition of her entire estate; that is, thatshe assiduously sought to avoid intestacy as to any portion thereof. But if the name mentioned in the codicil be allowed to destroy the accurate desotiption of the nature of the thing upon which the codicil operates, intestacy as to the remainder of the estate would arise, since such result must flow from the assumption that the revocation made by the codicil relates to the devise of the remainder of the estate made by thewill. To hold that the name in the codicil controlled the description would be tantamount to saying that although the testatrix intended, and bad stated such intention in clear language, to dispose of all her estate, yet by writing the codicil she had become intestate to the full limit of all the remainder. Besides, to thus construe the will would be to declare that the greater portion of the codicil was wholly unnecessary and meaningless; for, if the intention had been that the sum given should be paid by. diminishing the remainder, then all reference to theparticular gift'which was to be operated upon was superfluous.
The intention of the testatrix as shown by the entire codicil is greatly fortified by considering that the context of the .will and codicil establish, beyond cavil, that they were written by one familiar with the technical legal terms, and heuce that the provisions found in both instruments were carefully made to conform to legal phraseology. N~ow,the thing revoked is called in the codicil "the bequest" made in the will, which contradistinguishes it from the bequest and devise of "all

OCTOBER TER)., 1898.
Opinion of fhe Court.
the residue and remainder" of the estate of the testatrix "of whatever kind," which the will contains.
The reasoning by which it is contended that the designation by name found in the codicil must be held as dominant and must be construed as obliterating the clear and legally precise indication of the thing intended to be revoked, which the codicil itself affords, does not commend itself to our approval. That reasoning thus proceeds: The codicil contains a revocation and a gift. The two are wholly distinct, the one from the other. As therefore the revocation refers by name to the -bequest made to the - fome for Incurables, and revokes it, therefore the provision made by the will for testacy as to the entire remainder is destroyed, even although the gift made by the codicil is only of five thousand dollars, and despite the fact that it plainly, by its terms, refers solely to a bequest of that amount made in the will. But to adopt this view compels a distortion of the language of the codicil, a mutilation of its context, and a division of its provisions into two distinct and substantive matters, when in fact on the face of the codicil it contains but one provision, a revocation and a gift, the one dependent upon the other, the one caused by the other; that is to say, a revocation made in order to give and a gift made solely of the -thing revoked. Indeed, to support the view that because the name of the Home for Incurables is stated in the codicil, that instrument had reference to the bequest and*devise of the remainder of the estate made by the will, requires hot only the arbitrary division of a single .sentence in the codicil into two parts, although they are indissolubly connected, but also necessitates a misconstruction of another portion of the will. " This follows from the fact that even although the revoking part ,of the sentence be alone taken into view, dissevered from that with which it is connected in the codicil by a union of thoughts and of words which cannot be disassociated, the codicil cannot be said to apply to the gift of the remainder without destroying the signification of its language. The thing annulled and revoked by the codicil is not the bequest and devise of the remainder, but the beyuest-by the will made. The language of the codicil

'HOME FOR IICURABLES v. NOBLE.
Opinion of the Court.
is: "I hereby revoke and annul the bequest therein made by me." But only one "bequest," that is, the one for five thousand dollars, existed -in the will. To cause the word "bequest" to refer to the remainder is to enlarge its scope and significance beyond its legal import. True, to justify the construction that the word "bequest" is synonymous with a bequest and devise of the remainder, it is said that the testatrix by her will "directed" the trustee to sell the real property and to convert all the estate into personal property, and therefore that it might well have been contemplated by her that when the time arrived for a distribution of the estate that the remainder would consist solely of personal property, and' therefore, in mental contemplation, the testatrix may naturally have assumed that the transmission of the remainder would be but a bequest exclusively of personal property. This overlooks the fact that the will and codicil were written on the same day; that the period when the life estate was to cease and the gifts made by the will were to become operative was necessarily wh6lly uncertain, and that the terms of the Will and codicil evidently relate. to the condition of the estate at the time that they were made and not to that which might exist at a subsequent and uncertain period. The reasoning moreover must rest on. a self-evident disregard of the terms of the will, which does not, as is expressly asserted to be the case, "1direct ' the trustee to convert the real estate into personal property, but simply "aut h orized" it to so do.
And this analysis which demonstrates that the terms of the codicil do not apply to the bequest and devise of the remainder so as to bring about intestacy, also with equal conclusiveness shows that the codicil cannot be construed as reducing the bequest and devise of the remainder to the extent of the five thousand dollars which the codicil gives. To so construe it would be to obliterate the words ' the five thousand dollars heretofore in my will bequeathed." It would be to assume that a revocation of a gift in the will had been made by the codicil when there was no necessity for so doing, for if the testatrix had intended simply to give five thousand dollars .out of the residue, the mere expression of an intention to give

OCTOBER TERMI, 1898. "

Opinion of the Court.

,five thousand dollars would have been entirely sufficient in

law to effect such purpose without the slightest necessity of

any revocatory clause whatever. This is but to state in an-

other forni the abounding reason we have already mentioned,

that the express result of -the words of the codicil was .not

alone to revoke a provision of the will, but to do so solely to

the extent and for the purpose of executing the new' intention

conceived by the testatrix by dedicating a particular and

named bequest made br the will to the new purpose, and,

hence, that the thing selected for revocation and substitution

was accurately described in the codicil, omitting the name of

the beneficiary thfereof, as "eke bequest"

C".of five

thousand. dollars heretofore in my will bequeathed." Con-

sidered in its ultimate aspect, the proposition that the codicil

gave five thousand dollars to the legatee named therein out

of the remainder necessarily affirms that the, codicil relates to

the remainder, and therefore asserts that the testatrix in-

tended not simply, to revoke in order to substitute the new

beneficiary to the specific sum revoked, but to create an inde-

pendent provision wholly disconnected from the bequest made

by the will. But this cannot be maintained without striking

out the major part 'of the codicil; 6nid thus frustrating the

plain intention of the testatrix -unambiguously expressed in

the letter and obviously within the spirit of the instrument.

As, then, the codicil does not, in whole or in part, refer to

the bequest and devise of all the residue and remainder made

by the will in favor of the Home for Incurables, it remains :only to consider whether it operates upon the bequest of five

thousandldollars made by the will liftavor of the Hospital of

the University of Pennsylvania. If it does, it substituted the

legatee named ii the codicil for the institution in question.

If it does not, the codicil is void for uncertainty, since there

is no other source from which the sum to execute the gift

which it makes can be taken. Conversely it results that all

the reasoning bywhich it has become manifest that the codi-

cil did not either apply to. the gift of the remainder, estab-

lishes that it does so apply to the gift made by the will in

favor of theHospital of the University of Pennsylvania. In

HOME FOR INCURABLES v. NOBLE.
Opinion of the Court.
the first place the gift to that corporation is the -only specific. bequest found in the will, and in the second place it is of the same amount as that named in the codicil. It is therefore embraced within the strictest letter of the description given by that instrument, "the bequest therein (in the will) made by me," and "the five thousand dollars heretofore in my will bequeathed." And a consideration of the whole scope of the will strengthens the force of the language of the codicik The bequest of five thousand dollars given by the will to she Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania was to b used by it "to endow and forever maintain a first-class perpetual bed in said hospital in the city of Philadelphia, said bed to be in the name and memory of my beloved so-a Aalancthon Love Ruth." The bequest and devise of "all' the residue and remainder of my said estate of whatever kind" in favor of the Ho, ie for Incurables was "to endow and forever maintain one or more beds in said home in the name and memory of my beloved son Malanothon Love Ruth." The purpose then of both gifts was the same. Now, the declared motive generating the making of the codicil in favor of Mrs. Colvilie was "on account of her kindness to my son and myself during his and my illness and my distress." The natural interpretation of the intention upon which the three provisions rests is reasonably as follows: Having provided for the perpetuation of the memory of the son by the execution of works of charity of substantially the same nature by two different institutions, the one by the use of five thousand dollars to support one bed, and the other and more important by the application of all the residue and remainder of the estate to support one or more beds, when the mind of the testatrix came to the conclusion that her tenderness to the memory of her son should be manifested by a gift to one who had befriended him, the means of executing this thought which she selected was this, not the revocation or impairment of the greater provision made by the will for honoring the memory of the son, but the transfer of the previous and lesser provision of five thousand dollars to the new legatee. By this means the general plan expressed by the will was unaltered,

OCTOBER TERA 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
despite the execution of the conception which the codicil embodied. It may, in consonance with reason, be considered that the testatrix, whose mind, as -the codicil shows, was charged with the recollection of the purposes expressed in her will, should have inadvertently used a wrong name, especially as each of the beneficiaries under the will were to apply the thing given to a like good work. It cannot, however, without denying the reason of things, be successfully asserted that although the testatrix specifically pointed out the clause in her will which she revoked, nevertheless by the mere mistaken use of the name of the person she destroyed or intended to destroy the plain and specific description which she vividly embodied in the very sentence where the. name was inadvertently stated.
From the foregoing, it results that the use of the name Home for Incurables, in the codicil, was but a mere mistaken designation, dominated and controlled by the description of the chairacter of thing to be affected by the codicil stated therein. Guided by the principles enunciated in the authorities to which reference at the outset was made, such mere mistake may be corrected, in construing the will, by disregarding the error and following the full and accurate descriaption which will then be contained in the instrument; and hence that the effect of the codicil was to revoke the bequest of five thousand dollars, made by the will in favor of the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, and to*substitute therefor the legatee named in the codicil.
The decreeof the Court of Appeals of the Districtof Columbia must be reversed,and the cause remanded to that court with directions to afirm the decree of the Supreme Court of the -Districtt,he costs of all partiesto be paidout of the estate,,andit is so ordered.
MR. JusTICE GRAY, not having heard the argument, took no part in the decision of this case.

BLYTHE v. IHNCKLEY.
Statement of the Case.
BLYTHE v. HINCKLEY.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT
OF CALIFORNIA.
No. 367. Submitted January 30, 1899. -Decided April 3,1899.
It appearing from the opinion of the Circuit Judge that the various bills in this case were dismissed on the grounds: (1) That the jurisdiction of the Circuit Court could not be maintained because the state court, in the exercise of its general jurisdiction, determined the eligibility of the defendant Florence Blythe to inherit an estate which that court was called upon to distribute under the laws of the State, and that other propositions contended for by the complainants were for the same reason deemed insufficient to take this case out of the general rule that after a court of a State, with full jurisdiction over property in its possession, has fnally determined all rights to that property, a court of the United States will not entertain jurisdiction to annul such decree and disturb rights once definitely determined; and (2) That the remedy of complainants, if any, was at law, and not in equity. Held, As neither ground went to the jurisdiction of the Circuit Court as a court of the United States, the appeal could not be sustained as within any class mentioned in § 5 of the Judiciary Act of 1891; and, if error was committed this was not the proper mode for correcting it.
THIs was a "complaint to quiet title," brought in accordance with the Code of Civil Procedure of California by John W. Blythe and Henry T. Blythe, citizens of the States of Kentucky and Arkansas, respectively, against Florence Blythe Hfinckley, Frederick W. Hinckley and the Blythe Company, all citizens of California, which alleged that complainants were owners as tenants in common of the real property described therein, and that the defendants, "and each of them, claim that they have or own adversely to plaintiffs some estate, title or interest in said lands; but plaintiffs allege that said claims of defendants are false and groundless and without warrant of law, and their claims to said lands are a cloud upon plaintiffs' title thereto." Then followed an amended complaint, which repeated the allegations of the original complaint, with some other averments, among them, "that at the

OCTOBER TERMI, 1898.
Statement of the Case.
time of the commencement of this suit neither one of the parties was in possession of said lands nor any part thereof." Thereafter a "second amended and supplemental bill in equity" was filed, which, among other things, set forth that Thomas H. Blythe was the owner of the real estate described at the time of his death; that he died in the city and county of San Francisco, April 4, 1883, being a citizen of the United States, and of the State of California, and a resident of said city and county; and that "after the death of said Thomas H. Blythe, as hereinbefore alleged, the public administrator of the city and county of San Francisco took charge of the estate of said Blythe and entered upon the administration of the same;" that Florence Blythe Hinckley was born in England, the child of an unmarried woman; that the mother was a British subject; that Florence remained in England until after the death of Thomas H. Blythe, when and in 1883, she came to California, being then an infant ten years old, and "ineligible to become a citizen of the United States;" and that she was "when she arrived in California a non-resident alien."
It was then averred that the laws in force in California in 1883 relating to the rights of foreigners and aliens to take real estate by succession as heirs at law of a deceased citizen of the State of California, were the treaty of 1794 between His Britannic Majesty and the United States, the naturalization laws of the United States, and section seventeen of article one of the constitution of California of 1879, which was made mandatory and prohibitory by section twenty-two; that there were at the death of Blythe certain laws in force in said State, to wit, sections 230 and 1387 of the Civil Code, providing for the adoption and legitimation, and institution of heirship, of illegitimate children; that there was not at any time during Blythe's lifetime any law in force in England under or by force of which he could 'have legitimated the said Florence or made her his heir at law, or under which he could have absolved the said Florence from allegiance to her sovereign, or, without bringing said Florence into California, have changed her status from a subject of England to that of a bona fi9de resident of California.

BLYTHE v. HINCKLEY.
Statement of the Case.
It was further alleged that on a direct proceeding in the Superior Court of San Francisco, sitting in probate, brought on behalf of said Florence to determine the question of heirship, and to which action and proceeding complainants appeared, denying and contesting her application, that court adjudged in favor of Florence, and "decided, in substance and effect, that said Thomas H. Blythe had in his lifetime adopted and legitimated the said Florence;" that from that decree complainants appealed to the- Supreme Court of the State, and that court "in substance and effect, decided that said Thomas H. Blythe did not adopt or legitimate the said Florence under or in conformity with said section 230 of the Civil Code, but that he had constituted her his heir under and pursuant to the provisions of section 1387 of said Civil Code." And it was charged that neither the Superior Court nor the Supreme Court had jurisdiction to render judgment in the matter, and that the decision of the Supreme Court was in violation of the constitution of the State of California, and inconsistent with numerous former decisions of that court.
The bill then set forth that said Florence filed in the Superior Court in the matter of the estate of Thomas IH.Blythe a petition for distribution, to which complainants appeared, and the court on hearing granted a decree of partial distribution, which complainants charged was void for want of jurisdiction; that thereafter and after the marriage of said Florence to defendant Hinekley, she filed in the Superior Court her petition for final distribution of the estate, which was resisted by complainants, but the court entered thereon a decree of final distribution, which complainants charged was void for want of jurisdiction.
It was further stated that when the original bill was filed neither party was in possession of the land described, but that the same was in the possession of the public administrator of said city and county of San Francisco, and that since then Florence had secured and was now in possession of the property. The bill prayed for a decree quieting complainants' alleged title; for an accounting as to rents and profits; for a receiver; and for general relief.

OCTOBER TEIh\T, 1898.
Statement of the Case.
After the filing of the second amended and supplemental bill, Mrs. Hinckley moved to dismiss the suit for want of jurisdiction, which motion was sustained by the Circuit Judge, for reasons given in an opinion filed December 6, 1897. 84 Fed. Rep. 246.
After the court ordered the dismissal of the suit, the record shows that leave was given to complainants "to amend their bill upon the understanding that it would not necessitate any further argument, but should be subject to the prior motion to dismiss the second amended and supplemental bill and to the order for a final decree entered thereon." Accordingly on December 22, 1897, complainants filed their "third amended and supplemental bill in equity." This bill was substantially the same as that immediately preceding, though it set up reasons why an action at law would not be an adequate remedy, and amplified certain matters alleged to bear on the jurisdiction of the state courts. It averred that section 671 of the Civil Code of California, providing that "any person, whether citizen or alien, may take, hold and dispose of property, real or personal, within this State;" and section 672, providing: "If a non-resident alien takes by succession, he must appear and claim the property within five years from the time of succession, or be barred;" were void as to aliens, because encroachments upon the treaty making power of the United States, and in conflict with section ten of article one of the Constitution of the United States, and with section 1978 of the Revised Statutes, and that therefore those courts were without jurisdiction; and also that when the state courts adjudged in favor of Florence because of Blythe's action under section 1387 of the Code, reading "every illegitimate child is an heir of any person who, in writing, signed in the presence of a competent witness, acknowledges himself to be the father of such child," that section was made to operate in favor of Florence outside of the geographical jurisdiction and boundaries of California, and, as thus applied, was in violation of section ten, article one, of the Federal Constitution, and of section 1978 of the Revised Statutes, and an invasion of the jurisdiction of international intercourse, wherefore the adjudication was without

BLYTHE v. HINCKLEY.
Statement of the Case.
jurisdiction; and complainants further said that sections 671, 672 and 1387 of the Code were in conflict with treaties between the United States and Russia, France, Switzerland and England, and with the Constitution of the United States; and hence that the Circuit Court had jurisdiction "on the ground that the construction and application of the Federal Constitution are involved as well as on the ground of diverse citizenship of the parties, and because said section of said Civil Code violated the Federal Constitution as herein stated." On the same day, December 22, 1897, the final decree was entered in the case, the third paragraph of which was as follows: "That the original ' complaint' of the complainants, John W. Blythe and Henry T. Blythe, filed December 3, 1895, and also the 'amended complaint' of said complainants, filed December 12, 1895, and also the 'second amended and supplemental bill in equity' of said complainants, filed January 14, 1897, and also the complainants' third amended and supplemental bill, filed by leave of court this 22d day of December, 1897, after the rendition of the decision of the court upon the matters determined herein, but before the signing of this decree, be, and the same are each hereby, finally dismissed as against each and all of the parties named therein respectively as defendants, and in all respects and in every particular, for want of either Federal or equity jurisdiction and without prejudice to complainants' right to bring or maintain an action at law."
From this decree John W. Blythe and Henry T. Blythe prayed an appeal to this court, which was allowed and bond given March 2, 1898, and on the same -day the Circuit Judge filed a certificate, certifying "to the Supreme Court of the United States pursuant to the Judiciary Act of March 3, 1891," fifteen questions of law, which it was stated arose "upon the face of said third amended and supplemental bill and upon said motion," namely, the motion to dismiss.
The first ten of these questions set forth that the Circuit Court sustained the motion to dismiss for want of jurisdiction to entertain the suit, and ordered it to be dismissed accordingly. The remaining five contained no statement as to their disposition.

OCTOBER TERAM, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
It appears from the opinion of the Circuit Judge that the various bills were dismissed on the grounds: First, that the jurisdiction of the Circuit Court could not "be maintained because the state court, in the exercise of its general jurisdiction, determined the eligibility of the defendant Florence to inherit an estate which that court was called upon to distribute under the laws of the State;" and that "the other propositions contended for by complainants are for the same reason deemed insufficient to take this case out of the general rule that after a court of a State, with full jurisdiction over property in its possession, has finally determined all rights to that property, a court of the United States will not entertain jurisdiction to annul such decree and disturb rights once definitely determined."
Second, that the remedy of complainants, if any, was at law, and not in equity.
A motion was made to dismiss or affirm the appeal.
AXr. FredericJD. AfcKenney, Xr. TV. II. Il [fart, 3Yr. John Garber and 31rf'. Robert . Hfayne for the motion.
Mr. S. IT' Holladay, -Mr. E. B. Holladay, .r. Jefferson CYandler and .1Lr. 1. D. 11c.fCisick opposing.
AIR. CHIEF JUSTICE FULLER, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
We have heretofore determined that review by certificate is limited by the act of March 3, 1891, to certificates by the Circuit Courts, made after final judgment, of a question in issue as to their own jurisdiction ; and to certificates by the Circuit Courts of Appeal of questions of law in relation to which the advice of this court is sought. United States v. Rider, 163 U. S. 132.
Appeals or writs of error may be taken directly from the Circuit Courts to this court in cases in which the jurisdiction of those courts is in issue, that is, their jurisdiction as Federal courts, the question alone of jurisdiction being certified to this

BLYTHE v. HINCKLEY.
Opinion of the Court.
court. The Circuit Court held that the remedy was at law and not in equity. That conclusion was not a decision that the Circuit Court had no jurisdiction as a court of the United States. Smith v. .McKay, 161 U. S. 355; Blythe Company v. Blythe, 172 U. S. 64,4.
The Circuit Court dismissed the bills on another ground, namely, that the judgments of the state courts could not be reviewed by that court on the reasons put forward. This, also, was not in itself a decision of want of jurisdiction because the Circuit Court was a Federal court, but a decision that the Circuit Court was unable to grant relief because of the judgments rendered by those other courts.
If we were to take jurisdiction on this certificate, we could only determine whether the Circuit Court had jurisdiction as a court of the United States, and as the decree rested on no denial of its jurisdiction as such, but was rendered in the exercise of that jurisdiction, it is obvious that this appeal cannot be maintained in that aspect.
Nor can we take jurisdiction on the ground that the case involved the construction or application of the Constitution of the United States, or that the validity or construction of a treaty was drawn in question, or that the constitution or law of a State was claimed to be in contravention of the Constitution of the United States, within the meaning of the Judiciary Act of March 3, 1891.
The Circuit Court by its decree passed on none of these matters, unless it might be said that they were indirectly involved in holding the judgments of the state courts to be a bar; and, moreover, the decree rested on the independent ground that the remedy was at law.
Even if the decree had been based solely on the binding force of the state judgments, still we cannot hold that an appeal directly to this court would lie.
The Superior Court of San Francisco was a court of general jurisdiction, and authorized to take original jurisdiction "of all matters of probate," and the bill averred that Thomas H. Blythe died a resident of the city and county of San Francisco and left an estate therein; and that court repeatedly decreed

OCTOBER TERAI, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
that Florence was the heir of Thomas I. Blythe, and its decrees were repeatedly affirmed by the Supreme Court of the State. So far as the construction of the state statutes and state constitution in this behalf by the state courts was concerned, it was not the province of the Circuit Court to reixamine their conclusions. As to the question of the capacity of an alien to inherit, that was necessarily involved in the determination by the decrees that Florence did inherit, and that judgment covered the various objections in respect of section 1978 of the Revised Statutes, and the tenth section of article one of the Constitution of the United States, and any treaty relating to the subject.
We are not to be understood as intimating in the least degree that the provisions of the California Code amounted to an invasion of the treaty-making power, or were in conflict with the Constitution or laws of the United States, or any treaty with the United States; but it is enough for the present purpose that the state courts had concurrent jurisdiction with the Circuit Courts of the United States, to pass on the Federal questions thus intimated, for the Constitution, laws and treaties of the United States are as much a part of the laws of every State as its own local laws and constitution, and if the state courts erred in judgment, it was mere error, and not to be corrected through the medium of bills such as those under consideration.
Appeal disnded.

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.

Syllabus.

statute arbitrarily singles out one class of debtors and punishes

it for a failure to perform certain duties -duties which are

equally obligatory upon all debtors; a punishment not visited

by reason of the failure to comply with any proper police regu-

lations, or for the protection of the laboring classes, or to pre-

vent litigation about trifling matters, or in consequence of any

special corporate privileges bestowed by the State." The con-

clusion was that the subjection of railroad companies only, to

the penalty, was purely arbitrary, not justifiable on any rea-

sonable theory of classification, and that the statute denied

the equal protection of the law demanded by the Fourteenth

Amendment. In this case the act was passed "for the protec-

tion of servants and employ~s of railroads," and was upheld

as an amendment of railroad charters, such exercise of the

power reserved being justified on public considerations, and a

duty was specially imposed for the failure to discharge which

the penalty was inflicted. The penalty was sustained because

the requirement was valid.

J-udgmaent adffirmed.

PRICE v. FORREST.
ERROR TO THE COURT OF ERRORS AND APPEALS OF THE STATE OF N1EW JERSEY.
No. 105. Argued January 3, 4, 1899. -Decided March 6, 1S99.
In 1850 Price, a purser in the Navy and fiscal agent for that Department, advanced $75,000 to the Government, from his private fortune, to meet emergencies. His right to receive it back was questioned, and was not settled until 1891, when Congress passed an act directing the Secretary of the Treasury to adjust his account " on principles of equity and justice," and to pay to him '; or to his heirs" the sum found due him on such adjustment. It was adjusted by the Secretary, and in August, 1892, it was decided that there was due to Price from the United States $76,204.08. Meanwhile Forrest had recovered in the courts of New Jersey, of which Price was a citizen and resident, a judgment against him for $17,000. Forrest died in 1860 without having collected the amount of this judgment. *In 1874 his widow, having been appointed administratrix of his

PRICE v. FORREST.
Opinion of the Court.
estate, caused the judgment to be revived by writ of scire facias and asked for the appointment of a receiver. Price appeared and answered, and then the cause slept until August, 1892, when Mrs. Forrest filed a petition, stating that money was about to be paid to Price by the United States on his claim, and asking for the appointment of a receiver of the Treasury draft, and that Price be ordered to endorse it to the receiver, to the end that the amqunt might be received by him as an officer of the court and disposed of according to law. A receiver was appointed, gave bond and entered on his duties. Price died in 1894. He left no will. No letters of administration were granted, but the New Jersey court appointed an administrator adprosequendun. The bill in this case was then filed. The relief sought was, the revival of the bill of 1874, that the administrator ad prosequendum be made a party, and that the other parties be enjoined from receiving the money from the Treasury, and that the receiver be authorized to receive and dispose of it under the orders of the court. The heirs of Price set up their claims to it. The court held that the plaintiffs were entitled to the moneys in the Treasury and its judgment was affirmed by the highest court in the State. Held, that the receiver, and not the heir, was the person entitled to recover the money from the United States; and that the case did not come within the prohibitory provisions against assignments of claims against the United States, contained in Rev. Stat. § 3477.
THE case is stated in the opinion.
2'. eJohn C. Fay and Mr. Flavel e Ghee for plaintiffs in error.
_11'. Cortlandt Parker and .2M9. R. Wayne Parker for defendants in error. .M9. Fank TVfHackett was on their brief.
MR. JUsTIcE HARLAN delivered the opinion of the court.
The ultimate question in this case is whether the plaintiffs in error, as heirs of Rodman M. Price, are entitled to receive from the United States the amount standing to the credit of the deceased on the books of the Treasury, and which represents the balance of a sum found in his lifetime under -the authority of a special act of Congress to be due him upon an adjustment of his accounts as a purser in the Navy.
The facts out of which arise the questions of law discussed by counsel are as follows:
In the year 1848 the decedent was assigned to duty on the Pacific Coast in California as purser and fiscal agent of the

OCTOBER TERMI, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
United States for the Department of the Navy. Hle acted in that capacity until about December, 1849, or January, 1850, when he was detached from such service and ordered to transfer all public money and property remaining in his hands to his successor, or to such other disbursing officer of the Navy as might be designated by the commanding officer at the naval station at California, and immediately after such transfer to report at the city of Washington for the purpose of settling his accounts.
A. Al. Van Nostrand was his successor, in California, as acting purser in the Navy.
About December 31, 1849, Commodore Jones of the Navy, commanding the United States squadron at San Francisco, directed Van Nostrand to receive from Price all books, papers, office furniture and funds on hand belonging to the purser's department at that city. Thereupon Price turned over to Van Nostrand as acting purser of the Navy at San Francisco, forty-five thousand dollars, that being all the public money remaining in his hands.
Subsequently on the 14th day of January, 1850, and out of his private funds alone, Price advanced to Van Nostrand seventy-five thousand dollars, taking a receipt therefor as follows: "San Francisco, January 14, 1850. Received from Rodman M. Price, purser U. S. Navy, seventy-five thousand dollars, for which I hold myself responsible to the United States Treasury Department, $75,000. (Duplicate.) A. M. Van Nostrand, acting purser." This money was so advanced without the approval and signature of Commodore Jones.
Van Nostrand never returned the $75,000 or any part of it to Price, nor did he account for it to the Government.
Price insisted that the United States should reimburse him for the amount so advanced by him, but the officers of the Government denied its liability to him on that account. In an elaborate opinion, given March 12, 1854, Attorney General Cushing held that, while the appointment of Van Nostrand as acting purser was lawful and valid under the circumstances, the Government could not be charged with the private funds paid to him by Price, although the latter be-

PRICE v. FORREST.
Opinion of the Court.
lieved at the time that his advance of money to the former was an accommodation to the Government in the then unsettled condition of California. 6 Opin. Atty. Gen. 357.
Finally, by an act approved February 23, 1891, c. 279, 26 Stat. 1371, entitled "An act for the relief of Rodman M. Price," the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States was "authorized and directed to adjust upon principles of equity and justice the accounts of Rodman M. Price, late purser in the United States Navy and acting navy agent at San Francisco, California, crediting him with the sum paid over to and receipted for by his successor, A. M[. Van Nostrand, acting purser, January 14, 1850, and pay to said Rodman M[. Price, or his heirs, out of any money in the Treasury. not otherwise appropriated, any sum that may be found due him upon such adjustment."
Under the authority conferred by that act the Secretary of the Treasury, in August, 1892, adjusted the accounts of Price; and in that adjustment he was credited with the sum advanced to Van Nostrand, leaving due to him from the Government the sum of $76,204.08, which of course included the above sum of $75,000.
In order that the precise questions to be determined upon this writ of error may be clearly apprehended we must now refer to certain matters occurring in the courts of New Jersey both prior to and shortly after the passage of the above act of February 23, 1891.
In the year 1857 Samuel Forrest recovered in the Supreme Court of New Jersey a judgment against Rodman Mvi. Price for the sum of $17,000 and costs. Execution upon that judgment was returned unsatisfied. Forrest died in 1860 intestate. In 1874: his wife, one of the present defendants in error, was appointed and qualified as administratrix of his estate. In the same year she sued out a writ of soirefaoiasto revive the above judgment, and it was revived. In the bill seeking a revivor of the judgment she alleged facts tending to show that Price had an interest in certain lands, and also that he had equitable things in action or other property to the amount of many thousand dollars, exclusive of all claims thereon and

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
of all exemptions allowed by law, which she had been unable to reach by execution on the above judgment. By that bill the administratrix also prayed discovery from Price of all property, real or personal, whether in possession or action, belonging to him, with full particulars in relation thereto, and that the same under the order of court be appropriated in satisfaction of such judgment; further, that a receiver be appointed in the cause to collect and take charge of the property, money or things in action found to belong to Price, or to which he was in any way entitled, either in law or equity, with power to convert the same into money, and with such other powers as were usually granted to receivers in similar cases; and that Price be enjoined from assigning, transferring or making any other disposition of the real estate and personal property to which he was in anywise entitled and from receiving any moneys then due or to become due to him, except where the same were held in trust or the funds held in trust proceeded from other persons than himself.
The defendants to that bill were Price and his wife and son, the latter being alleged to claim some interest in the property described in the bill. They appeared and filed an answer, Price denying that any part of the properties mentioned in the bill belonged to him, or that he had any interest in them.
After the filing of that answer the cause slept until August 9, 1892, when M rs. Forrest, as administratrix of the estate of her husband, filed a petition stating that since the filing of her bill of complaint in that cause no payment had been made on the judgment against Price, and that neither she nor her solicitors had been able to find any personalty or real estate belonging to Price by levy upon and sale of which any part of the amount due on the judgment could be obtained; that it had lately come to her knowledge that about $45,000 was about to be paid to Price by officers of the Treasury of the United States as the sum found to be due him by an accounting then lately had between him and the Government; that that sum was to be paid by the delivery to Price or to his attorneys of a draft of the Treasurer of the United States or some other negotiable security made or issued by its financial

PRICE v. FORREST.
Opinion of the Court.
officers and drawn payable to his order, the rules of the Department forbidding that it be made payable to the order of any other person or that said sum should be paid in any other way, and that said draft or negotiable security was to be made and the transaction closed on the 15th day of August thereafter; and that if Price obtained said money from the United States he would, unless restrained, put the same beyond the reach of the petitioner. The prayer of the petition was that a receiver of the draft or other negotiable security be appointed, and that Price be ordered and directed immediately on the receipt of such draft or security to endorse the same to the receiver, to the end that the amount thereof might be received by him as an ofioer of the court and disposed of aceording to law.
On the presentation of the petition with affidavits in its support, the Chancellor on the 8th day of August, 1892, issued a rule returnable at chancery chambers September 12, following, that Price show cause why the prayer of the petition should not be granted, and an injunction issue, and a receiver appointed pursuant to that prayer, which rule further directed that Price should be and was thereby restrained and enjoined from making any indorsement of the draft referred to in the petition.
A duly certified copy of that order, pursuant to directions therein, was served upon Price on the 10th day of August, 1892. Nevertheless, after that date Price received from the Assistant Treasurer of the United States at Washington and without permission of the court collected four several drafts signed by that officer for the respective sums of $2701.08, $13,500, $20,000 and $9000, in all the sum of $45,201.08, leaving in the hands of the United States of the amount due on the settlement of Price's accounts the sum of about $31,000.
On the 10th day of October, 1892, Charles Borcherling was appointed by the Chancery Court receiver in said cause of the property and things in action belonging or due to or held in trust for Price at the time of issuing said executions, or at any time afterwards, and especially of said four drafts, with authority to possess, receive and sue for such property and

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
things in action and the evidence thereof; and it was made the duty of the receiver to hold such drafts subject to the further order of the couit. The receiver was required to give bond in the sum of $40,000, conditioned for the faithful discharge of his duties. At the same time Price was ordered to convey and deliver to the receiver all such property and things in action and the evidence thereof, and especially forthwith to endorse and deliver the drafts to him, and he and all agents or attorneys appointed by him were enjoined and restrained from intermeddling with the receiver in regard to said drafts, and ordered, if in possession or control thereof, to deliver them to the receiver with an indorsement to that officer or to the clerk of the court for deposit; provided, the order should be void if the drafts other than the one for $9000 were delivered with Price's indorsement to the clerk, the proceeds to be deposited to the credit of the cause. Price was expressly enjoined from making any indorsement or appropriation of the drafts other than to the receiver or the clerk for deposit.
The receiver gave the required bond, and having entered upon the duties of his office, he caused a copy of the above order to be served upon Price, and demanded compliance with its provisions.
In 1892, the particular day not being stated, the Chancery Court issued an attachment against Price for contempt of court in disobeying the order of August 8, 1892. By an order made Mlay 18, 1894, the court held him to be guilty of such contempt and he was directed to pay to the receiver the sum of $31,704.08 and a fine of $50 and costs, and in default of obedience to that order to be imprisoned in the county jail until it was complied with. 7 Dickinson, (52 1N. J. Eq.) 16, 31. Upon appeal to the Court of Errors and Appeals the order of the Chancery Court was affirmed. 8 Dickinson, (53 N. J. Eq.) 693.
It is stated that the balance due on the settlement of Price's accounts, about $31,000, was withheld by the officers of the Government in the belief that there was a counterclaim against Price. But it having been determined to pay such balance, the Chancery Court made another order on the

PRICE v. FORREST.
Opinion of the Court.
18th day of May, 1894, by which Price was directed to execute two instruments in writing, which he had been previously required by the court to sign, seal and deliver, one of them consenting that the balance from the Government should be paid to the receiver, such consent to be filed with the Treasurer of the United States, and by the other assigning all his property, real and personal, and all his rights and credits.
These last two orders were served upon Price while he was sick, and he died June 8, 1894, without complying with either of them. So far as was known, he left no will, and no application had been made for the appointment of an administrator of his estate, as in case of intestacy. But letters of administration ad prosequendum were granted by the Prerogative Court of New Jersey to Allen L. McDermott.
The present bill was filed in the Chancery Court July 5, 1894, in the name of the administratrix of Samuel Forrest and of the receiver Borcherling. The principal defendants are the children and heirs of Rodman M. Price. The other defendants are John C. Fay and McDermott, the latter as administrator ad.prosequendum.
That bill alleged that on the 9th day of June, 1894, the defendants executed powers of attorney to the defendant Fay, who was one of the attorneys in the litigation respecting the drafts, authorizing him to apply to the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to them the balance to the credit of Price under the act of February 23, 1891, - they claiming that such balance belongs to his heis, and not to the receiver. It appears from the bill that in addition to the above four drafts, the United States paid to Price and his attorndys the further sum of $9000, reducing the balance apparently on the books of the Treasury under the above settlement to the sum of about $23,000. It was further alleged that the officers of the Treasury Department were desirous of doing right and justice in the premises ; that demand had been made by the receiver upon the Treasurer of the United States for the payment to him of said balance of money, and that the Treasurer neither consented nor refused to do so, but awaited the determination
VOL. cLx -27

418

OCTOBER TERMV, 1898.

Opinion of the Court.

by some lawful tribunal of the right of the receiver in the
premises. The relief asked was: 1. That the cause commenced by the
bill of 187: be revived, and the administrator ad prosequendum be adjudged a proper party thereto. 2. That the defendants, the children and heirs of Rodman M. Price, together with Fay, be perpetually enjoined from making any demand upon or application to the United States or from receiving any part of the money awarded to the deceased then remaining in the Treasury of the United States. 3. That the parties above named be decreed to pay to the plaintiff Borcherling, receiver, to be by him disposed of under the orders of the court, any part of the money they might have respectively received or might receive. 4. That the administrator ad 2 rosequend,m, or any executor or administrator of Price thereafter admitted as defendant in the cause, deliver to the receiver all the property of the deceased, whether in possession or action, which might come to their hands.
The heirs of Price filed pleas asserting their right to the benefit of the act of February 23, 1891. The case was heard upon the bill and pleas, and the pleas were overruled by Chancellor McGill. The defendants were thereupon ordered to answer the bill.
Upon appeal to the Court of Errors and Appeals, the order of the Chancery Court was affirmed, and the cause was remitted to that court with directions to proceed therein according to law. Pricev. Forrest,9 Dickinson, (54 N. J. Eq.) 669.
The heirs then filed an answer, in which they denied that there was any jurisdiction in the Chancery Court to sequester the moneys in dispute in the Treasury of the United States, and insisted that whatever amount remained in the Treasury as the balance due on the adjustment of the accounts of Rodman M. Price belonged under the act of Congress to the defendants as his heirs.
The case was heard upon bill and answer, and the Chancery Court was of opinion that the plaintiffs were entitled to the relief asked so far as it related to the collection by the defendants of the moneys mentioned in the bill of complaint and still

PRICE v. FORREST.
Opinion of the Court.
in the Treasury of the United States. It was therefore "ordered and decreed, that the said defendants and each of them be and they are hereby perpetually enjoined and restrained from making any demand upon or application to the Government of the United States, or the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States or any officer of the said Treasury, or from receiving from the United States, or its said Secretary of the Treasury or any officer thereof, any part of the money remaining in the Treasury of the United States at the time of filing said bill of complaint, and which was awarded to IRodman M. Price, deceased, as in the said bill stated, or now there remaining." This judgment was affirmed by the Court of Errors and Appeals of New Jersey, 56 N. J. Eq.; and the judgment of affirmance is here for review.
1. The first proposition of the plaintiffs in error is that consistently with the statutes of the United States the defendants in error cannot take anything under the orders adjudging that Borcherling, the receiver appointed by the state court, was entitled as between him and the heirs of Price to receive the money remaining to his credit on the books of the Treasury.
This contention is based upon section 3477 of the Revised Statutes of the United States, providing that "all transfers and assignments made of any claim upon the United States, or of any part or share thereof, or interest therein, whether absolute or conditional, and whatever may be the consideration therefor, and all powers of attorney, orders or other authorities for receiving payment of any such claim, or of any part or share thereof, shall be absolutely null and void, unless they are freely made and executed in the presence of at least two attesting witnesses, after the allowance of such a claim, the ascertainment of the amount due, and the issuing of a warrant for the payment thereof. Such transfers, assignments and powers of attorney must recite the warrant for payment, and must be acknowledged by the person making them, before an officer having authority to take acknowledgments of deeds, and shall be certified by the officer; and it must appear by the certificate that the officer, at the time of the acknowledgment, read

OCTOBER TERAM, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
and fully explained the transfer, assignment or warrant of attorney to the person acknowledging the same."
It is insisted that the orders in the state court assume to transfer or assign Price's claim against the United States in violation of, or without regard to the requirements of the statute, in that no assignment of the claim has ever been freely made; that no warrant for the payment thereof had been issued when those orders were made; and that the indorsement or assignment that Price was ordered to make did not fall within any of the established exceptions under section 3477, such as assignments in bankruptcy and insolvency, and assignments by operation of law.
Are these propositions supported by the decisions of this court in which it has been found necessary to construe that section?
In United SBtates v. Gillis, 95 U. S. 407, 416, the question was as to the validity of a voluntary transfer of the legal title to a claim under the Abandoned and Captured Property Act of March 12, 1863, for the proceeds of certain cotton seized by the military forces of the United States. The suit was brought by the transferee in the Court of Claims which found in his favor. By this court it was adjudged that he could not maintain the action. While holding that the act of February 26, 1853, c. 81, 10 Stat. 170, from which section 3477 was taken, was of universal application and covered all claims against the United States in every tribunal in which they might be asserted, this court stated that "there are devolutions of title by force of law, without any act of parties, or involuntary assignments compelled by law," to which the statute did not apply.
In Erwin v. United States, 97 U. S. 392, 397, which was also an action to recover the proceeds of certain cotton captured by the military forces of the United States, it appeared that the original claimant became a bankrupt, and assigned his property to an assignee in bankruptcy. One of the questions was whether the claim for these proceeds, even if it constituted a demand against the Government, was capable of assignment under the above statute. This court said:

PRICE v. FORREST.
Opinion of the Court.
"The act of Congress of February 26, 1853, to prevent frauds upon the Treasury of the United States, which was the subject of consideration in the Gillis case, applies only to cases of voluntary assignment of demands against the Government. It does not embrace cases where there has been a transfer of title by operation of law. The passing of claims to heirs, devisees or assignees in bankruptcy are not within the evil at which the statute aimed; nor does the construction given by this court deny to such parties a standing in the Court of Claims."
In Goodman v. .Niblack, 102 U. S. 556, 560, where the question was whether the above statute embraced voluntary assignments for the benefit of creditors, this court, referring to Eirwin v. United States, said: "The language of the statute, 'all transfers and assignments of any claim upon the United States, or of any part thereof, or any interest therein,' is broad enough (if such were the purpose of Congress) to include transfers by operation of law, or by will. Yet we held it did not include a transfer by operation of law, or in bankruptcy, and we said it did not include one by will. The obvious reason of this is that there can be no purpose in such cases to harass the Government by multiplying the number of persons with whom it has to deal, nor any danger of enlisting improper influences in advocacy of the claim, and that the exigencies of the party who held it justified and required the transfer that was made. In what respect does the voluntary assignment for the benefit of his creditors, which is made by an insolvent debtor of all his effects, which must, if it be honest, include a claim against the Government, differ from the assignment which is made in bankruptcy? There can here be no intent to bring improper means to bear in establishing the claim, and it is not perceived how the Government can be embarrassed by such an assignment. The claim isnot specifically mentioned, and is obviously included only for the just and proper purpose of appropriating the whole of his effects to the payment of all his debts. We cannot believe that such a meritorious act as this comes within the evil which Congress sought to suppress by the act of 1853."

OCTOBER TERMI, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
The doctrine of these cases has not been modified by any subsequent decision. Nor, as the argument at the bar implied, is that doctrine inconsistent with the decision subsequently rendered in St. Paul & Duluth Railroad v. United States, 112 U. S. 733. Nothing more was adjudged in that case than that a voluntary transfer by way of mortgage of a claim against the United States for the security of a debt, and finally completed and made absolute by a judicial sale, was within the purview of the prohibition contained in section 34:77, and could not be made the basis of an action against the Government in the Court of Claims. Such a voluntary assignment to secure a specific debt was held to be within the mischiefs which that section was intended to remedy. To the same class belongs Ball v. EIalsell, 161 U. S. 72, 79, which was the case of a voluntary transfer of part of a claim against the United States on account of the depredations of certain Indians on the property of the claimant.
While the present case differs from any former case in its facts, we think that the principle announced in Erwin v. United States and Goodman v. Niblac justified the conclusion reached by the state court. That court held that it had jurisdiction under the laws of the State, and as between the parties before it, to put into the hands of its receiver any chose in action of whatever nature belonging to Price and of
which he had possession or control. The receiver did not obtain from Price in his.lifetime an assignment of his claim against the United States. But having full jurisdiction over him, the court adjudged that as between Price and the plaintiffs who sued him the claim should not be disposed of by him to the injury of his creditors, but should be placed in the hands of its receiver subject to such disposition as the court might determine as between the parties before it and as was consistent with law. The suit in which the receiver was appointed was of course primarily for the purpose of securing the payment of the judgment obtained by Samuel Forrest in his lifetime against Rodman Al. Price. But that fact does not distinguish the case in principle from Goodman v. Ni black; for the transfer in question to the receiver was the act

PRICE v. FORREST.
Opinion of the Court.
of the law, and whatever remained, whether of property or money, in his hands after satisfying the judgment and the taxes, costs or expenses of the receivership as might be ordered by the court, would be held by him as trustee for those entitled thereto, and his duty would be to pay such balance into court to the credit of the cause "to be there disposed of according to law." Revision of N. J. Laws, 1877, sec. 26, p. 394.
As this court has said, the object of Congress by section 3477 was to protect the Government, and not the claimant, and to prevent frauds upon the Treasury. Bailey v. United States, 109 U. S. 432; Hobbs v. J]XcLean, 117 U. S. 567; Freedman's Savings Co. v. Skepherd, 127 U. S. 494, 506. There was no purpose to aid those who had claims for money against the United States in disregarding the just demands of their creditors. We perceive nothing in the words or object of the statute that prevents any court of competent jurisdiction as to subject-matter and parties from making such orders as may be necessary or appropriate to prevent one who has a claim for money against the Government from withdrawing the proceeds of such claim from the reach of his creditors; provided such orders do not interfere with the examination and allowance or rejection of such claim by the proper officers of the Government, nor in anywise obstruct any action that such officers may legally take under the statutes relating to the allowance or payment of claims against the United States. If a court, in an action against such claimant by one of his creditors, should, for the protection of the creditor, forbid the claimant from collecting his demand except through a receiver who should hold the proceeds subject to be disposed of according to law under the order of court, we are unable to say that such action would be inconsistent with section 3477. It may be that the officers charged with the duty of allowing or disallowing claims against the Government are not required to recognize a receiver of a claim appointed by a court, and may, if -the claim be allowed, refuse to make payment except as provided in section 3477. Upon this subject, the Second Comptroller of the Treasury, in his opinion, rendered July

OCTOBER TERMT, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
11, 1894-, construing the act of February 23, 1891, and in which he held that Price was entitled to receive in his lifetime, whatever sum was found to be due him on the adjustment of his accounts, but if he died before such adjustment was made his heirs would take, not by virtue of the act of Congress, but according to the laws of descent at the domicil of the deceased, said: "I do not presume for a moment that the Chancery Court of New Jersey could issue an execution and compel payment of this money, nor could any of its powers be brought to bear to compel, without at least additional legislation by Congress, the Comptroller to pay its judgment; but while that is true, yet on the other hand the Comptroller, so far having awaited the adjudication of that Chancery Court, ought to abide by the result of that litigation, and await a final adjudication and certification of the amount, as to who are entitled under the laws of that State. This comes more from comity, and from a disposition on the part of the Treasury officers to obey the laws of the land, and to help to enforce the decrees of the courts that have jurisdiction over matters in litigation of this kind, than from any actual authority that a court may have over the Comptroller to compel him to make payment. In conclusion, then, the Comptroller will not at this time act in this matter, but will say to the gentlemen, that they must fight it out in the courts of New Jersey, and that this court will follow the final decision that may be rendered there. . . . Hence this matter will be suspended until such time as the Comptroller may be put into possession of the final decree, either of the New Jersey Chancery Court, or such court as may have appellate jurisdiction therefrom." Even if it be true that the final order of the state court in relation to the money in question would not impose any legal duty upon the officers of the Treasury, it does not follow that the order of court appointing the receiver would be null and void, as between those who are parties to the cause and who are before the court.
It only remains to say touching this part of the case that if section 3477 does not embrace the passing or transfer of claims to heirs, devisees or assignees in bankruptcy, as held

PRICE v. FORREST.
Opinion of the Court.
in EF.win v. United States, nor a voluntary assignment by a debtor of his effects for the benefit of his creditors, as held in Goodman v. _ANiblack, it is difficult to see how an order of a judicial tribunal having jurisdiction of the parties appointing a receiver of a claim against the Government and ordering the claimant to assign the same to such receiver to be held subject to the order of court for the benefit of those entitled thereto, can be regarded as prohibited by that section.
2. Were the heirs of Rodman M. Price entitled upon his death, by virtue of the act of February 23, 1891, to such balance as then remained to his credit in the Treasury of the United States on the adjustment made of his accounts under that act? If they were so entitled, then the final judgment of the Court of Errors and Appeals affirming the judgment of the Chancery Court denied to the plaintiffs in error a right specially set up and claimed by them under the above act; and therefore the jurisdiction of this court to reexamine that final judgment cannot be doubted. Rev. Stat. § 709.
The plaintiffs in error insist that -Emerson v. Hall, 13 Pet. 409, 413, 414, is decisive in their favor. Although this contention is not without some force, we are of opinion that the judgment in that case does not control the determination of the present case. Emerson, surveyor, Chew, collector, and Lorrain, naval officer, at the port of New Orleans, having seized a brig for a violation of the laws prohibiting the importation of slaves, instituted proceedings that resulted in the condemnation of such vessel and slaves. It had been previously decided in The Josefa Segunda, 10 Wheat. 312, that the proceeds could not be paid to the custom-house officers, but vested in the United States. Emerson and Lorrain having died, Congress, on the 3d day of March, 1831, passed an act entitled "An act for the relief of Beverly Chew, the heirs of William Emerson, deceased, and the heirs of Edward Lorrain, deceased." That act directed the proceeds in court to be paid over to the said Beverly Chew and "the legal representatives" of Emerson and Lorrain, respectively. The question was whether the Emerson part of the proceeds belonged to his heirs, or were assets primarily liable for his

OCTOBER TERAM, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
debts. This court, after observing that Emerson had not acted under any law, nor by virtue of any authority, and that his acts imposed no obligation, legal or equitable, on the Government to compensate him for his services, said: "Had Emerson become insolvent and made an assignment, would this claim, if it may be called a claim, have passed to his assignees? We think, clearly, it would not. Under such an assignment, what could have passed? The claim is a nonentity. Neither in law nor in equity has it any existence. A benefit was voluntarily conferred on the Government; but this was not done at the request of any officer of the Government, or under the sanction of any law or authority, express or implied. And under such circumstances, can a claim be raised against the Government, which shall pass by a legal assignment, or go into the hands of an administrator as assets? . . . A claim having no foundation in law, but depending entirely on the generosity of the Government, constitutes no basis for the action of any legal principle. It cannot be assigned. It does not go to the administrator as assets. It does not descend to the heir. And if the Government, from motives of public policy, or any other considerations, shall think proper, under such circumstances, to make a grant of money to the heirs of the claimant, they receive it as a gift or pure donation -a donation made it is true in reference to some meritorious act of their ancestor, but which did not constitute a matter of right against the Government. In the present case, the Government might have directed the money to be paid to the creditors of Emerson, or to any part of his heirs. Being the donor it could, in the exercise of its discretion, make such distribution or application of its bounty as circumstances might require. And it has, under the title of an act, ' for the relief of the heirs of Emerson,' directed, in the body of the act, the money to be paid to his legal representatives. That the heirs were intended by this designation is clear; and we think the payment which has been made to them under this act has been rightfully made, and that the fund cannot be considered as assets in their hands for the payment of debts."

PRICE v. FORREST.
Opinion of the Court.
Now, it is said that the grounds upon which in Enerson v. Hall the claim of the heirs was sustained, exist in the present case; that Price did not act under any law, nor in virtue of any authority, and that his acts imposed no obligation in law or equity upon the Government that could have been enforced even if suit could have been maintained against it. And the conclusion sought to be drawn is t hat Congress must have intended by the act of 1891, as it was held to have intended by the act in Emerson's case, to legislate for the benefit of the heirs or next of kin of the decedent and not for his personal representatives. But there were other facts in the Emerson case which placed that case upon peculiar grounds. Emerson and Lorrain were both dead when the act of March 3, 1831, was passed, and therefore Congress must have had in mind the question whether the Emerson and Lorrain portions of the money on deposit in court should be given to their respective heirs or not. And the question was solved as indicated by the preamble to that act. The preamble distinctly shows that Congress had in view the heirs, and not those who would administer the estate of the two persons whose meritorious services were recognized. Although a preamble has been said to be a key to open the understanding of a statute, we must not be understood as adjudging that a statute, clear and unambiguous in its enacting parts, may be so controlled by its preamble as to justify a construction plainly inconsistent with the words used in the body of the statute. We mean only to hold that the preamble may be referred to in order to assist in ascertaining the intent and meaning of a statute fairly susceptible of different constructions. United States v. Fisher,2 Cranch, 358, 386; United States v. Palmer,3 Wheat. 610, 631; Beard v. Rowan, 9 Pet. 301, 317; fHoly Trinity Church v. United States, 143 U. S. 457, 462; Coosaw Xfining Co. v. South Carolina,144 U. S. 550. In Emerson's case the decision was placed partly on the ground that the title of the act of 1831 indicated that Congress, in using the words "legal representatives " in the body of the act, had in mind the heirs of Emerson and Lorrain, and not technically their personal representatives. It is a fact not without significance

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Opinion of the Court.
that the money awarded by the above act of 1831 did not replace any moneys taken by Emerson and Lorrain from their respective estates for the benefit of the Government. They had only rendered meritorious personal services for the public upon which no claim of creditors could be based, but which services Congress chose to recognize by making a gift to the heirs. This was substantially the view taken of the case of Emerson v. ilall in the recent case of Blagge v. Balch, 162 U. S. 439, 458.
The case before us differs from the Emerson case by reason of circumstances which we must suppose were not overlooked by Congress when it passed the act of 1891. By advancing to Van INostrand seventy-five thousand dollars to be used for the Government, Price's ability to meet his obligations to creditors was to that extent diminished. As he had acted in good faith, and in the belief that he was promoting the best interests of the Government, the purpose of Congress was to make him whole in respect of the amount he had in good faith advanced to his successor for public use. He was then alive, and there was no occasion for Congress to think of making any provision for those who might be his heirs. We think that the legislation in question had reference to his financial condition, and there is no reason to suppose that Congress intended that the amount if any found due him upon the adjustment of his accounts should not constitute a part of his absolute personal estate, to be received and applied in the event of his death by his personal representative as required by law.
We concur with the state court in the view that the act of 1891 was not intended to confer a mere gratuity upon Price, but was a recognition of a moral and equitable, if not legal, obligation upon the part of the Government to restore to him moneys advanced in the belief at the time that they would be repaid to him in the settlement of his accounts as a disbursing officer; and that the use of the words "or his heirs" in the act was not to make a gift to the heirs of such sum as upon the required adjustment of his accounts was found to be due their ancestor, and thereby exclude his creditors from

PRICE v. FORREST.
Opinion of the Court.
all interest in that sum, but to provide against the contingency of death occurring before the adjustment was consummated, and thus to make it certain that the right to have his accounts credited with the amount paid to Van Nostrand, upon principles of "equity and justice," should not be lost by reason of such death. Under this interpretation of the act, the words "or his heirs" must be held to mean the same thing as personal representatives. We do not perceive either in the words of the act, or in the circumstances attending its passage, anything to justify the belief that Congress had any purpose in the event of the death of Price to defeat the just demands of
creditors. Reference was made in argument to the recent case of
Briggs v. Walker, 171 U. S. 466, 473, 474. It differs in some respects from both the Emerson case and the present case, but the decision is in accord with the views herein expressed. It arose under "an act for the relief of the estate of- C. M. Briggs, deceased," and the principal question was whether the right given by the act to Briggs' "legal representatives" was for the benefit of his next of kin to the exclusion of his creditors. This court said: "The act of Congress nowhere mentions heirs at law, or next of kin. Its manifest purpose is not to confer a bounty or gratuity upon any one; but to provide for the ascertainment and payment of a debt due from the United States to a loyal citizen for property of his, taken by the United States; and to enable his executor to recover, as part of his estate, proceeds received by the United States from the sale of that property. The act is 'for the relief of the estate' of Charles Mv[. Briggs, and the only matter referred to the Court of Claims is the claim of his 'legal representatives.' The executor was the proper person to represent the estate of Briggs, and was his legal representative; and as such he brought suit in the Court of Claims, and recovered the fund now in question, and consequently held it as assets of the estate, and subject to the debts and liabilities of his testator to the defendants in error." It is to be observed that the court in that case looked both to the body of the act and the preamble in order to ascertain the intention of Congress.

OCTOBER TERM, 1898.
Syllabus.
It results that the plaintiffs in error, as heirs of Rodman M. Price, were not denied by the final judgment of the state court any right secured to them by the act of 1891.
Something was said in argument which implied that Price had wrongly resisted the collection of the Forrest claim and judgment. It is proper to say that so far as the record speaks on that subject, the course of the deceased was induced by the belief on his part that it was a claim which he was not bound in law or justice to pay. Our conclusion does not rest in any degree upon the character of that claim, but entirely upon questions of law arising out of matters that were concluded, so far as this court is concerned, by the action of the state court, and which we have no jurisdiction to review.
We find in the record no error of law in respect of the Federal questions presented for consideration, and therefore the decree below must be
Affrrned.
SMITH v. BURNETT.
APPEAL FROM THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No.112. Argued January 6,9,1899.-Decided March 13, 1899.
Undoubtedly there was jurisdiction in admiralty in this case, in the courts below.
Although a wharfinger does not guarantee the safety of vessels coming to his wharves, he is bound to exercise reasonable diligence in ascertaining the conditions of the berths thereat, and, if there is any dangerous obstruction, to remove it, or to give due notice of its existence to vessels about to use the berths; at the same time the master is bound to use ordinary care, and cannot carelessly run into danger.
This court is unable to decide that the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia was not justified in holding, on the evidence, that appellants were liable for negligence and want of reasonable care, and that the master was free from contributory negligence, and therefore affirms the decree of the Court of Appeals which agreed with the trial court on the facts.

