COLBURN v. GRANT.
Statement of the Case.
raised or considered in the Criminal Court or in the Superior Court, in respect to the admission of the evidence. So that there was no basis on which to claim error in this respect in those courts. Nor did the Supreme Court, in passing upon the contention, deal with it as a Federal question, but as a mere question arising under the administration of the criminal law of the State, and there is, therefore, nothing in its action for us to review.
But we do not wish to be understood as implying that, even if this question had been duly presented in the state courts as a Federal question, there was error in admitting the evidence complained of.
The judgment of the Supreme Court of North Carolina is Afflmed.
COLBURN v. GRANT.
APPEAL FROM THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 221. Argued and submitted April 8, 9, 1901.-Decided May 20, 1901.
The statements below of the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia in this case, that abandonment of discretionary power by a trustee to his cotrustee, is a fact to be proved by him who alleges it; that so likewise is negligence in the supervision of a trust; and that neither abandonment nor negligence is to be implied without satisfactory proof of the fact, or of circumstances sufficient to warrant the inference, and that the court does not find that proof in the statement of facts contained in the record, are cited and approved by this court.
The treatment of facts and law in the opinion of the courts below was full and satisfactory, and releases this court from further discussion.
THIs is an appeal from a decree of the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia, which affirmed a decree of the Supreme Court of the District dismissing a bill in equity, which had been filed in that court. The complainants were legatees of one Augustus G. P. Colburn and their trustee, Franklin H. Mackey, against Robert E. Grant, the executor of the estate of

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Statement of the Case.
George Fitz James Colburn, a deceased trustee of the estate of said Augustus Colburn, for an accounting, it being alleged that there had come into the hands of said trustee and his cotrustee, both of whom were deceased, a large sum of money, namely, $28,000, and that only $5000 thereof had been accounted for. The codefendants of the defendants' executor were those persons who would be entitled to distribution of his testator's estate. The case was heard upon the pleadings and an agreed statement of facts.
The stipulation of facts was as follows: "In order to obviate the expense of taking testimony in relation thereto, it is hereby stipulated and agreed that the following are conceded as facts, and that the statements herein may be read and taken in this cause as established. "That the complainant Franklin H. Mackey, trustee, was appointed by decree of this court in equity cause No. 18,728, and has qualified as such. "That the complainants iRollinson Colburn and Edward A. Colburn are the only surviving children of Hlervey Colburn, who was a brother to Augustus G. P. Colburn. "That the complainants Elizabeth F. Colburn, Gertrude TI. Colburn, F. Helen Colburn and Louise B.Colburn are the only children of IT. Hobart Colburn, a deceased child of the said Hervey Colburn; that said IT. Hobart Colburn predeceased the said George Fitz James Colburn, and that all the abovenamed parties are now of full age. "That George Fitz James Colburn died in September, 1897, unmarried and without issue, his wife having died before him, and that all the brothers and sisters of Augustus G. P. Colburn predeceased the said George Fitz James Colburn except P. D. Miranda Kimball, who died on the 22d day of December, 1897. "That under the will of the said Augustus G. P. Colburn the said George Fitz James Colburn and John W. Taylor were named as trustees, without bond, for the management of the trust portion of said estate, with power to sell the same. "That the real estate in the city of Newark, State of New Jersey, mentioned in the will of the said Augustus G. P. Colburn,was sold by said trustees shortly after the death of the

COLBURN v. GRANT.
Statement of the Case.
testator, the net proceeds arising therefrom amounting to twenty-seven thousand dollars, which was paid part in cash and the remainder in subsequent instalments, the latter instalments being collected by the said Taylor.
"That the said George Fitz James Colburn removed from the city of Newark in the year 1873 to the city of Washington, D. C., where he resided, except for a few months, up to the day of his death.
"That John W. Taylor, one of the said trustees, was a prominent lawyer of the city of Newark at the time of his appointment, and continued so to be up to the date of his death in the year 1893, and that he was regarded by the general public as a man of business integrity at the time of his death by his own hands on November 20, 1898.
"That after the death of the said Taylor it was found that he had squandered many estates under his custody, amongst others the said estate of Augustus G. P. Colburn, except the sum of five thousand dollars, which was under the exclusive control of the said George Fitz James Colburn, and which latter sum of $5000 has been turned over by the executor of said George Fitz James Colburn to said Franklin H. Mackey, trustee, by order of this court in equity cause 18,728.
"That the said trust estate, except the said sum of five thousand dollars referred to, was by the said George Fitz James Colburn left solely to the collection, management and discretion of the said Taylor, who handled said sum without the cobperation, supervision or knowledge of the said George Fitz James Colburn, the latter only requiring from said Taylor the payment of the income of said estate to him, said George Fitz James Colburn, as provided by said will.
"Upon the death of said Taylor, trustee, the said George Fitz James Colburn, as surviving trustee, made claim against the estate of said Taylor for the amount of the trust fund by him squandered, as aforesaid, and upon said claim of twentytwo thousand dollars he received a dividend of $3342.45.
"That by paper writings dated respectively September 6, 9 and 11, 1895, Rev. Edward A. Colburn, Rollinson Colburn, and H. Hobart Colburn released all claim to the said $3342.45 unto

OCTOBER TERMI, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
the said George Fitz James Colburn, and that thereupon the said George Fitz James Colburn purchased an annuity for himself, which he enjoyed until his death. Said paper writing is in the following form: 'I hereby give my full assent that my cousin, George Fitz James Colburn, shall have full right to use the sum of $3342.45 received by him from his father's estate, should he so have need, and do resign any interest I may have in said sum of $3342.45 if he so desire to use it.' Originals of above paper to be filed in this suit."
Xr.Franklin.HfAfackey for appellants.
Xi'. JJIoldsworth Gordon, for appellee, submitted on his brief.
AIR. JUSTIE SinRAs, after making the above statement, delivered the opinion of the court.
The case was heard in the Supreme Court of the District on bill, answers and an agreed statement of facts. Some complaint is made in appellants' brief of the alleged fact that the court treated certain allegations in the answer of the defendant executor as evidence, although an answer under oath had been dispensed with, and it is said that only those portions of the answer which admitted the allegations of the bill, or contained admissions against interest, should have been considered.
We are inclined to think that, upon the record made up and presented at the hearing, the court had a right to consider all the allegations of the answer. No replication, putting the allegations of the answer in issue, appears to have been filed, and the court may have well supposed that the complainants had agreed to have the case disposed of on bill, answers and stipulation. If such a course was a surprise to counsel, application should have been made to have the decree suspended, and for leave to take rebutting evidence.
However, we have examined and compared the respective allegations of the bill and answer, and do not perceive that, even upon the theory of appellants' counsel, any such substan-

COLBURN v. GRANT.
Opinion of the Court.
tial difference in the facts could have been made to appear as would have justified a different result.
Not only, then, is there an agreement as to the controlling facts, but there also seems to be little or no controversy in respect to the principles of law involved. The learned counsel for the appellants concedes, in effect, the propositions of law found in the opinion of the Court of Appeals, but contends that a proper application of those propositions would call for a dif-
ferent decree. The purpose of the bill is to have the estate of George Fitz
James Colburn held liable for a defalcation by John W. Taylor, who was united with said Colburn in the administration of a trust estate created by the will of Augustus G. P. Colburn, father of George F. J. Colburn.
The father, who was a resident of Newark, New Jersey, died on May 27, 1872, and in his will, dated May 25, 1872, devised to said son, for and during his natural life, a certain dwelling house and lot in said city, with power to the trustees named in the will, who were his said son and John W. Taylor, to sell the same at any time, and to invest the proceeds of such sale as advantageously as possible, and to pay over the income arising therefrom to his said son during his life. Shortly after the death of the testator the trustee sold this real estate for the sum of $27,000, which was paid partly in cash and partly in instalments. George F. Colburn subsequently removed to the city of Washington, where he died in September, 1897.
John W. Taylor was a prominent lawyer in the city of Newark at the time of his appointment, and continued so to be up to the date of his death, and was regarded by the general public as a man of business integrity at the time of his death by his own hand on November 20, 1893.
After Taylor's death it was discovered that he had squandered many estates in his custody, among others the said estate of Augustus G. P. Colburn, except the sum of $5000, which was under the exclusive control of George F. J. Colburn, and which latter sum is not in controversy here.
Upon the death of Taylor, George F. J. Colburn, as surviving trustee, made claims against the estate of Taylor for the amount

OCTOBER TERMI, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
of his defalcation in the estate of Augustus G. P. Colburn, and upon said claim of twenty-two thousand dollars he received a dividend of $3342.45. The amount so received was subsequently, with the consent of the residuary legatees under his father's will, invested by George F. J. Colburn in an annuity for himself, which he enjoyed until his death.
Without going into further details, it is evident, and, indeed, is conceded, that George F. J. Colburn was not involved in the dishonest acts of his cotrustee, and which resulted in the loss of the larger part of the trust estate. Nor is it contended that, as a matter of law, was George F. J. Colburn liable for the malfeasance of his cotrustee.
What is contended is that an abandonment of discretionary power by a trustee to a cotrustee, where the trust is entitled to the united discretion of both, is such an act of supine negligence as to render the trustee who has abandoned his active participation in the management of the trust liable for the losses occasioned by the misconduct of the cotrustee; that George F. J. Colburn did so abandon his functions as trustee, and that, accordingly, he was, and his estate now is, liable for the money misapplied by Taylor.
The courts below did not refuse to recognize the soundness of appellants' statement of the law as a general proposition, and, indeed, stated it strongly in the following language:
"Cotrustees may not act independently of one another, nor ignore each other in the management of the trust. The trust is entitled to the united judgment, discretion and ability of all the trustees selected. For this reason they may not delegate discretionary powers among themselves."
But it was the opinion of those courts that, while such is the general doctrine, yet the facts of the present case do not call for its application; that the conduct of Colburn was not in the nature of an abandonment by him of duties devolved upon him as trustee under his father's will.
The Supreme Court thus expressed its conclusion: "After a loss has occurred, as in this case, by the positive fault of some one, it may be easy to say how it could have been prevented; but in order to hold some one else fairly responsible,

COLBURN v. GRANT.
Opinion of the Court.
the point of view held by the party sought to be made liable at and before the loss occurred is the only safe point of view to assume.... From the light of the circumstances shown, I cannot convince myself that George F. J.Colburn was guilty of any such negligence as to render him liable, nor that the claim now made by the bill in this case is a proper one to be allowed against his executor."
The Court of Appeals, after a full statement of the facts and the law applicable thereto, expressed the following conclusion:
"But we fail to find in the agreed statement of facts sufficient proof of the abandonment of the duties of the trust by George Fitz James Colburn, 16 App. Gas. D. C. 107, 114, or any proof of negligence on his part in the supervision of the trust in such manner as to render himself or his estate liable.
"It is true that it is said in the statement that the trust estate, to the extent of twenty-two thousand dollars, was left by Colburn to ' the collection, management and discretion solely of Taylor,' and that Taylor 'handled said sum without the cooperation, supervision or knowledge of Colburn.' But this is not sufficient. The statement may be consistent with the relinquishment only by Colburn of the ministerial duties which he might well have intrusted to Taylor. In order to bold Colburn responsible there should be some evidence of abandonment by him of the discretionary duties which it was not proper for him to delegate to his cotrustee.
"It is very evident that the testator had confidence in Taylor, whom he designates as his friend, and who was in all probability his legal adviser; and the joinder of Taylor in the trust is, under the circumstances, strong evidence that it was the testator's intention that his should be the controlling mind in the mnanagement of the trust; and this view is fully corroborated by the fact that Colburn, in view of his own special interest in the trust and that there was a residuary devise of the trust fund, might not be entirely impartial or entirely judicious in such management. If the real estate which originally constituted the trust fund had remained unsold, and no duty had been imposed on the trustee Taylor other than to collect the rents and to remit them to Colburn in Washington, and this

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
duty had been left exclusively to him, we do not think that it would be reasonable to infer from this fact alone that Colburn had abandoned the trust; and yet in that contingency this would have been the only duty to be performed under the trust, except the payment of taxes and insurance, and all this would necessarily have been under the supervision of Colburn and subject to his approval and ratification in the acceptance of the rents remitted to him. When the real estate was sold and the proceeds invested or reinvested, did any different condition arise? It does not anywhere in the record appear how this fund of twenty-two thousand dollars, alleged to have been left to the management of Taylor, was invested. It does not appear that, after having been once invested, there was ever need or occasion for reinvestment. Indeed, it may reasonably be conjectured that the amount remained as a mortgage on the property sold; and inasmuch as there is nothing to show that such mortgage was ever paid and that the proceeds were reinvested, it would not be unreasonable to assume that the investment remained as it was first placed. At all events, we cannot assume the contrary in the absence of proof. We cannot assume that the money became due, and that Taylor received it and reinvested it without the concurrence of Colburn, or that he wholly failed to reinvest it and converted it to his own use. That Taylor obtained control of the fund and misappropriated it is very clear, but when, or how, or under what circumstances he did so, we are not told. For all we know, he may have come into possession of the fund in the last week or the last month of his life, and he may have been the ministerial agent to receive the money when it was due and payable. He may have come properly into possession of it, and the misappropriation may have been an afterthought. We cannot infer delinquency on the part of Colburn when there is no more proof than is contained in this record that, by his abandonment of his trust, or by his negligence in the supervision of it, he had put it in the power of his cotrustee to prove faithless in his duty. Abandonment of discretionary power by a trustee to his cotrustee is a fact to be proved by him who alleges it, and so likewise is negligence in the supervision of a trust. INeither abandonment

COLBURN v. GRANT.
Opinion of the Court.
nor negligence is to be implied without satisfactory proof of the fact or of circumstances sufficient to warrant the inference, and we do not find that proof in the statement of facts contained in this record."
Another fact in this case is not without weight. After Taylor's death, and when it appeared he was a defaulter, Coiburn at once presented a claim, as cotrustee, against his estate, and was allowed a dividend in the sum of $3342.45. Thereupon the residuary legatees consented in writing that Colburn should have a right to use said sum in the purchase of an annuity on his own account. While we are not disposed to accept the suggestion, on behalf of the appellees, that by consenting to such a use by Colburn of the money received from the estate of Taylor, the residuary legatees were estopped from claiming liability for the rest of the fund misapplied by Taylor, we yet think that such a consent tends strongly to show that the residuary legatees, who were fully aware of all the facts .and circumstances, did not regard Colburn's conduct as subjecting him to liability for Taylor's misconduct. And the further fact, shown by the record, that no intention to hold Colburn for Taylor's defalcation was ever disclosed till more than two years after Colburn's death, and nearly six years after that of Taylor, tends to show that the effort to so hold him is an afterthought, not entitled to the approval of a court of equity. The treatment of facts and law in the opinions of the courts below, contained in the record, was so full and satisfactory as to relieve us from further discussion. The decree of the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia is
.Afzpmed.
VOL oLxxxi-39

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Syllabus.
was not necessary for the decision. Moot questions require no answer.
This being the only matter suggested, and it appearing that the Federal question stated in the record calls for no decision, judgment is
-Aflrmed.
KENADAY v. SINNOTT.
ERROR TO AND APPEAL FROM THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 66. Argued November 5, 1900. -Decided December 24,1900.
Final decrees of the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia in respect of final settlements in the orphans' court, may be reviewed in this court on appeal.
Where, in a controversy between an executrix and next of kin, a decree of the orphans' court approving the final account of the executrix has been reversed by tle Court of Appcals on the appeal of the next of kin, and the cause remanded that the account might be restated in accordance with the principles set forth in the opinion of the Court of Appeals, involving a recasting of the entire account, tbe decree of the Court of Appeals is not final.
The Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia, sitting as an orphans' court, has jurisdiction over the settlement of estates, and controversies in relation thereto between the next of kin and the executrix, and resort to the chancery court is unnecessary.
Certain familiar rules of construction of wills reiterated: (a) .That the intention of the testator must prevail; (b) that the law prefers a construction which will prevent a partial intestacy to one that will permit it, if such a construction may reasonably be given; (c) that the courts in general are-averse from construing legacies to be specific.
Ademption is the extinction or withdrawal of a legacy in consequence of some act of the testator equivalent to its revocation or clearly indicative of an intention to revoke.
In this case, in view of the general intention of the testator as plainly shown by the provisions of his will taken together, and of the rules against partial intestacy and against treating legacies as specific, the bequest of money as therein made to testator's widow is construed not to have been a specific legacy but rather in the nature of a demonstrative legacy, and a change, between the date of the will and the death of the testator,

KENADAY v. SINNOTT.
Statement of the Case.
from money into bonds, held not to be an ademption, and so a rule of law rather than a question of intention.
THIS was a proceeding for the settlement of the final account of Mary Louise Kenaday, as executrix of Alexander M . Kenaday, in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, holding a special term for orphans' court business. Alexander M. Kenaday died in the District of Columbia, March 25, 1897, leaving a will, which was probated in the orphans' court of the District at the April term, 1897, and Was as follows:
"In the name of God, Amen. I, Alexander McConnell Kenaday, resident of Washington, District of Columbia, being of sound and disposing mind and memory, calling to mind the frailty and uncertainty of human life, and being desirous of settling my worldly affairs and directing how the estates with which it has pleased God to bless me shall be disposed of-after my decease-while I have strength and capacity so to do, do make and publish this last will and testament, hereby revoking and making null and void all other last wills and testaments by me heretofore made. And first, I commend my mortal being to Him who gave it, andmy body to the earth, to be buried with [as1] as little expense by my executor hereinafter named.
"Imprimi8. My will is that all my just debts and funeral charges shall be paid out of my estate, by my executrix.
"Item. I give, devise and bequeath to my beloved wife, Mary Louise Kenaday, all my real estate, household furniture, and claims pending in the courts in relation to said real estate, to wit:
"House and lot known as No. 507 & 509 on F street, northwest, Washington, D. C., lot No. 2 (east half) of square 482, 30X101.10.
4
"House and lot known as No. 621 H street, northwest, lot 483
sq. No. 483, 20 X 133 to an alley. A
"House and lot known as No. 2006 G street, northwest, lot No. 25 in square No. 103, 201 X 120 ft. to an alley.
1 Word enclosed in brackets erased in copy.

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Statement of the Case.
"And I hereby authorize my wife, as executrix, to convey by deeds in fee simple any or all of said real estate in accordance with the laws of the District of Columbia, under the advice of some competent attorney.
"'Item.Included as claims pending in the courts are: An account for taxes against the estate of De Vaughn v. De Vaughn, unjustly withheld, in charge of my attorney Woodbury Wheeler, Esq. Also, an account for moneys withheld by the trustees.of Edwards v. Maupin. In charge of my attorney, Frank W. Hackett, Esq., amounting to $1078 with interest at six per cent. per annum from March-7, 1888.
"Also, my business as a claim agent and as publisher of ' The Vedette,' together with all books, papers, files, office furniture, etc., etc. Also, 200 shares of Sutro Tunnel stock and Comstock bonds; also, notes and evidences of indebtedness to me, of more or less value; also, deposits of currency entered on my bank book of the National Metropolitan Bank, amounting to $10,000.00 more or less.
"Item. I give, devise and bequeath to my beloved sister Arabella D. Sinnott, residing in New Orleans, La., twelve thousand dollars in registered U. S. 4% bonds, on special deposit in the National Metropolitan Bank.
"Item. I give, devise and bequeath to the surviving children of my deceased sister, Martha J. Piles, out of the residue of 4% bonds deposited as aforesaid ($3500.00) as follows: To Mrs. Belle Hubert, $500.00. To Win. A. Piles, $500.00. To Ida Piles, $500.00. To Eloise Piles, $500.00. To Edith K. Piles, $750.00. To Henry C. Piles, $250.00.
"Item. The promissory note for $1100.00 filed with a chattel mortgage in my name in the office of the recorder of deeds, in the District of Columbia, signed by Mrs. Anna Hemenway, shall le cancelled and my executrix may allow Mrs. Hemenway $500 in settlement of her account.
"The bond of the city of Richmond, for $5000.00 bearing 5 per cent interest, payable January and July--(on special deposit with the 4% bonds of the U. S: in the National Metropolitan Bank,) is hereby devised and bequeathed to my wife and executrix.

KENADAY c. SINNOTT.
Statement of the Case.
"The sum of $5000.00 advanced to Win. C. McGeorge
San Francisco,
of California, no account of which has been'rendered by him, A
is hereby devoted to the relatives of my wife, and used according to her discretion."
The will was subscribed by the testator, April 3,.1894, in the presence of three witnesses, whose attestation was sworn to.
Mrs. Kenaday duly qualified as executrix, and proceeded in the discharge of her duties. On June 10, 1898, under the order of the orphans' court, the executrix gave notice, appointing.Friday, July 8, 1898, as the day for the settlement of her final account as executrix by that court; and for making distribution of the estate under its orders.
Arabella D. Sinnott, William A. Piles, Ida Piles Miller and Belle Hubert appeared and filed their petition, claiming as distributees as the only surviving next of kin and heirs at law of the decedent. They admitted the receipt from the testatrix of their respective legacies under the will, and that another legatee therein named, Edith K. Piles, since dead, had also received her legacy; and said: "The other two legatees, to wit, Henry C. Piles, and Eloise Piles, have not been paid the amounts left them, the said Eloise having died before the testator, Alexander M. Kenaday, and the said Henry C. not having been heard from during the last six years and who your petitioners believe is dead."
The final account of the executrix was made up and filed July 15, 1898, showing that she charged herself with a $5000 bond of Richmond, Va.; $24,500 United States registered bonds; 200 shares stock Comstock Tunnel Company and one certificate of scrip of that company, apprpised as valueless; cash found on deposit in National Metropolitan Bank, $810.60; and some items of interest, etc.; that the Hemenway note had not been found; that she credited herself with disbursements for costs, funeral expenses, etc.; with commissions; and with legacies paid or otherwise satisfied, but not including therein the $810.60 on deposit; and that there was in her hands $9218.76, !3consisting mainly of United States bonds and deposits in bank,". which the executrix credited herself with "on account
VOL, cLxxx-39

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.

Opinion of the Court.

of the bequest to her by the testator'of ' notes and evidences of indebtedness to me,' 'deposits of currency entered on my bank book,' and other personal estate," and thus balanced and closed the account in full.
The intervening next of kin claimed the balance on the ground that it was residuary estate, and that, there being no residuary clause in the will, it necessarily belonged to them; and filed their exceptions to the account as stated, particularly excepting to the credit of the $9218.16.
A certificate of the Register of the Treasury was filed, to the effect that the records of his office showed that registered four per cent bonds of the United States were standing in the name of Alexander M. Kenaday on the first day of April, 1897, to the amount of $24,500; of which, bonds to the amount of $15,500 bore date April 23, 1889, and bonds to the amount of $9000 bore date April 1, 1895.
The orphans' court, Hagner, J., presiding, on Octbber 11, 1898, overruled the exceptions, and approved the final account of the executrix*as stated. All said next of kin thereupon appealed from this order to the Court of ApIpeals for the District ,of Columbia.
At the January term, 1899, the cause was heard, the order was reversed with costs, and the cause was remanded to the court below with- a direction "that the account be restated in accordance with the principles of the opinion of this court." 14 App. D. 0. 1. The mandate having gone down, the account of the executrix was restated as directed by the Court of Appeals, and approved February 10, 1899.
The balance. for distribution according to that account was stated-to be $8,285.64, and the distributive shares as follows:

"To Arabella D. Sinnott, sister, I ........... $4142 82

" Mrs. Belle Piles Hubert, niece, j of I .... 828 56

" Edith K. Piles,

" " " " .... 828 56

" Ida Piles Miller,

" " " " .... 828 56

William A. Piles, nephew, " " c ....

Henry C. Piles, "

" " C....

Fractions ...........: .....................

828 56 828 56
02

$8285 64"

KENADAY v. SINNOTT.
Statement of the Case.
On the same tenth of February, Mrs. Kenaday was ordered to pay over and deliver to the said Arabella B. Sinnott, through her attorneys of record, the sum of $4142.82, being her distributive share of said estate, taking receipt for the same. Thereupon Mrs, Kenaday appealed in open court to the Court of Appeals from the order of February 10, approving and. passing the account, and from the order directing the distribution to Arabella B. Sinnott of the amount therein mentioned as her share. Au appeal bond in the- sum of $8000 running to Arabella B. Sinnott, to operate as a supersedeas to the order directing the payment to her of $4142.82 was required by order of court, and it was also directed that the penalty of a bond for costs in the matter of the appeal from the order approving the account, filed the same day, be fixed at $50, or in lieu of such bond for costs a deposit of that amount in cash. A supersedeas bond in the penalty of $8000 was approved, filed and recorded, and $5() was deposited in lieu of bond on appeal from the order approving the account. The Court of Appeals filed an opinion, _er curiam, that on examihing the transcripts of record it was found that the court below had in the restatement of the account followed and observed the mandate sent down on the former appeal, and that it was ordered that the motion made by the said Arabella D. Sinnott to dismiss or affirm the order of the court below approving and passing said final account of the estate, under rule sixteen of the court, be denied, but that the said final order of said court approving and passing said account, the same bearing date the tenth day of February, 1899, on the appeal of the said Mary L. Kenaday, executrix, be affirmed, "the said account appearing to be stated in accordance with the mandate of this court issued on the former appeal." Thereupon judgment was entered April 5, 1899, "that the order of the said Supreme Court in this cause, of February 10, 1899, approving and passing account be, and the same is hereby, affirmed with costs." A writ of error to remove the cause to this court was thereupon allowed by that court, and issued, a supersedeas bond being given and approved. Subsequently the executrix, being in doubt whether the proceedings to obtain a review should be by writ of error, or appeal, prayed an appeal, which

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
was granted in the words: "On motion of Mary L. Kenaday, executrix, by her attorney, and it appearing to the court that the practice in cases exactly of the character of the present one has not been established by precedent, it is adjudged and ordered by the court this 17th day of April, 1899, that said executrix be, and she is hereby, allowed an appeal from the order of this court passed herein April 5, 1899, and that the same bond in the sum of ten thousand dollars, to act as a supersedeas upon the issuing a writ of error in this case, shall stand and act as a supersedeas upon said appeal, or according as a writ of error or appeal is ultimately decided to be the method of obtaining a review of the decision of this court in said cause."
The supersedeas bond was in the sum of $10,000, and ran to Arabella D. Sinnott, William A. Piles, Ida Piles Miller and Belle Hubert.
.Ar. William hfemry Dennis for plaintiff in error and appellant.
.Xr.William A. 2liliken.and f. Fi . _P.B. Sands for defend-
ants in error and appellees.
MR.CMEF JusTIc FULLER delivered the opinion of the court.
The Court of Appeals allowed a writ of error to review its decree approving the final account, and, a few days subsequently, and at the same term, in view of the fact that the practice in cases of this precise character had not been established, also allowed an appeal, the supersedeas bond on the writ to stand on the appeal, if appeal were determined to be the correct method of procedure. The cause was docketed in this court as on writ of error, and as on appeal, and appellees or defendants in error move to dismiss the appeal because the writ of error had previously issued, and the writ of error because the remedy was by appeal. We must decline, however, to sustain both motions on these grounds under the circumstances. The determination of the proper course to be taken inseeking our jurisdiction will dispose of one motion or the other.

KEi NADAXr v. SINNOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
By section 8.of the act of February 9, 1893, 27 Stat. 434, c. 74, final judgments or decrees of the Court of Appeals are to be reexamined by this court on writ of error or appeal in the. same manner and under the same regulations as theretofore provided in cases of writs of error or appeals from judgments in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia.
In Orm8by v. WTebb, 134 U. S. 47, it was ruled that a writ of error would lie to review a judgment of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, admitting a will to probate, not merely because in that case a trial by jury had been actually had, but upon the more general grounds, thus stated by Mr. Justice Harlan: "It is, of course, undisputed. that a final decree in equity, in the court below, cannot be reviewed here by means of a writ of *error. But a proceeding involving the original probate of a last will and testament is not strictly a proceeding in equity, although rights arising out of, or dependent upon, such probate have often been determined by suits in equity. In determining the question of the coinpetency of the deceased to make a will, the parties have an absolute right to a trial by jury, and to bills of exceptions covering all the rulings of the court during the progress of such trial. These are not the ordinary features of a suit in equity. A proceeding in this District for the probate of a will, although of a peculiar character, is nevertheless a case in which there may be adversary parties, and in which there may be a final judgment affecting rights of property. It comes within the very terms of the act of Congress defining the cases in. the Supreme Court of this District, the final judgments in which may be reexamined here. If it be not a case in equity, it is to be brought to this court upon writ of error, although the proceeding may not be. technically one at law, as distinguished from equity." And see CampbpZl v. Port , 162 U. S. 478.
But while that.is the established rule in that class of cases, it by no means follows that it is applicable in this case.
At common law jurisdiction over the estates of deceased persons vested in the ecclesiastical, common law and chancery courts, and, in this country, courts of probate or orphans' courts have universally been created by statute for the general exer-

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
Oise of that jurisdiction, including the exercise of equitable, as well as common-law powers, and the pursuit of appropriate procedure.
The District Supreme Court sits as an orphans' court, and by section 1 of subch. 15, of chap. 101 of the Maryland testamentary act of January 20, 1799, 2 Kilty, November Session, 11798, the orphans' court was instituted "for the purpose of taking the probate of wills, granting letters testamentary and of. administration, directing the conduct and settling the accounts of executors and administrators, securing the rights of legatees, superintending the distribution of the estates of intestates, seciring the rights of orphans and legatees, and administering justice in all matters relative to the affairs of deceased persons, according to law."
By other sections it is made the duty of the executor or the administrator, on settlement of his account, to deliver up the estate, or deliver up and distribute the surplus or residue.
And by section 12, of subch. 15, it is provided that: "The orphans' court shall have full power, authority and'jurisdiction to examine, hear and decree upon,-all accounts, claims and demands, existing between wards and their guardians, and between legatees, or persons eititled to any distributable part of an intestate's estate, and exqeutors and administrators, and may enforce obedience to, and execution of, their decrees, in the same ample manner as the court of chancery may."
There can be no question that the District Supreme Court was clothed, as an orphans' court, with ample powers to proceed in the settlement of estates and the distribution thereof to those entitled, in accordance with equitable principles and procedure; and we think that the controversy raised by thVe exceptions of the next of kin to this'final account was in its nature of equitable cognizance, and that the decree of the Court of Appeals is properly reviewable on appeal rather than on writ of error.
The reasoning which conducts to this .conclusion in proceedings of this character. in effect disposes of the contention of appellant that the decree should be reversed because the orphans' court had no jurisdiction over an alleged residue of per-

KENADAY v. SINNOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
sonalty in the hands of an executrix undisposed of by the will; as jurisdiction over it belonged solely to a court of equity, as a matter of trust. Alvey, C. J., in the opinion reported 14 App. D. C. 1, 21, .discussed the subject at length, and, among other things, said: "The executor, as is well understood, derives his title as exebutor from the will of the testator, but he takes no beneficial interest in the undisposed of surplus or residue of the personal estate, by mere implication or construction, as by the former English rule. It is true every executor is, in a certain sense and to'a certain extent, a trustee for all persons interested in the preservation and distribution of the personal estate of the testator, and he isequally so in respect of the surplus or residue of the estate undisposed of by the wi as of any other portion of the estate. He takes the estate under the will for purposes of administration, and of distribution to those entitled; and while a court of equity-has a long established jurisdiction in all matters of trust, of account, of administration, and of construction, in the settlement of estates, yet such jurisdiction is not exclusive of the very ample jurisdiction conferred on the orphans' courts of Maryland, and the special term of the Supreme Court of this District for orphans' court business, by the testamentary act of 1798, ch. 101. That act embodies in its various provisi6nsa testamentary and administrative system, intended to be complete in itself." The Chief Justice then gave a resum4 of the act, and quoted the sections to which we have already referred.
There being a controversy over the distribution between the next of kin and the executrix, we are entirely satisfied that the powers vested in the orphans' court gave it jurisdiction to dispose thereof, and that appellees were not compelled to go into the equity court.
Appellees also moved to dismiss both the writ of error and the appeal, on the ground that the judgment of the Court of Appeals on the first appeal was a complete and final decree, settling and fixing the rights of the parties, 'and that appellant, because she did not appeal therefrom, was concluded from any review by this court of the matters then considered.
We do not think so. On the appeal of the next of kin, the

OCTOBER TERn, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
Court of Appeals reversed and remanded the cause "that the account be restated in accordance with the principles of the opinion of this court."
The account was to be entirely recast under the mandate, and the determination of who were the next of kin, the proportions they shoild take, the effect of the death of one or more of them, and any other questions that might arise, were remitted to the court below. The settlement was to be a final settlement, and the decree reversing and remanding that such a settlement might be had on the principles indicated was not final so as to justify an appeal by the executrix therefrom, although, had it been a decree.of affirmance, the present appellees might have appealed.
We come then to the case upon the merits, and it must be determined on the correct construction of the wil, arrived at in accordance with well settled applicable rules.
The cardinal rule is that the intention of the testator expressed in his will, or clearly deducible therefrom, must prevail, if consistent with the rules of law. And anotherfamiliar rule is that the law prefers a construction which will prevent a partial intestacy to one that will permit it, if such a construetion may be reasonably given. And in principle this niust be so when it is contenaed that the executor takes merely for next of kin claiming as 'distributees of an alleged undisposed of residue.
The general intention of the testator in this instance is perfectly clear. The will was inartificially drawn, but its various provisions taken together put it beyond doubt that he intended to dispose.of all of his property, and we think that he accomplished that purpose. In doing so all property not expressly given another destination was, in substance, devised and bequeathed to his wife, including some $10,000 on deposit. His intention that she should thus take is evident. And if by the will he disposed of all the property he had, there appeared no necessity for a technical residuary clause.
The property'enumerated in the will was the property he owned, at the time of his death, except that there was but $810.60 on deposit in bank, and he bad $9000 in United States bonds more than when the will was executed. These bonds

KENADAY r. SINNOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
were of a subsequent date to that of the execution of the will, and were necessarily, therefore, purchased afterwards.
The will, executed April 3, 1894, referred to $15,500 of bonds, and, at his death, he had bonds for $24,500, $15,500 dated April 23, 1889, and $9000 dated April 1, 1895.
The question then' really comes to this, whether an irrebuttable presumption arises that the testator, by reducing the amount of money on hand at the date of his will, intended that the amount of such reduction though remaining in his assets in another form should be distributed to his next of kin rather than that his wife should receive it.
And it is to be observed at the outset that to each of the next of kin he made a bequest. To his sister, Mrs. Sinnott, a specific legacy of $12,000 of the $15,500 of bonds, and to the children of a deceased sister legacies aggregating $3000 out of the $3500 of bonds remaining after the delivery of the $12,000 to Mrs. Sinnott. Certain enumerated promissory notes were otherwise disposed of, and all the rest of his property, real estate, household furniture, Richmond-city bond, money, etc., was devised and bequeathed to his beloved wife. There was indeed an apparent surplus of $500 of the $3500 of bonds, but the allowance to Mrs. Hemenway of $500 immediately followed the bequests to the next of kin.
At his death there were on hand $9000 more in bonds, and $9000 less in money. Do the rules of law require it to be held that by this change he intended to withdraw so much from what he had designed his wife to have, and to bestow it on the next of kin in addition to what he had originally expressly given them?
The question involved is one of ademption.and not of satisfaction. Without going into refinements in respect of the definition of the word ademption, it may be said to be the extinction or withdrawal of a legacy in consequence of some act-of the testator equivalent to its revocation or clearly indicative of an intention to revoke. The satisfaction of a general legacy depends on the intention of the testator as inferred from his acts, but the ademption of a specific legacy is effected by the extinction of the thing or fund bequeathed, and the intention that the leg-

OCTOBER TERMA, 1900.
Opinion of the Cort.
acy should fail is presumed. At least a different intention in that regard which is not expressed will not be implied, although the intention which is expressed relates to something which has ceased to exist.
Williams says in reference to the different kinds of legacies that: "A legacy is general when it is so given as not to amount to a bequest of a particular thing or money of the testator, distinguished from all others of the same kind. A legacy is specific when it is a bequest of a specified part of 'the testator's personal estate, which is so distinguished. . . . A legacy of'quantity is ordinarily a general legacy; but there are legacies of quantity in the nature of specific legacies, as of so much money, with reference to a particular fund for payment. This kind of legacy is called by the civilians a demonstrativelegacy; and it is so far general, and differs so much in effect from one properly specific, that if the fund be clled in or fail, the legatee will not be deprived of his legacy, but be permitted to receive it out of the general assets; yet the legacy id so far specific, that it will not be liable to abate with general legacies upon a deficiency of assets." Vol. 2, p. 1158. And he adds: "The 'courts in general are averse from construing legacies to be specific; and the intentidn of. the testator, with reference to the thing bequeathed, must be clear."
These rules are considered and applied in well nigh innumerable cases. Many of them will be found cited in the notes to Ashburner v. 7!acguire,2 White and Tudor's Leading Cases in Equity, Part II, Fourth American Edition from Fourth London Edition, p.. 600.
In Valton v. Walton, 7 Johns. Ch. 258, Chancellor Kent re- views the subject at large with his usual ability, and criticises
the -observation of Lord Thurlow in: Stanley v. Potter,2 Cox, 180, that the question in these cases does not turn upon the intention of the testator, saying: "But I apprehend the words of' Lord Thurlow are to be taken with considerable qualification; and that it is essentially a question of intention, when we are inquiring into the character of the legacy, upon the distinction taken in the civil law, between a demonstrative legacy, where

KENADAY v. SINNOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
the testator gives a general legacy, but points out the fund to satisfy it, and where he bequeaths a specific debt."
In Wilcox v. Wilcox, 13 Allen, 256, Wells, J., said: "Courts do not incline to construe legacies to be specific, and will not do so unless such be the clear intention of the testator. Rirby v. Poter,4 Ves. 748; Attorney General v. Parkin,Ambl. 566; Briggs v. Ho.ford, 22 Pick. 288; Boardman v. Boardman,4 Allen, 179. If a legacy be given, with reference to a particular fund only, as pointing out a convenient mode of payment, it isto be construed as demonstrative and the legatee will not be disappointed though the fund wholly fail."
In Tift v. Porter,8 N. Y. 516, Johnson, J., speaking for the majority of the court, said: "A legacy is general, when it is so given as not to amount to a bequest of a particular thing or money of the testator distinguished from all others of the same kind. It is specific, when it is a bequest of a specified-part of the testator's personal estate which is so distinguished. The inclination of the courts to hold legacies to be general, rather than specific, and on which the rule is based that to make a legacy specific, its terms must clearly require such a construction, rests upon solid grounds. The presumption is stronger that a testator intends some benefit to a legatee, than that he intends a benefit only upon the collateral condition that he shall remain till death, ownet of the property bequeathed. The motives which ordinarily determine men in selecting legatees, are their feelings of regard, and the presumption of course is that their feelings continue and they are looked upon as likely to continue. An intention of benefit being once expressed, to make its taking effect turn upon the contingency of the condition of the testator's property being unchanged, instead of upon the continuance of the same feelings which in the first instance prompted the selection of the legatee, requires, as it ought, clear language to convey that intention."
And so Alvey, C. J., in Gelback v. Shively, 67 Md. 498: "Ordinarily, a legacy of a sum of money is a general legacy; but where a particular sum is given, with reference to a particular fund for payment, such legacy is denominated in the law a demon8trativelegacy; and such legacy is so far general, and

OCTOBER TERNI, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
differs so materially in effect from one properly specific, that if the fund be called in or fail, or prove to be insufficient, the legatee will not be depived of his legacy, but he will be permitted to receive it out of the general assets of the estate. Duganv. Hollins, 11 Md. 77. But such legacy is so far specific that-it will not be liable to abate with general legacies, upon a deficiency of Assets, except to the extent that it is to be -treated as a general legacy, after the application of the fund designated for its payment. Mullin v. Bmit', 1 Drew. & Sni. .204; 2 Wins. Exrs. 995. The authorities seem to be clear in holding that whether a legacy is to be treated as a demonstrative legacy, or is one dependent exclusively upon a particular fund. for payment, is a 'question of construction, to be determined according to what may appear to have been the general intention of the testator. . . It is certainly true, as a general proposition, as was said by the Vice Chancellor in Dicin v. Edwa dsl 4 Hare, 276, that where a testator bequeaths a sum of money in such a manner as to show a separate and independent intention that the money shall be paid to the legatee at al events, that intention will not be held to be controlled merely by a. direction in the will that the money is to be raised in a particular way, or out'of a particular fund."
These references, aLnd rulings of similar import are legion, serve to illustrate the governigg principles. The intention of the testator must prevail,, and legacies will not be held specific, when the result would be that the mere transmutation of money into securities raised an irrebuttable presumption of ademption inconsistent with the intention of the testator as plainly deducible from all the terms of tis will taken together.
As we have already stated, the general intention of the testator in this. case was to leave all his property to his wife except. what was expressly otherwise disposed of, and among the clauses inserted in effectuation of that result were these: "Also, my business as a claim agent and as publisher of 'The Vedette,' together with all books, papers,, files, office furniture, etc., etc. Also 200 shares of SiAtro tunnel stock and Comstock bonds; also, notes and evidences of indebtedness to me, of more or less value; also, deposits of currency entered on my bank book of

KENADAY v. SINNOTT.
Opinion of the Court.
the National Metropolitan Bank amounting to $10,000.00, more or less." If the latter item stood alone and were not read in connection with the will as a whole, it might well be that it should be held to be a specific legacy, adeemed pro lanto.by the use of the money except $810.60 in the purchase of additional bonds, or otherwise. But taken in connection with all the provisions of the will; with the manifest general intention of thepestator; and with the rules against partial intestacy, and against treating legacies as specific, if that construction can b6 avoided, we think that it should be regarded as in its nature a demonstrative legacy, and not adeemed by the change from money. into property.
Assuming. that the testator had at the date of the will about $10,000 on deposit in the bank, his intention was clear that his wife should receive the amount, and we are of opinion that we ought not to defeat that intention by holding that the pecuniary legacy was specific, and that the subsequent change was an ademption, and so a rule of law rather than a question of intention.
In Towle v. Swaeey, 106 Mass. 100, a legacy of "whatever sum may be on deposit" in a certain savings bank was held to be specific, but there the provisions of the will evidenced no, intention to the contrary, and the language used essentially differed from that in this case.
It results that Mrs. Kenaday was entitled to credit herself with the $9218.76, and that the original decree of the orphans' court was correct. But in view of the lapse of time and the course of the litigation, we shall simply reverse the decree of the Court of Appeals and remand the cause to that court with a direction to remand it to the court below for a restatement of the final account in accordance with the views we have expressed.
So ordered.
M3. JusTicE BREwER and M. JUSTICE PEnom&m dissented.

SIMON v. CRAFT.
Statement of the Case.
We agree with the Court of Claims that this would be a most unreasonable construction and would restrict the power of removal in a manner which there is nothing in the case to indicate could have been contemplated by Congress.
If causes of removal had been prescribed by law before the removal of appellant that would have presented a different question, but as there were then none such, the proviso did not operate to take him out of the rule expounded in EX Parte Hennen, and the mere fact that in that particular this part of the proviso was inoperative as to him did not change the result..
Judgment afwimed.
SIMON v. CRAFT.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF AIA.BAMA.
No. 191. Argued March 12,1901.-Decided May 27,1901.
The essential elements of due process of law are notice and opportunity to defend, and in determining whether such rights are denied, the court is
* governed by the substance of things and not by mere form. A person charged with being of unsound mind is not denied due process
of law by being refused an opportunity to defend, when, in fact, actual notice was served upon him of the proceedings, and when, if he had chosen to do so, he was at liberty to make such defences as he deemed advisable, The due process clause in the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution does not necessitate that the proceedings in a state court should be by a particular mode, but only that there shall be a regular course of proceedings, in which notice is given of the claim asserted, and an opportunity afforded to defend against it. This court accepts as conclusive the ruling of the Supreme Court of Alabama that the jury which passed upon the lunacy proceeding'considered in this case was a lawful jury, that the petition was in compliance with the statute, and that the asserted omissions in the recitals in the vefdict and order thereon were at best but mere irregularities which did not render void the order of the state court, appointing a guardian.
THs is a writ of error to review a judgment of the Supreme

OCTOBER TERM, 1900
Statement of the Case. -
Court of 'Alabama affirming a judgment in favor of John T. Craft, the defendant in error herein. The judgment thus affirmed was entered by a lower state tribunal upon a verdict rendered on the second trial of an action in ejectment, wherein Jetta Simon, plaintiff in error herein, was plaintiff.
In brief, the facts are as follows: In 1889, JettE Simon, a widow, resided in Mobile, Alabama, with several minor children, She lived at that time in a house of which she wag the owner, being the real estate affected by the action of ejectment heretofore referred to. On January 30, 1889, Ralph G. Richard filed in the probate court of 'Mobile County, Alabama, a petition for an inquisition of lunacy as to Mrs. Simon. In this petition it was represented that Richard was a friend of Mrs. Simon and of her family; that she was of the age of forty-nine years, a resident of Mobile, of unsound mind and incapable of governing herself or of conducting and managing her affairs. Upon this petition an order was entered for a hearing on February 6, 1889, and that a jury "be drawn, as the law directs, for the trial of this issue." The order also provided that a writ issue to the sheriff, "requiring him to take the said Jetta Simon, so that he have her in this court to be presented at said trial, if consistent with the health and safety of said Simon." The writ issued. Therein was stated the substance of the allegations of the petition, and that the order had been entered appointing February 6, 1889, "for hearing said petition and for the due trial, thereof." The command of the writ was that-
"If it be consistent with the health and safety of said Jetta Simon, you are hereby required to take her body, so'that you may have her in said court, to be present at said trial, and before the jury then to be empanelled to make said inquisition.
"And have you then and there this writ with your return thereon as to how you have executed the same."
The writ was duly returned with the following endorsement: "Received January 31st, 1889, and on the same day I exe: cuted the within writ of arrest by taking into my custody the within-named Jetta Simon and handing her a copy of said writ, and as it is inconsistent with the health or safety of the within-named Jetta Simon to 'have her present at the place

SIMON u. CRAFT.

Statement-of the Case.

of trial, and on the advice of Dr. H. P. Hirshfield, a physician,

whose certificate is hereto attached, she is not brought before

the honorable court.

CcW. H. HonoME,-Sheiff.

"Mobile, February 5th, 1889. By Wx. H. SHEFFIELD, D. S."

The certificate referred to reads as follows:

"MoBiLE, ALA., Jan. 30tA, 1.889. "To the Sheriff of Mobile County, Ala.:
", H.P. Hirshfield, a regular physician, practicing in Mobile
County, Ala., hereby certify that I am acquainted with Mrs. Jetta Simon, and have examined her condition on yesterday and find that she is a person of unsound mind, and it would not be consistent with her health or safety to have her present in court in any matter now pending.
"H. P. HIRSHFIELD, M. W1"

One Vaughan was appointed by the probate court the guardian ad.Zitem of Mrs. Simon "in the matter of the petition to inquire into her lunacy." The appointment was accepted, and the guardian filed in said proceeding an answer averring "that he wholly denies all the matters and things stated and contained in said petition, and requires strict proof to be made thereof according to law." Thereupon a hearing was had before a jury, who returned a verdict that Mrs. Simon was "of unsound mind." The probate court then entered the following order or
decree:

"JETrA SIMoN, Lunatic.

TEOF ALIAB/AA
.A1STAE Cournty. jA

Probate Court of said County, - "February 6th, 1889.

"This being the day appointed, by reference to an entry

thereof made upon the minutes of the court on the 30th of January, 1889, for the hearing of the petition of Ralph G. Richard, filed, alleging the lunacy of the said Jetta Simon and praying an inquisition thereof, and it being shown that it would not be consistent with the health and safety of said lunatic to bring

her into court at this time, and it appearing that due process

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Statement of the Case.
had been served upon said lunatic notifying her of this proceeding, now comes the said Richard and a jury of good and lawful men, who reside in the county of Mobile, and who, having been summoned, to wit, John Pollock, Jr., and eleven others, who, having heard the evidence, the arguments of counsel, and the charge of the court in the premises, and being first duly tried, empanelled and sworn well and truly to make inquisition of the facts alleged in said petition and a true verdict to render according to the evidence, upon their oath say, 'We, the jury, find Mrs. Jetta Simon to be of unsound mind.'
"It is ordered, adjudged and decreed by the court that said petitioil and all other proceedings thereon, together with the aforesaid verdict of said jury declaring the said Jetta Simon a lunatic, be recorded."
Subsequently, on February 11, 1889, Richard was duly appointed guardian of the estate of Mrs. Simon, and regular proceedings were had by which, under authority of the court, a sale of the real estate in question was ordered to be made for the payment of the debts of Mrs. Simon and for the support and maintenance of her family. Such sale was had in May, 1889, when Henry J. Simon became the purchaser, who sold the property to John N. Craft, defendant in error herein. In September, 1895, more than six years after the sale to Simon, the action in ejectment heretofore referred to was instituted against one Brown, a tenant of Craft. Craft, as landlord, was subsequently substituted in the stead of Brown. Upon a second trial of the issues joined, the defendant Craft, among other evidence, introduced the record of the proceedings in the probate court upon the inquisition of lunacy, to which reference has already been made, and the record of the subsequent proceedings .resulting in the'sale to Henry J. Simon. Objection to the introduction of such records was made upon specified grounds, all of which are stated in the margin.' The objec-
:1st. In that there was no process issued notifying Jetty Simon to be present at the trial of the inquest of lunacy that was held.
2d. In that no provision was made in or by said proceedings whereby said Jetty Simon might be present at the inquest of lunacy that was held.
3d. In that the writ of arrest issued for the body of Jetty Simon was

SiMON v. CRAFT.

Opinion of the Court.

tions were overruled and the record allowed to be read in evidence, to which action of the court exception was duly taken. The approval by the Supreme Court of Alabama of this ruling is what is here complained of.
The opinion of the Supreme Court of Alabama reversing the judgment entered on a-verdict in favor of Mrs. Simon rendered at the first trial of the action of ejectment is contained in 118 Alabama, 625. The judgment entered in favor of Craft upon the second trial was affirmed upon the authority of the previous opinion.

.fr. Harry T. Smith for plaintiff in error. Smith was on his brief.

Mr. Gregory L.

M '.H. PilanB for defendant in error. Mr.D. P. Beetor was on his brief.

M .JusTo WmTE,after making the foregoing statement, delivered the opinion of the court.

By subdivision 6 of section 187 of the Civil Code of Alabama of 1886 courts of probate in that State are vested with original jurisdiction over the appointment and removal of gdardians for minors and persons of unsound mind. Pertinent provisions of

conditional in form and conferred upon the sheriff the power to determine whether it should be executed or not..
4th. In that the writ of arrest left it.to the judgment of the sheriff whether the said Jetty Simon should be allowed to appear at the trial of the inquest of lunacy.
5th. In that the writ of arrest authorized the sheriff to restrain Jetty Simon of her liberty and deprive her of the opportunity to be heard at the inquest of lunacy.
6th. In that the sheriff's return .shows that under the writ of arrest he restrained Jetty Simon of her liberty and did not permit her to be present at the trial of the inquest of lunacy.
7th. Because the statute under which Jetty Simon was restrained of her liberty and deprived of her property is in conflict with article V of the amendments to the Constitution of the United States, which provides, "Nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law," and in conflict with article XIV of the amendments to said Constitution:

432

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.

Opinion of the Court.

the statutes of Alabama relating to the mode of appointment of guardians of persons of unsound mind, contained in said Civil Code, are excerpted in the margin.'
In the proceedings to inquire into the sanity of Mrs. Simon the writ which issued to the sheriff was evidently based upon the following clause of section 2393 of the Civil Code of 1886:

la. In that it authorizes a citizen to be deprived of his or her liberty without due process of law.
2a. In that it authorizes a citizen to be deprived of his or her prbperty without due process of law.
8th. Because said proceedings in the probate court are irrelevantand immaterial tooany issue in the cause.
' Sundry sections of Part 2, Title 5, Chapter 4, of the Civil Code of Alabama of 1886, pp. 535, et 8eq.:
"2390 (2753, 2754). Appointment.-The court of probate has authority, and it is a duty to appoint guardians for persons of unsound mind residing in the county, having an estate, real or personal, and of persons of unsound mind residing without the State, having within the county property requiring the care of a guardian, under the limitations, and in the mode hereinafter prescribed.
"12391. Guardian not appointed until after inquisition.-A guardianfora person alleged to be of unsound mind, residing in'the county, must not be appointed until an inquisition has been had and taken as hereinafter directed.
"2392 (2757). Inquisition; proceedings.-Upon the petition of any of the relatives or friends of any person alleged to be of unsound mind, setting forth the facts and name, sex, age and residence of such person, accompanied by an affidavit that the petitioner believes the facts therein stated to be true, the court of probate of the county in which such person alleged to be of unsound mind resides, must appoint a day, not more than ten days from the presentment of such petition,.for the hearing thereof.
"2393 (2758). Jury summoned; writ of arrest.-The judge of probate
must issue a writ directed to the sheriff, commanding him to summon twelve disinterested persons of the neighborhood for the trial thereof, and also issue subpcenas for witnesses, as the parties may require, returnable to the time of trial; he must also issue a writ directed to the sheriff
to take the person alleged to be of unsound mind, and, if consistent with his health or safety, have him present at the place of trial.
"2394 (2759). Oaths of jurors; vacancies filled.-At the time set for the
trial, if good cause be not shown for continuance, the jury must be impanelled and sworn well and truly to make inquisition of the facts alleged in the petition, and a true verdict render according to the evidence. If any of the jurors are excused from serving, fail to attend, or are set aside for any cause, their places may be supplied from the bystanders.

SIMON v. CRAFT.
Opiinion of the Court.
"2393. The judge of probate . . . must also'issue a writ directed to the sheriff to take the person alleged to be of unsound mind, and, if consistent with his health or safety, have him present at the place of trial."
The invalidity of the proceedings in the inquisition of lunacy which formed the-basis of the subsequent proceedings for the sale of the property of Mrs. Simon is in substance predicated on the contention that the writ directed to the sheriff authorized that official to determine whether it, was consistent with the health and safety of Mrs. Simon to be present at the trial of the question of her sanity; that the sheriff decided this question against her, and she. was detained in custody and not allowed to be present at the hearing 'on the inquisition. The latter claim, however, is founded upon the return, endorsed by the sheriff on the writ directed to him. At the *trial below there
"2395 (2760). On verdict of insanity, papers filed, and guardian appointed.-If the jury find by their verdict that the facts alleged in the petition are true, and that such person is of unsound mind, the court must cause the petition and all the proceedings thereon to be recorded, and appoint a suitable guardian of such person.
"2396 (2761). Proceedings when person of unsound mind isconfined in asylum.-If the person alleged to have been of unsound mind is a resident of the county, and Is at the time of the application confined in an hospital or asylum within or without the State, the inquisition may be had or taken without notice to him, but on the filing of the application the court must appoint a guardian ad litem to represent and defend for him; it is the duty of such guardian by'answer to put in issue the facts stated in the application, and to employ counsel at the expense of such person of unsound mind to appear and defend.
"2397 (2804). Application for revocation of guardianship.-At any time after the inquisition the person ascertained to be of unsound mind, by himself'or by next friend, may apply in writing to the court of probate for a revocation of the proceedings against him, and of the letters of guardianship; the application to be accompanied by the certificate in writing of two physicians or of two other competent persons, stating that after examination of such person they believe him to be of sound mind.
"2398 (2804). Proceedings on application.-On the filing of such application the court must appoint a day for the hearing thereof, not more than ten days thereafter, and the guardian and the person at whose-instance the inhuisition was had and taken must be cited to appear and show cause against it.
VOL. CLXXXII-2S

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of thu Court.
was no offer to prove, by any form of evidence, that Mrs. Simon was in fact of sound mind when the proceedings in lunacy were instituted, or that she desired to attend, and was prevented from attending, the hearing, or was refused opportunity to consult -withand employ counsel to represent her. The entire case is thus solely based on the inferences which are deduced, as stated, from the face of the return of the sheriff. And upon the assumptions thus made it is contended that the statute as well as the proceedings thereunder were violative of the clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which forbids depriving any one of life, liberty or property without due process of law.
It is not seriously questioned that the Alabama statute provided that notice should be given to one proceeded against as being of unsound mind of the contemplated trial of the question of his or her sanity. Indeed, it would seem that it was not urged before the Supreme Court of Alabama that the statutes
"2399 (2805, 2806). Contest of application.-If the guardian or person at whose instance the inquisition was had and taken appear and deny the allegations of the application, the court must appoint a day for the trial of such contest, not more than ten days thereafter, and must cause a jury to be summoned for the trial thereof, and the like proceedings must be -hadas upon the original inquisition; or if there be no contest of the allegations of the application, and the court is satisfied of the truth thereof, a decree must be entered revoking the proceedings on the inquisition and the guardianship, and declaring that the ward must be restored to the custody and management of his estate.
"2400 (2807). Judgment on contest; costs thereof.-If on the trial of the contest, the jury find the facts stated in the application to be true, the court must enter a decree revoking the proceedings on the inquisition and the guardianship, and declaring that the ward must be restored to the custody and management of his estate, and must adjudge the costs as is just and equitable, but if the verdict of the jury negatives the facts stated in the application, a judgment of dismissal at the cost of the applicant or of the next friend must be entered.
"2401 (2803). Revocation on application of guardian.-If, at any time after his appointment, the guardian becomes satisfied that the ward has been restorad to sanity, and is capable of managing his estate, and the judge of lirobate is of opinion, from the. proof and the facts stated, that such representation is correct, he must make an order that the guardian be discharged, and that the estate of the ward be restored to him.

SIMON v. CRAFT.
Opinion of the Court
of that State failed to provide for notice, and that court assumed in its opinion that no question of that character was presented. As a matter of fact, a copy of the writ which issued and which embodied a notice of the date of the hearing of the proceedings in lunacy is shown by the record to have been actually served on Mrs. Simon. As early as 1870 the Supreme Court of Alabama in Fore v. Fore, 44 Alabama, 478, 483, held that the service of the writ upon a supposed lunatic was the notice required by the statute and brought the defendant into court, and that if he failed to avail of such matters of defence as he might bave, he must suffer the effect of his failure to do so.
We excerpt in the margin the portion of the opinion of the Supreme Court of Alabama which dealt with the objection that Mrs. Simon was deprived of opportunity to be heard.1
The contention now urged is that notice imports an opportunity to defend, and that the return of the sheriff conclusively established that Mrs. Simon was taken into custody and was hence prevented by the sheriff from attending the inquest or defending through counsel if she wished to do so in consequence of the notice which she received. It seems, however, manifest -as it is fairly to be inferred the state court interpreted the
1 "The second ground of objection is that the appellee had no opportunity
to be heard at the inquisition. This objection is based upon the character and wording of the writ directed to the sheriff. The provision of the statute is that the judge must ' issue a writ, directed to the sheriff, to take the person alleged to be of unsound mind, and, if consistent -withhis health or safety, have him present at the place of trial.' The writ that issued, after setting out the facts averred in the petition, proceeded: INow, therefore, if it be consistent with the health and safety of said Jetta Simon, you are hereby required to take her body so that you may have her in said court,' etc. The statute is that the sheriff be directed to take her body, and, if consistent with health, etc. By the statute it is made the duty of the sheriff to take the body without condition, and, if consistent with health and safety, to have her present at the trial. The writ issued, directed to the sheriff, ' if consistent with health and safety, to take her body,' etc. The return of the sheriff shows that the writ was executed in accordance with the statute. It is: ' I executed the within writ of arrest by taking into my custody the within.named Jetta Simon and handing a copy of said writ, and as it is inconsistent with the health or safety . . . to have her at the place of trial . . . she is not brought before the court.' Technically the writ of the judge was not accurately correct. Its meaning, however, is

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
statute-that the purpose in the command of the writ, "to take the person alleged to be of unsound mind, and, if consistent with his health or safety, have him present at the place of trial," was to enforce the attendance of the alleged non comnpos, rather than to authorize a restraint upon the attendance of such person at the hearing. In other words, that the detention authorized was simply such as would be necessary to enable the sheriff to perform the absolute duty imposed upon him by law of bringing the person before the court, if in the judgment of that officer such person was in a fit condition to attend, and hence it cannot be presumed, in the absence of all proof or allegation to that effect, that the sheriff in the discharge of this duty, after serving the writ upon the alleged lunatic, exerted his power of detention for the purpose of preventing her attendance at the hearing, or of restraining her from availing herself of any and every opportunity to defend which she might desire to resort to, or which she was capable of exerting. The essential elements of due process of law are notice and opportunity to defend. In determining whether such rights.were denied we are governed by the substance of things and not by mere form. Louisville & Yashville Railroad Co. v. Schmidt, 171( U. S. 230. We cannot, then, even on the assumption that frs. Simon was of sound mind and fit to attend the hearing, hold that she was denied due process of law by being refused an opportunity to defend, when, in fact, actual notice was served upon her of the proceedings, and when, as we construe the statute, if she had chosen to do so, she was at liberty to make such defence as she deemed advisable. The view We take of the statute was evidently the one adopted by the judge of the probate court, where the proceedings in lunacy were heard, since that court, upon the return of the sheriff, and the failure of the alleged lunatic to appear, either in person or by counsel, in order to protect her interests, entered an order appointing a guardian ad litem, "in the matter of the petition to inquire into her lunacy;" and
evident. The sheriff's return was complete and regular in every respect. We do not doubt she was brought into the court in the manner prescribed by statute, and that she was subject to its jurisdiction. The second objection cannot be sustained." 118 Alabama, 636.

SIMON v. CRAFT.
Opinion of the Court.
an answer was filed by such guardian denying all the matters and things stated and contained in the petition, and requiring strict proof to be made thereof according to law.
It is also urged as establishing the nullity of the appointment of a guardian of the estate of Mrs. Simon that the proceedings failed to constitute due process of law, because: 1, they were spe-cial and statutory, and the petition failed to state sufficient jurisdictional facts: 2, a jury was not empanelled as provided by law: and 3, there was no finding in the verdict of the jury or the order entered thereon ascertaining and determining all the facts claimed to be essential to confer jurisdiction to appointa guardian. But the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment does not necessitate that the proceedings in a state court should be by a particular mode, but only that there shall be a regular course of proceedings in which notice is given of the claim asserted and an opportunity afforded to defend against it. Louisville & NYashville Railroad Co. v. Schmidt, 177 U. S..230, 236, and cases cited. If the essential requisites of full notice and an opportunity to defend were present, this court will accept the interpretation given by the state court as to the regularity under the state statute of the practice pursued in the particular case. Tested by these principles, we accept as conclusive the ruling of the Supreme Court of Alabama that the jury which passed on the issues in the lunacy proceeding was a lawful jury, that the petition was in compliance with the statute, and that the asserted omissions in the recitals in the verdict and order thereon were at best but mere irregularities which did not ren4der void the order of the state court, appointing a guardian of Mrs. Simon's estate.
Judgment ajfirmed.

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Syllabus.
THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
ERROR TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 21. Argued December 7, 10, 1900.-Decided March 25, 1901.
At the trial of this case before the jury, the main issue was upon the validity of the will of Adjutant General Holt. Tecumseh Sherman, a son of General Sherman, was called to prove that the signature of his mother as a witness was genuine. He was not inquired of as to the genuineness of the signature of his father, because his uncle, Senator Sherman, had testified that that signature was genuine. Subsequently Mr. Randolph testified that he was familiar with the signature of General Sherman, giving his sources of knowledge, and that he was of opinion, (giving his reasons for it,) that it was not his signature. Tecumseh Sherman was recalled to prove that the objection found to the signature of his father was not an unusual feature in his signature, but the court, on objection, excluded the evidence. Held, that the evidence was competent as rebuttal, and should have been received.
It is the general rule that if evidence which may have been taken in the course of a trial be withdrawn from the consideration of the jury by the direction of the presiding judge, such direction cures any error which may have been committed by its introduction; but there may be instances, (and the present case is one,) where such a strong impression has been made upon the minds of the jury by illegal and improper testimony, that its subsequent withdrawal will not remove the effect caused by its admission, and in that case the general objection may avail on appeal or writ of error. There may also be a defect in the language of the attempted withdrawal. In such a case, and under the particular facts in this case, the names of the witnesses should have been given, and the specific evidence which was given by them, and which was to be withdrawn should have been pointed out.
The opinion of a witness as to the genuineness of the handwriting found in a paper, based in part upon his knowledge of the character and style of the composition and the legal and literary attainments of the individual whose handwriting it purports to be, are not competent to go to the jury upon the question raised in this case.
Declarations, either oral or written, made by a testator, either before or after the date of an alleged will, unless made near enough to the time of its execution to become part of the res gestw , are not admissible as evidence in favor of or against the validity of the will.
If not admissible generally, they are inadmissible even as merely corroborative of evidence denying the genuine character of the handwriting.
No presumption of revocation of the will by the testator, or under his di-

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Statement of the Case.
rection, arises from the appearance of this will when first received by the register of wills. There must be some evidence of an act by the deceased, or under his direction, sufficient to show the fact, or the instrument must have been found among the papers of the deceased, mutilated, torn or defaced, under such circumstances that the revocation might, be presumed. As the production of the will in this case created no presumption of revocation, it was necessary to prove that the act of mutilation was performed by him or by his direction, with an intention to revoke, and his declarations, not being part of the res gestte, cannot be used for that purpose.
THis was a proceeding in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia for the purpose of proving an alleged will of the late Joseph Holt, a distinguished lawyer and for many years Judge Advocate General of the United States Army, who died at the age of eighty-seven, in Washington on August 1, 1894, after a residence of many years in that city. The proceeding resulted in the rejection of the paper on the ground that it was not the will of Judge Holt but was a forged document, and judgment refusing probate was entered upon the verdict of the jury. The proponents of the will appealed to the Court of Appeals of the District, but before the appeal was brought on for argument Miss Hynes, one of the legatees named in the will, withdrew her appeal. The judgment of the Supreme Court upon the appeal of the other proponents was subsequently affirmed by the Court of Appeals, and the proponents of the paper, excepting Miss Hynes, have brought the case here by writ of error.
The record shows that Judge Holt died leaving no relatives nearer than nieces and nephews, residents of the States of Indiana, Mississippi and Kentucky, and of the city of Washington, D. C., all being respondents in this appeal. ie had been twice married and both wives had died long prior to his own demise. He had no children by either wife. Immediately upon his death his nephews, Washington D. Holt and William G. Sterrett, came to his late residence in Washington, and the keys being delivered to them by one of the servants, a strict search was made for a will but none was found. While the nephews were in possession of the house and the search was going on for the

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Statement of the Case.
will, papers were burned and destroyed, all of which the nephews testified were wholly unimportant, and consisted of letters from relatives of Judge Holt to him, and that no papers destroyed were of a testamentary character. No will having been found, the nephews above named, and another, named John W. Holt, filed a petition in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, holding a special term for orphans' court business, in which the fact of intestacy was stated and the appointment of an administrator was asked. Pursuant to the petition and on September 28, 1894, the National Safe Deposit, Savings and Trust Company of the District was appointed administrator of the estate, and has continued so to act since that time.
Up to August 26, 1895, nothing out of the ordinary occurred in the administration of the estate, but on the last mentioned date a sealed envelope, addressed to the register of wills in Washington was received by that officer, which envelope was postmarked "Washington, D. C., August 24, 6 r. m. 1895, L." The envelope was opened by the register who found therein a paper purporting to be a will signed by "J. Iolt," dated February 7, 1873, and on the paper appeared what purported to be the signatures of Ellen B. E. Sherman, U. S. Grant and W. T. Sherman as witnesses. By this paper Judge Holt gave one half of his estate to Lizzie Hynes, her real name being Elizabeth Hynes, and the other half to Josephine Holt Throekmorton.
Lizzie Iynes had been left an orphan in infancy and had been committed to the care of her uncle, Dr. Harrison, and his daughter, the first Mrs. Holt, and she had taken special charge of the child up to the time of her own marriage to Judge Holt, who had promised his wife at the time of their marriage to care for the child, and Mrs. Holt upon her deathbed asked and received a promise from Judge Holt that he would always take care of Lizzie, and treat her as if she were his own daughter. From that time until his death, Judge Holt fully and in all tlings kept his promise and always supported her, she living most of the time in Kentucky, though frequently visiting and traveling with him.
The other beneficiary, Miss Throckmorton, was Judge Iolt's goddaughter, her mother being the cousin of his second wife, and

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.

Statement of the Case.

while her father was a young man Judge Holt treated him with

great kindness, and always so treated Miss Throckmorton.

The following is the text in full of the alleged will, with punc-

tuation as in the original:

"In the name of God Amen "J, Holt, of the City of Washington D. C. being of sound

mind declare this to be my last will & Testament "I do hereby give devise & bequeathe all of my property-

both personal & real to Lizzie IHynes-cousin of my first wife & to

Josephine, Holt, Throckmorton-who is my God-child & to their

heirs & assigns forever-I do hereby direct that at my death

all of my property be divided equally between them."Lizzie Hynes is to inherit hers at my death Josephine at

the age of 21, her father Maj. Charles B. Throckmorton will hold

her share in trust-

"I appoint Mr Luke Devlin of the city of Washington D. C.

whose character I believe to be of the highest standard & who

will I am certain carry out my wishes my executor

" Signed & sealed by me in the presence of these witnesses in

the City of Washington, D. C.

"Feby 7th 1873-J

J. boLT

"ELLEN B. E. SHERMAN "U. S. GRANT "W. T. SHFRMAN"

There was nothing in the envelope addressed to the register of wills other than this paper. The postmarks on the package indicated that it had been deposited in one of the many local mail boxes to be found in the northwest quarter of the city of
Washington, which is quite a large district, running from North Capitol street on the east to Georgetown on the west, and bounded on the south by the Mall and north by the boundaries of the city. When the paper was taken from the envelope it bore evident signs of mutilation by burning and tearing, and
although the paper recited that it was signed and sealed, there was no seal on it, and if it ever bad been affixed it had been torn away. At the time the paper bears date, February 7, 1873, Ellen B. E. Sherman was the wife of W. T. Sherman, who

OCTOBER TER-1M, 1900.
Statement of the Case.
was then the general commanding the army of the United States, and U. S. Grant was then President. The paper was torn nearly in two across the page between the signatures of the testator and that of the first witness. Some of the evidence tended to show that the tearing was complete, but, as stated by the court below, the weight of the evidence was that it was not entirely separated at one end. The burning appeared on the edges of the paper and at the top, but the body of the instrument was so far intact as to be plainly legible.
Upon the receipt of this paper by the register of wills he communicated with Mr. Luke Devlin, the person named therein as executor, and after the latter had seen it he communicated with the parties interested, and on September 20, 1895, filed his petition in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, held for orphans' court business, for the probate of the paper as the last will and testament of Joseph Holt, deceased.
The contestants, as next of kin, filed their caveat October 18, 1895, opposing the probate of the paper, to which answer was made and filed December 2, 1895, by Luke Devlin, the executor, and by the Misses Hynes and- Throckmorton, the two legatees named in the paper.
Issues were duly made up in the orphans' court and transferred to the Circuit Court for trial by jury. They are as follows:
"1. Was the paper writing bearing date the seventh day of February, A. D. 1873, which was filed in this court on the 26th day of August, A. D. 1895, executed by the said Joseph Holt as his last will and testament?
"2. Was the execution of said paper writing procured by fraud exercised and practised upon said Joseph Holt by any person or persons?
"3. Was the execution of said paper writing procured by the undue influence of any person or persons?
"14. If the said paper writing was executed by the said Joseph Holt as his last will and testament, has the same been revoked by said testator? "
Upon the trial of these issues the proponents of the paper proved the death of the subscribing witnesses, and gave evi-

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Statement of the Case,
dence in regard to the genuineness of their signatures as well as of Judge Holt's. Senator John Sherman testified to the genuineness of the signature of his brother, General Sherman; Colonel Frederick D. Grant to that of his father, President Grant, and P. Tecumseh Sherman to that of his mother, Mrs. Ellen B. E. Sherman. Mr. Henry B. Burnett testified that in his opinion the body of the will and the signature of the testator were written by Judge Holt; that he became acquainted with him in 1863; had frequently seen him write and had had considerable correspondence with him which continued up to 1889, and that he was familiar with his handwriting. After this evidence was given counsel for proponents offered the paper in evidence, which was objected to by counsel for the contestants on the ground that the paper was evidently separated into two parts ; that it purported to be under seal, and the seal, if it ever bore one, had been torn away; that it appeared to have been burned and mutilated, and had been sent to the register of wills anonymously, and that it was incumbent upon proponents to explain these circumstances before the will could be read to the jury. The objection was overruled and the paper read in evidence.
Elizabeth Hynes, one of the legatees and proponents, was called and testified that the paper writing was never i~n her possession, and she never saw it until it was shown her on the witness stand at the trial.
Miss Throckmorton also testified that she had never had the paper in her custody and had never seen it until it was shown her by the register of wills in the latter part of October, 1895, and that the first she knew of its existence was through a telegram from Mr. Devlin, which she received in New York city, August 26, 1895; that she had known Luke Devlin when she was a child but had not seen him since until after the paper was filed.
Mr. Devlin, the person named as executor in the paper writing, also testified that it was never in his possession, and that he first saw it in the office of the register of wills on the day it had been received there. On cross-examination Devlin testified that he knew Joseph Holt well since 1862, having been a copyist

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Statement of the Case.
and messenger at that time in the office of the Judge Advocate General when Judge Holt succeeded to that office; that he continued to be employed in that office until 1876, when Judge Holt retired therefrom; that he had little communication with him in relation to office matters; that he visited Judge Holt once or twice at his house; that he was in the habit of meetingr him socially at the residence of Mrs. Throckmorton, Sr., the grandmother of Miss Josephine H. Throckmorton, from 1865 to 1878; that he had not seen Mrs. Throckmorton, Sr., more than four or five times during a period of ten years preceding the receipt of the will at the register's office, and on learning of the existence of the will he had to consult the city directory to ascertain where she then lived; that on the day the will reached the register of wills he received a telephone message from the register, went to his office, and saw the will for the first time. He called on Mrs. Throckmorton, Sr., and on the same day telegraphed Miss Josephine IT. Throckmorton of the finding of the will, having first learned her address from her father upon inquiry at the War Department; that he called on several occasions in later years at Judge Iolt's house, and was informed by the colored servant that he was out or that he was engaged, and asked witness to call again, the last of these visits being about April 9, 1894, shortly before his death; that he had met Judge bolt outside on several occasions, the last of which was about two years before his death, and conversed with him.
At this point the proponents announced their primafacie case closed, but opposing counsel objected that it was incumbent upon the proponents to put in all their testimony essential to the establishment of the alleged will before contestants were called upon to offer any; whereupon the court ruled that because of the fact that there was no attesting clause to the will, it was proper and necessary for the proponents to offer all the evidence they proposed to offer upon the subject of the genuineness of the signature of Joseph Holt to the will, and counsel for the proponents accepted the ruling as being a matter within the discretion of the court.
Testimony was then given by Elizabeth Iynes, who stated that she had corresponded with Judge Holt for forty years,

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Statement of the Case.
and that in her opinion both the body of the will and the signature were in his handwriting. Mr. Devlin testified that he had had daily opportunity for thirteen years of becoming familiar with Judge Ifolt's handwriting, and that the signature to the instrument was undoubtedly in testator's handwriting.
Miss Throckmorton testified that she bad corresponded with him, and was familiar with his handwriting and knew his signa. ture, and that both the will and the signature were in the handwriting of Joseph Rolt.
Other witnesses were called, who testified that they were acquainted with the handwriting of Judge Iolt, and that in their opinion the body of the paper and the signature were in his handwriting; after which the proponents rested.
Counsel for the contestants then offered in evidence the deposition of John Judson Barclay, in which the deponent testified that he knew the testator intimately from 1857 to 1866, and at intervals thereafter until the time of his death, and that he had last seen him in November, 1893, when he was in impaired health and in a darkened room, at which last stated time he had a conversation with Judge Holt in regard to the disposition by him of his property and estate. Evidence in regard to this conversation was duly and fully objected to, and the objection overruled and an exception taken by the proponents. The witness then stated the conversation as follows:
"In our conversation he referred most touchingly to my deceased sister, Mrs. Sarah Barclay Johnson, and made many kind inquiries in regard to my aged mother, who had also been his warm personal friend for many years. In this connection he remarked, 'I have made my will and have made provision for her to receive some pictures,' etc., which my sister had painted for him, as well as an ambrotype or photograph of herself, which he highly prized and wished my mother to possess."
Another witness, Mrs. Briggs, testified under proper objection and exception that she had had a conversation with Judge Holt relating to wills some time between 1888 and 1891, in which he told the witness that if she were going to make a disposition of any piece of her property to do it before she

OCTOBER TERMT, 1900.
Statement of the Case.
passed away; then she would be sure that it would be done and be permanent; but, he continued, "in my own case my nephew, my brother's son, will attend to my affairs, and I know it will be done all right." Before the conversation ended Judge Holt had stated that it was his nephew, Washington iolt, and that he would attend to his affairs, and he knew it would be all right.
The objection to this testimony was on the ground that, if it tended to prove anything, it could only mean that there was a will existing in which Washington Holt was named as executor, and that if offered for the purpose of proving the contents of such will its execution could not be proved by mere declarations of the testator, and also that the legal presumption was that as the will was not produced or found it had been revoked. If not revoked it must be produced, and that parol declarations of this character are inadmissible as a basis for proving revocation. Counsel for the contestants admitted that their claim was that there was a will existing in which Washington Holt was executor, but at the same time counsel stated that they wished it understood that the evidence was also offered both on the question of forgery and on the question of revocation of the alleged will of 1873. The objections were overruled and the testimony admitted and exceptions duly taken.
Subject to the same objections and exceptions, counsel for the contestants further gave evidence to the jury tending to prove that between the years 1884 and 1893 Judge Iolt, on several occasions, told Washington ID. Holt that he had made him (Washington Holt) his executor, and on several occasions Judge Holt informed Mary Iolt and her mother Vanda Holt that they would be much better off after his death; that they would then go to Europe, and Mary must become proficient in French so that while in Europe she could act as their interpreter. Evidence was also given that during the same period Judge Iolt told the servants of his house on two occasions that Washington D. Holt would have charge of his affairs after his death.
It was also proved that Judge Htolt was born in or about the year 1807, in the State of Kentucky, and that until 1856 he lived there, excepting a few years when he practiced law in

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Statement of the Case.
Mississippi; that he died in the city of Washington in August, 1894, leaving an estate of about $180,000, about $40,000 of which consisted of real estate in the city of Washington; his mother died in 1871, previous to the date of the alleged will, February 7, 1873.
During the war it would appear that there was some bitterness of feeling engendered in Judge Holt's mind by the part taken by his relatives, most of whom favored the South, and some of whom entered its military service. Evidence was also given on the part of contestants tending to prove that Judge Holt, prior to February 7, 1873, had on several occasions received visits at his house in Washington from some of his nieces and nephews, and had kindly received them and spoken kindly of them to others after they had gone.
Letters of his were received in evidence, without objection, dated prior to February 7, 1873, directed to different relatives in Kentucky, and tending to show pleasant relations between them, while letters of a similar nature from him to those relatives, dated subsequently to February 7, 1873, and up to within a few years prior to his death in 1894, were admitted, but under an objection and exception as to their competency. Evidence was also given, subject to similar objections and exceptions, of declarations of an unfriendly character on the part of Judge Holt towards the father of Miss Throckmorton, and also towards her grandmother, the evidence tending to show that he had said some time after the date of February, 1873, that the Throckmortons were his enemies, and that at a reception given by President Arthur, Judge Holt had refused to shake hands with Major Throckmorton, the father of Miss Josephine; also declarations of his to his servants that he would not see the Throckmortons, these declarations having been made many years subsequently to February, 1873.
All of this class of evidence was offered by the contestants in support of their allegation that the paper was a forgery as well as upon the issue of revocation.
There was also evidence given on the part of the proponents tending to show that Miss Throckmorton was a great favorite of Judge Holt's, and that his feelings of affection for her had
VOL. OLXXX-36

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
never changed, notwithstanding he may have felt differently towards her father and grandmother. She was his goddaughter, and she testified (after the evidence above referred to on the part of contestants) that she frequently visited and stayed at Judge Holt's house, and in 1892 he told her that he was an old man, on the brink of his grave, but that he had provided for her, and that she would be perfectly independent, and that was the last time she ever saw him; that he never spoke to her at any time otherwise than kindly and with affection.
Letters indicative of interest and affection for the mother of Miss Throckmorton were put in evidence by proponents, after evidence of that character had been given by contestants, in relation to the relatives of Judge IJolt.
Other evidence was given upon the trial not necessary now to be referred to.
To the question whether the paper filed in court on August 26, 1895, was executed by Joseph Holt as his last will and testament, the jury answered " No."
To the fourth question, whether, if the paper had been executed by Joseph Holt as his last will and testement, the same had been revoked by him, the jury answered "No; because it was not executed."
No evidence having been given in relation to matters referred to in the second and third questions, the jury by direction of the court returned a negative answer.
Mr. William G. Joh4nson and Mlr. Calderon Carlisle for plaintiffs in error. Mr. J. J. Darlington and _Mr. George C. Fraserwere on their brief.
.Mr.A. S. Worthington and Mr. . X. Wilson for defendants in error.
MIR. Jusuicjn PECKIAM, after making the above statement of facts, delivered the opinion of the court.
Before proceeding to a discussion of the more important questions involved in this case we will refer to two decisions of the

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Opinion of the Court.
trial court upon questions of evidence, in which we think there was error.
The witness, P. Teeumseh Sherman, had been called by the proponents of the will for the purpose of proving the signature of his mother, Mrs. Ellen B. E. Sherman, and had stated that in his opinion the signature on the paper was genuine. He did not testify as to the genuineness of the signature of his father, as Senator John Sherman, the brother of the General, had testified that in his opinion the signature was genuine. Subsequently, when the case was with them, the contestants called as a witness John B. Randolph, who, after testifying that he had been employed for more than thirty years in the office of the Secretary of War, and that he was so employed while General Sherman had acted as Secretary and also when he had been General of the Army, testified that he was familiar with the signature of General Sherman, and had recently rexamined the signature on the paper in question, and that in his opinion the signature was not that of General Sherman. Upon crossexamination he was asked his reason for that opinion, and among others stated that in the genuine signature of General Sherman in the long quirl on the capital T the upper and lower lines meet; that he never saw one in which they did not meet, and he had seen thousands of them. In response to a further question on cross-examination he said that the upper and lower lines met at least in four out of five signatures. He also stated that another reason for his belief that the signature was not that of the General's was that the S in Sherman differed from the genuine S in the little stroke at the lower part of that letter where the upward stroke crosses the staff; that it should not make so much of a loop or so pronounced a loop as in the paper.
The proponents in rebuttal called as a witness P. Tecumseh Sherman, who had already been sworn in relation to the handwriting of his mother, and by him they offered to prove that this failure of the lines to meet in the letter T was by no means an unusual feature in the signature of his father, General Sherman, and that it was frequently, if not habitually, found therein, and also that the loops at the bottom of the S,as large as that

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
in the signature to the paper, were also usually found. The court excluded this evidence on the objection of contestants that it was not competent as rebuttal.
We think this evidence was competent in that character, and should have been received. The case in regard to the genuineness of the paper was very closely contested, and was one of the vital points in the trial. Evidence had been given on both sides and witnesses of the highest character and respectability had differed in regard to the genuineness of the signatures. Although the court, when the case was first with the proponents, had notified counsel that they must offer all the evidence they proposed to offer upon the subject before they first rested their case, and in accordance with such decision they had proceeded to give further evidence, we are not able to see how that fact is material at this point. Counsel for the proponents could not anticipate what evidence would be given by their opponents, nor what reasons might be offered by a witness as the ground for an opinion against the genuineness of any signature on the paper. When Mr. Randolph therefore was examined, and stated his opinion that the signature on the paper was not that of General Sherman, he was naturally asked on cross-examination if there were any particular reason why he had come to that conclusion, and in giving that reason he stated the failure of the lines to meet in the letter T, and the peculiarity of the loop in the letter S. The proponents could surely not be expected to anticipate that the letter T or the letter S would be the particular subject of criticism by any witness on the other side, nor what the character of the criticism might be. There was nothing to call their attention to the question, and in the nature of things it is plain the alleged peculiarities suggested by Mr. Randolph could not have been anticipated before they were spoken of by the witness. Under these circumstances it seems to us it was proper evidence in rebuttal, and that it was most important and material to show by a perfectly competent and absolutely disinterested witness, the son of General Sherman himself, that the peculiarities testified to by Mr. Randolph were in fact no peculiarities, and were frequently if not habitually present in the genuine signature. The fact that after the

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Opinion of the Court.
witness Randolph had testified that he never saw one signature of General Sherman's in which the lines in the capital T did not meet, he subsequently stated that they met certainly as often as four out of five times, did not render the proposed evidence of Mr. Sherman immaterial when it was offered to be shown by him that these lines not only frequently but habitually met. It is possible to imagine that the signatures of General Sherman which Mr. Randolph had examined in the War Department would bear out his statement that the meeting of these lines occurred at least as often as in four out of five of the signatures, while in those examined by the son of the General, and with which he was familiar, a failure to meet might be frequent, if not habitual, and thus there might be no contradiction between the two witnesses; but such a case would be highly improbable to say the least, and we think that if Mr. Sherman had been permitted to testify upon the subject, and had in fact testified in accordance with the offer, such testimony would have been most material as affecting the reasons given by Mr. Randolph for his belief that the signature was not that of General Sherman. This might be true without impeaching in any degree the integrity of Mr. Randolph or his intention to testify what he believed to be the truth. As neither witness saw the signature made, it was a matter of opinion with each, and while either might have been mistaken, such mistake would not necessarily affect the character of the witness. It was not a case where the discretion of the judge was appealed to. It was a case of strict right, and we are of opinion that the court below erred in refusing to admit the evidence. In such a case as this, where there was no evidence by an eyewitness as to the signatures of the parties, it became of the greatest importance that no admissible evidence should be excluded when offered upon the question of their genuineness. For this error we think a new trial will have to be granted.
Again, in the course of the trial the contestants called a Mrs. Briggs as a witness, and proved by her that she was a journalist by profession and had made literature her business in life, and that she had received instruction from Judge iolt in the line of composition in the English language; that she had gone to him

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
and asked his advice about a series of articles written by her, because she bad been informed that he was a master of the English language; that he was her master and teacher in such matters. She was also somewhat familiar with his handwriting, and stated that in her opinion the signature "J. Holt" to the paper in question was not the signature of Judge TIolt. She was then asked: "Have you formed that opinion in any respect upon any matter except the mere handwriting ?" This was objected to and admitted under an exception. The witness answered that she had, that it was from the composition: "More the composition, as well as the writing."
Other witnesses were called who were permitted to prove that they formed their opinions in regard to the paper from its composition and style, and their knowledge of Judge Holt's legal and literary attainments, as well as from their familiarity with his handwriting. One witness was asked this question: " Let me call your attention to the use of the word ' inherit' in that paper, in the middle paragraph. From your knowledge of General Holt's characteristics and his way of expressing himself, what do you think as to that being his expression? " This question was duly objected to and the grounds fully stated, but the court overruled the objection and permitted the witness to answer, which he did by saying that he did not think the testator would use that expression.
The counsel for the contestants say that these rulings were right, but that if there were any error, it was cured by the subsequent charge of the court to the jury, given upon the request of counsel for the contestants, in which the jury were instructed "to disregard any opinion as to whether Joseph Holt wrote the paper in controversy that may have been expressed by any of the witnesses for the caveators in this case so far as such opinion was based upon anything but the handwriting of the paper. In so far as any such opinion may have been based in whole or in part upon the composition of the paper or the expressions contained in it, or the legal or literary attainments of said Joseph Holt, they are withdrawn from the consideration of the jury. But all other evidence which has been admitted in this case bearing upon the legal attainments and literary style of said

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Opinion of the Court.
Joseph Holt remains as competent evidence for the consideration of the jury, along with the other evidence in the case bearing upon the question of the genuineness of said paper."
The general rule is that if evidence which may have been taken in the course of a trial, be withdrawn from the consideration of the jury by the direction of the presiding judge, that such direction cures any error which may have been committed by its introduction. Pennsylvania Coal Company v. Roy, 102 U. S. 452 ; H1opt v. Utah, 120 U. S. 430, 438. But yet there may be instances where such a strong impression has been made upon the minds of the jury by illegal and improper testimony, that its subsequent withdrawal will not remove the effect caused by its admission, and in that case the general objection may avail on appeal or writ of error. This was stated by Mr. Justice Field in Hfopt v. Utah, supra. And see Waldron v. Waldron, 156 U. S. 361, 383.
There may also be a defect in the language of the attempted withdrawal, whether it was sufficiently definite to clearly identify the portion to be withdrawn. This evidence was regarded upon the trial as of considerable importance. The question of its admissibility was raised in the early stages of the trial, and the evidence was excluded. It was again raised while the case was with the contestants and the evidence admitted at their instance, and several witnesses sworn in regard to it. After that an effort was made on the part of the proponents to give testimony in their favor on this question, and it was refused as not rebutting in its character. It is not a case therefore of the introduction of merely irrelevant evidence, such as was s.tated in PennsylvaniaCoal Company v. Roy, aq2ra; nor like the case of Ifopt v. Utah, supra, where the testimony of a single witness, a physician, as to the direction from which the blow was delivered, had been admitted, and where it was held that if it had been erroneously admitted, its subsequent withdrawal from the case with the accompanying instructions cured the error. That was a plain question of evidence on a single point, and on the part of one witness only.
Here was a case where several witnesses gave opinions in regard to the handwriting in the disputed paper, based upon

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
their knowledge of the handwriting of Judge Holt, and also based upon their familiarity with his legal attainments and with his characteristics of style and composition, while others based their opinions upon handwriting only. Which were the witnesses that based their opinions partly upon both foundations, the jury could not be expected to accurately recall after a long trial lasting several weeks. Nevertheless it was called upon to separate and cast aside that portion of the evidence which had been based upon such facts, and after excluding that evidence, determine as to the value of the remaining opinions based upon knowledge of handwriting only. It is at least questionable whether the case does not come within the exception to the rule by reason of the possible impression produced upon the jury during the long trial, in which the evidence of several witnesses upon this point was given after much opposition and long argument as to its admissibility.
The witnesses who testified upon both knowledge of handwriting and familiarity with the style and legal attainments of Judge Holt may have made the deeper impression upon the jury, and they may have failed to realize that it was those particular witnesses whose evidence on the subject was to be withdrawn. And while the opinions of these witnesses as to the handwriting of the deceased were withdrawn, yet their evidence as to the legal attainments and composition and style of Judge Holt was to remain as competent evidence in the case. All this was called for by the directions, and without naming a single witness or recalling to the jury the fact that it was his particular opinion regarding the handwriting which was withdrawn. This was a somewhat difficult task for any mind, and there was no certainty under such general directions that it was properly understood, or that with the best intentions it was fully performed. In such a case as this and under the particular facts herein we think the names of the witnesses should have been given and the specific evidence which was given by them and which was to be withdrawn should have been pointed out. . The court, be it remembered, was not responsible for the character of the directions. It simply gave them as asked for by

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Opinion of the Court.
the contestants and in the language prepared by their counsel, and whatever they lacked in the way of precision and certainty is not the fault of the court.
It would appear that the counsel felt the doubt as to the admissibility of the evidence, and after striving so hard to get it in, when they desired it to be withdrawn they were under an obligation to have it done plainly and certainly. Upon the particular facts of this case, while not impairing the force of the general rule, we are of opinion that the withdrawal was far too uncertain to be of any avail.
We are thus brought to a consideration of the merits of the question decided by the court below. Is the opinion of a witness as to the genuineness of the handwriting found in the paper, based in part upon the knowledge of the witness, of the character and style of composition and the legal and literary attainments of the individual whose handwriting it purports to be, competent to go to the jury upon that question? If he is able to give an opinion without such evidence, and from his familiarity alone with the handwriting, can the attempt be permitted to corroborate or strengthen such an opinion by this kind of evidence? We think not. An expert in regard to handwriting is one who has become familiar with the handwriting of the individual in regard to whom the question is raised. Handwriting is a physical matter and does not in itself represent any characteristics of the writer as to composition or general style, or as to his literary or legal attainments. It is to be seen and the characters recognized by the eye. But the process of his mind and the language or style in which in the opinion of a witness the person habitually clothes his thoughts, are not matter of expert evidence, proper to be presented to a jury, for the purpose of determining whether the paper presented is or is not in the handwriting of the particular individual, in regard to whom the inquiry is made. The fact may of course be proved that the person was a man of intelligence, education, high legal attainments, refinement, and not addicted to coarseness in speech or writing, and the inference may be sought to be drawn from the facts that the paper in question is or is not his composition and is or is not his handwriting; but where it is material the

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
inference is for the jury, and taking the opinion of the witness in that regard is to take his opinion upon the very subject to be decided by the jury, and is not at all a proper case for opinion evidence.
We think the court, therefore, erred in permitting witnesses to give an opinion as to the genuineness of handwriting founded partly upon knowledge and familiarity with the legal attainments, the style and composition of the individual whose handwriting was in controversy, and as corroborative of their opinion from knowledge of handwriting alone.
The two points above indicated in which we think the trial court fell into error require the reversal of this judgment, and the granting of a new trial, but there are other questions in the case which are fully presented by the record, and which have been most ably and exhaustively argued by counsel on both sides. These questions will necessarily arise at the very threshold of the case when it comes on for trial again, and we think it is our duty to express our views in relation to them. They relate to certain evidence upon the issues of forgery and revocation.
And first, as to forgery. The paper in question was propounded as the will of Joseph Iolt.
The facts set forth in the statement prefixed to this opinion show the case to be one of an extraordinary nature. There being no proof in regard to the history or whereabouts of the paper before it was received by the register of wills, and the evidence pro and con as to its genuineness having been received upon the trial, the question arises as to the admissibility of the various declarations of the deceased, and also of his letters to different relatives living in Kentucky and other States, which it is claimed tend to show the improbability of the deceased making such a disposition of his property as is made in the paper in controversy. (They are referred to in the statement of facts above given.) The question is, in other words, can the contestants prove by unsworn oral declarations and by letters of the deceased facts from which an inference is sought to be drawn that the disposition of the property as made in the paper is improbable, and that the paper was therefore a forgery?

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Opinion of the Court.
The decisions of the state courts as to the admissibility of this kind of evidence are not in accord. Many of them are cited in the margin.' Those included in class A favor the exclusion of such evidence, while those in class B favor its admission. The principle of exclusion was favored by Chancellor Kent, and also by Justices Washington, Story, Livingston and Thompson, all of whom once occupied seats upon the bench of this court.
The cases cited in the two classes do not all, or even a majority of them, deal with the question of forgery, but many of them treat the subject of declarations of a deceased person upon a principle which would admit or exclude them in a case where forgery was the issue. It is not possible to comment upon each of the cases cited in these lists, without unduly extending this opinion. We can only refer to the two classes generally, and state what we think are the questions decided by them.
'Class A. Boylan ads. Meeker, 28 N. J. Law, 274; Rusling v. Rusling, 36 N. J. Eq. 603; Gordon's Case, 50 N. J. Eq. 397, 424; Hayes v. West, 37 Ind. 21; Kennedy v. Upshaw, 64 Texas, 411; Mooney v. Olsen, 22 Kan. 69; Thompson v. Updegralf, 3 W. Va. 629; Couch v. Eastham, 27 W. Va. 796; Dinges v. Branson, 14 W. Va. 100; Gibson v. Gibson, 24 Mo. 227; Cawthorn v. Haynes, Id. 236; Walton v. Kendrick, 122 Mo. 504; Comstock v. Hadlyme, 8 Conn. 254, 263; Shailer v. Bumstead, 99 Mass. 112; Lane v. Moore, 151 Mass. 87; Robinson v. Hutchinson, 27 Vt. 38, where the evidence was received, but the inquiry was as to mental capacity, the testatrix being greatly broken and enfeebled in mind and capacity and of advanced age; Jackson v. Kniffen, 2 Johns. 31; Jackson v. Betts, 6 Cow. 377; Waterman v. Whitney, 11 N. Y. (1 Kernan) 157, citing many cases; Johnson v. Hicks, 1 Lansing (N. Y.), 150; Marxr v. McGlynn, 88 N. Y. 357; Leslie v. McMurtry, 60 Ark. 301; Stevens v. Vancleve, 4 Wash. C. C. 262; Provis v. Reed, 5 Bing. 435; 1 Redfield on Wills (4th ed.), pp. 556, 557; Gillett on Ev. see. 281; Schouler on Wills (3d ed.), sec. 317a.
Class B. Turner v. Hand, 3 Wall. Jr. 88, 92, 107; Warren v. Brown, 51 Tex. 65; Swope v. Donnelly, 190 Pa. St. 417; Taylor Will Case, decided by Surrogate of New York County, 10 Abb. Pr. N. S. 300, 306. This case was reversed sub nom. Hlowland v. Taylor, in the Court of Appeals on a question of fact, but no opinion is reported: 53 N. Y. 627; Davis v. Elliott, 55 N. J. Eq. 473; claimed by respondents to be adverse to Boylan ads. Meeker, which is not referred to neither is the question itself discussed, although evidence of this nature seems to have been received, without objection; loppe v. Byers, 60 Md. 381; Burge v. Hamilton, 72 Ga. 568, 624; Sngden v. Lord St. Leonards, L. R. 1 P. D. 154; Collaganv. Harrison,57 Me. 449, by an equally divided court; 1 Phillim. Rep. 447-460.

OCTOBER TERMi, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
In the cases contained in class A, it is held that declarations, either oral or written, made by a testator, either before or after the date of the alleged will, unless made near enough to the time of its execution to become a part of the res gestce, are not admissible as evidence in favor of or against the validity of the will. The exception to the rule as admitted by these eases is that where the issue involves the testamentary capacity of the testator and also when questions of undue influence over a weakened mind are the subject of inquiry, declarations of the testator made before or after, and yet so near to the time of the execution of the will as to permit of the inference that the same state of mind existed when the will was made, are admissible for the purpose of supporting or disproving the mental capacity of the testator to make a will at the time of the execution of the instrument propounded as such. These declarations are to be admitted, not in any manner as proof of the truth of the statements declared, but only for the purpose of showing thereby what in fact was the mental condition, or, in other words, the mental capacity, of the testator at the time when the instrument in question was executed.
The cases contained in class B favor generally the admission of declarations of the deceased, made under similar conditions in which declarations are excluded by the eases in class A.
If declarations of the character now under consideration are admissible when made prior to the execution of the alleged will, although not after it, then a large part of the evidence in this case as to the oral and written declarations of the deceased was properly admitted upon the issue of forgery, because such declarations may have all been made before the forgery was executed, the date of the paper not furnishing any evidence of the time when it was in fact prepared. The forger could not be permitted, by giving a date to the instrument, to fix the time subsequent to which the declarations should be excluded.
But we see no good ground for the distinction. The reasons for excluding them after the date of the will are just as potent when they were made prior thereto. When made prior to the will, it is said they indicate an intention as to a testamentary disposition of property thereafter to be made, and that such

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Opinion of the Court.
declarations may be corroborative of the other testimony as to what is contained in the will, as is said by Mellish, L. J., in Sugden v. Lord St. Leonards, L. R. 1 P. D. 154, 251, (a case of a lost will,) or else they indicate the feeling of the deceased towards his relatives, from which an inference is sought that a testamentary provision not in accordance with such declarations would be forged. The declarations are, however, unsworn in either case, and if they are inadmissible on that ground when made subsequent to the execution of the will, they would be also inadmissible when made prior to its execution. In Stevens v. Vancleve, 4 Washington C. C. 262, 265, 8supra, Mr. Justice Washington said that declarations of the deceased, prior or subsequent to the execution of the will, were nothing more than hearsay, and there was nothing more dangerous than their admission, either to control the construction of the instrument or to support or destroy its validity. Judge Pennington concurred in those views.
After much reflection upon the subject, we are inclined to the opinion that not only is the weight of authority with the cases which exclude the evidence both before and after the execution, but the principles upon which our law of evidence is founded necessitate that exclusion. The declarations are purely hearsay, being merely unsworn declarations, and when no part of the res geslce are not within any of the recognized exceptions admitting evidence of that kind. Although in some of the cases the remark is made that declarations are admissible which tend to show the state of the affections of the deceased as a mental condition, yet they are generally stated in cases where the mental capacity of the deceased is the subject of the inquiry, and in those cases his declarations on that subject are just as likely to aid in answering the question as to mental capacity as those upon any other subject. But if the matter in issue be not the mental capacity of the deceased, then such unsworn declarations, as indicative of the state of his affections, are no more admissible than would be his unsworn declarations as to any other fact.
When they are not a part of the res gestce, declarations of this nature are excluded because they are unsworn, being hearsay only, and where they are claimed to be admissible on the ground

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
that they are said to indicate the condition of mind of the deceased with regard to his affections, they are still unsworn declarations, and they cannot be admitted if other unsworn declarations are excluded. In other words, there is no ground for an exception in favor of the admissibility of declarations of a deceased person as to the state of his affections, when the mental or testamentary capacity of the deceased is not in issue. When such an issue is made, it is one which relates to a state of mind which was involuntary and over which the deceased had not the control of the sane individual, and his declarations are admitted, not as any evidence of their truth, but only because he made them, and that is an original fact from which, among others, light is sought to be reflected upon the main issue of testamentary capacity. The truth or falsity of such declarations is not important upon such an issue, (unless that for the purpose of showing delusion it may be necessary to give evidence of their falsity,) but the mere fact that they were uttered may be most material evidence upon that issue. The declarations of the sane man are under his control, and they may or may not reflect his true feelings, while the utterances of the man whose mind is impaired from disease or old age are not the result of reflection and judgment, but spontaneous outpourings arising from mental weakness or derangement. The difference between the two, both as to the manner and subject of the declarations, might be obvious. It is quite apparent therefore that declarations of the deceased are properly received upon the question of his state of mind, whether mentally strong and capable or weak and incapable, and that from all the testimony, including his declarations, his mental capacity can probably be determined with considerable accuracy. Whether the utterances are true or false cannot be determined from their mere statement, and they are without value as proof of their truth, whether made by the sane or insane, because they are in either case unsworn declarations.
Thus it is said in S/ia ler v. Bumstead, 99 Mass. 112, which is one of the cases cited in the margin in class A: "Intention, purpose, mental peculiarity and condition are mainly ascertainable through the medium afforded by the power of language.

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Opinion of the Court.
Statements and declarations, when the state of the mind is the fact to be shown, are therefore received as mental acts or conduct. The truth orfalsity of the statement is of no consequence." The testatrix in the above case died in 1865, at the age of ninety-one, having executed a will in 1851, another in 1853, and a codicil thereto in 1857, and among other issues raised was one of testamentary capacity. The declarations that were held admissible were only for the purpose of showing " what manner of person she was," who uttered them. They were used to throw light upon an alleged state of mind which was involuntary and the result of disease and old age. If used for any other purpose they were not admissible, said the court, because they were mere hearsay and could never be explained or contradicted by the person who uttered them.
And so in Gibson v. Gibson, 24 Missouri, 227, the court said such declarations were admitted when it was proposed to show the condition of the testator's mind or to show the state of his affections, but never as a mere narrative of facts. The latter remark is explained in the next case in the same volume, (p. 236,) the opinion in which was delivered by the same judge, by which it is seen that such evidence was admissible only on the issue of insanity. See pages 238 and 239, where the point is plainly made that there must be a foundation of that kind in order to let in the proof of declarations as to his affections, which could only be admitted on such an issue.
And it was also said in Waterman v. Whitney, 11 N. Y. supra,that to receive declarations when no such issue was involved would be attended "with all the dangers which could grow out of a change of purpose, or of external motives operating upon an intelligent mind. No such dangers would attend the evidence upon inquiries in relation to the sanity or capacity of the testator." To the same effect is Boylan ads. Jeeker, 28 N. J. L. cited in class A. It is therefore clear that as their truth in such an issue is not of importance, and their materiality lies only in the fact that they were made, the principle of rejecting unsworn declarations has no application. But when it is sought to prove them as coming from one about whose perfect mental capacity there is no dispute, although

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
they relate to the alleged state of his affections when made, the only possible importance of such declarations rests in the claim that they are true, and an inference is sought to be drawn which is founded wholly upon the assumption of their truth. Now if their only value rest upon that assumption, then the fact that they are unsworn declarations brings them at once within the bar of the general rule of evidence that unsworn declarations are not admissible. As indicative of mental capacity they are original evidence, sworn to by the witness, but as evidence of the truth of the statement declared they are simply unsworn declarations, and should be excluded accordingly.
The cases mentioned in class B proceed upon a totally different theory, viz., that the declarations may be true and are made by a person who knows all about the subject, and they are therefore proper to be submitted to the jury for what that body may regard their worth, although it is admitted that it is a very dangerous kind of evidence. We are familiar with the case of Sugden v. Lord St. Ieonards,sutpra, L. R. 1 P. D. 154. Cockburn, Chief Justice, in that case favored the admission of declarations of the testator as secondary evidence of the contents of the lost will, on the ground that such declarations were usually honestly made, and that the evidence might be put on the same footing with declarations of a family in matters of pedigree, evidence not always to be relied on, yet sufficiently so to make it worth admitting, leaving its effect to he judged of by those who have to decide the case. pp. 224, 225. It seems to us that the admission of the evidence substantially enlarged the exception to the rule as to hearsay. Jessel, M. R., (at p. 240), undertook to give the exceptions to the general rule as to hearsay, (which exceptions do not include this case,) but he thought upon the principles upon which some of the exceptions were founded, the declarations had been properly admitted, the case being one of a lost will, known to have existed but which at the death of the testator was not forthcoming. N[ellish, L. J., thought the declarations of testator made after the will were inadmissible, while James, L. J., and Baggallay, J. A., concurred with the Chief Justice.
The remarks of the Master of the Rolls were adverted to in

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Opinion of the Court,
the subsequent case of Woodward v. Goulstone, in the House of Lords, L. R. 11 App. C. 469, by Herschell, L. C., and by Lords Blackburn and Fitzgerald, all of whom stated (pp. 478, 484, 486) that they did not wish in deciding the case to be regarded as approving the views in the Sugden case upon the admissibility of the declarations of the deceased testator made subsequently to the execution of the will, even in the case of a lost will; that the question was not necessary to the decision of the case then before them, and that they wished to reserve their opinion until it was necessary to decide it. Considerable doubt is thus thrown by the highest legal tribunal in England upon the correctness of the decision of the lower court. In New York and probably in most of the other States the character and sufficiency of the evidence to establish a lost will are provided for by statute. Schultz v. Schultz, 35 N. Y. 653.
The decision in the Suycle case also overrules that of Quick v. Quick, 3 Sw. & Tr. 442, where Lord Penzance refused probate of the alleged will, there being no other evidence of its contents than the declarations of the testator made after its execution, and it also runs counter to the opinion of Lord Campbell in Doe v. Palmer,16 Q. B. 747.
The law cannot therefore be regarded as settled in England that, even in the case of a lost will, declarations of the testator made after its execution are to be admitted as evidence of its contents. It is also proper to call attention to the fact that all the judges participating in the decision of Sugden's case were entirely satisfied with the proof of the contents of the lost will, wholly aside from evidence of these declarations.
While the case is not like the one before us, inasmuch as the inquiry here is not in regard to the contents of a lost will, yet it might perhaps be urged with some force that if declarations of that kind were admissible, the evidence now before us is competent, and was properly admitted.
We are, however, convinced that the true rule excludes evidence of the kind we are considering. We remain of the opinion that the declarations come within no exception to the law excluding hearsay evidence upon the trial of an action, and we think the exceptions should not be enlarged to admit the evi-
VOL. cLxxx-37

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
dence. Where the issue is not one in regard to the mental capacity of the alleged testator to make a will, his declarations upon the subject cannot be said to be declarations made against interest, such as declarations made by an individual while in possession of property, in disparagement of his absolute ownership. Such evidence has been admitted as declarations against interest or as characterizing possession, but the same declarations made after a conveyance of the land would be inadmissible, as mere hearsay and in no degree as declarations against interest. Declarations made by an alleged testator before or after the date of the paper are not declarations against interest, because they can have no effect upon his interest. The will would not take effect until after his death, and before that time he could revoke it or make another, and it would still be immaterial evidence even if he did neither.
There is another reason why no exception should be made in favor of such evidence upon which to build a presumption or inference of forgery, and that is the inherent weakness and danger of the evidence itself. No inference is generally more uncertain or unreliable than that which is sought to be drawn upon the question of the genuineness of a will from the alleged condition or a testator's inind towards ielatives or others, as evidenced by his declarations. It is every day experience that declarations of that nature are to the last degree unreliable as a basis for an inference as to probable testamentary disposition of property. Those who thought by reason of such declarations that they would certainly be remembered in the will of the testator are so frequently disappointed, and that too in cases where there is not the remotest suspicion of forgery, that it would seem exceedingly unsafe to permit a jury to draw an inference based upon such evidence, relative to the genuine character of the instrumnent propounded as a will. Although admitting the evidence, yet Sir John Nicholl, in Jolston v. Johnston, 1 Phillim. Rep. 447, 460, said : "1P arol declarations ought to be received with great caution; in general, they are the lowest species of evidence. . . . They may on the part of the testator be insincere, or at best the mere passing thought of the moment, and are liable on the part of witnesses to be misappre-

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Opinion of the Court.
hended and misrepresented. But confidential communications with his wife upon her serious representations to him respecting so important a subject are deserving of rather more weight as evidence of the deceased's mind and intentions."
The common-law rules of evidence do not obtain in the ecclesiastical courts of England in regard to the proof of wills relating to personalty. "On the contrary, the evidence bearing on these points is generally mixed up with declarations of the party, and frequently consists of such declarations alone." Per Tindal, Ch. J., in Exchequer Chamber, 1838, in arston v. Fox, 8 Ad. & El. 14, 56. The unreliable character of the evidence is acknowledged, but it is taken in connection with almost any other evidence, for what it is worth. In our judgment its value is entirely too problematical at its best to cause us to make an exception to the well considered rule of evidence prohibiting hearsay.
The motives underlying and causing the particular provisions of a will may be so various and so hidden from observation that it is in the highest degree unsafe to draw an inference of forgery based upon declarations as to testamentary intentions which are so subject to change and which declarations may or may not represent the true feelings of the testator or even his actual testamentary intention at the time when spoken. The result is very apt to be a breaking down of the safeguards provided by statute for the proof of the due execution of a will, and to provide in place of that proof evidence which is in itself of the most unsatisfactory nature, and from such evidence permit a jury to draw a still more uncertain inference of forgery.
We are not aware of any well founded rule permitting such evidence on the mere ground that it is probable the declarations were true, and therefore, though unsworn, should be received. On this ground it might equally be maintained that evidence of the declarations of a person, since deceased, in a matter regarding which he had been familiar, who had been a man of undoubted character and probity, and who had had no interest in the subject, ought to be received though not sworn to. But in such case the probability of their truth has not been regarded as sufficient to admit the declarations.

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
In matters of pedigree, declarations by members of the family are admitted, because the question in such cases is generally one concerning the parentage or descent of the individual, and in order to ascertain that fact it is material to know how he was acknowledged and treated by those who were interested in him or sustained towards him any relations of blood or affinity. 1 Greenleaf's Ev. sees. 103, 104. Evidence showing how he was acknowledged and treated is frequently only to be shown by declarations made at the time, and though unsworn are received as the best that the nature of the case permits. The analogy between such evidence and evidence of the nature under discussion is somewhat formal and far-fetched.
Undoubtedly cases may arise from the enforcement of this rule where injustice may be the result. It is possible that a forged instrument may in a particular case be declared a true one, where if evidence of this nature had been admitted the decision might have been the other way. An extreme case may be assumed, such as was put by Mr. Justice Grier in Turner v. ITand, 3 Wall. Jr. 88, 107, supra, by way of illustration in charging the jury, and although he held in the case he was trying that the evidence was admissible, he at the sametime said it must be regarded with very great caution as a dangerous kind of evidence. Turner v. H1-and was one of the many phases in which the controversy over the alleged will of Meeker was conducted in the courts of New Jersey and in the Federal court, while Boylan ads. Jeeker, 28 N. J. Law, above cited, was another.
The difficulty in regard to a rule of evidence is that it cannot be the subject of enforcement or non-enforcement according to the exigencies of the particular case. The rule must be general in its application. It cannot depend upon the opinion of the judge in each case whether the declarations are or are not to be relied upon. The rule must either permit or refuse to permit the evidence. We think that more injustice is possible as a result of admitting the evidence than from its exclusion. The statutes of all the States have very careful and stringent provisions in relation to the making of wills, and the due proof of their execution. The wills must be in writing, (with the

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Opinion of the Court.
exception of certain nuncupative wills,) signed by the testator and witnessed by others; and to permit evidence of the nature given in this case tends, as we think, most strongly to break down the efficiency of the statutory provisions, and to render proof of the execution of wills much less certain than was contemplated by the statutes. If declarations of the deceased were admissible to attack, they would then of course be admissible to sustain the will, and there would be apt to arise a contest in regard to the number and character of conflicting declarations of the deceased which he could neither deny nor explain, and in the course of which contest great opportunities for fraud and perjury would exist. The statutes as to wills were passed, as we believe, for the very purpose of shutting out all contests of such a character.
If not admissible generally, it is as we" think inadmissible even as merely corroborative of the evidence denying the genuine character of the handwriting. It is open to the same objection in either case as merely unsworn declarations or hearsay.
We are therefore of opinion that the court below erred in admitting this evidence upon the issue of forgery, and that the error was of a most important and material nature.
The last question is whether this evidence, even though not admissible on the issue of forgery, was admissible upon that of revocation, as it was offered on both, and if admissible upon either, the general objection to its admission would be unavailing, and there was no request to charge the jury to confine it to the issue of revocation alone. This question remains therefore, although the jury found there was no revocation because the will was never executed.
It is manifest that upon the issue of revocation the fact of the execution of the will is to be assumed, for in the nature of things one cannot revoke a will which he never made. It is conceded on the part of proponents that the will appeared, when it came to the hands of the register of wills, to have been mutilated, torn and burned around its edges, and counsel concede that its appearance is such that if it bad been found among the papers or repositories of the deceased, a presumption would have

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
arisen in favor of its revocation. The question is whether any presumption of cancellation or revocation by the deceased, or under his direction, is created in this case by the condition in which the paper was when received by the register of wills through the mail on August 26, 1895. If not, then these declarations subsequent to 1873 are not admissible on the theory that they are in aid or corroborative of a presumption that does not exist.
After proof that a will had been duly executed and was in the possession of the testator, the failure to find it after his death would be presumptive evidence that the testator had destroyed with an intention to revoke it. The presumption could, of course, be overcome by proper evidence leading to a contrary conclusion. This is conceded.
But here the will is found, not among the papers of the deceased at his former residence, but it comes through the mail to the register of wills more than a year after the decease of Judge Holt. The presumption of revocation cannot therefore attach from the failure to find a will once shown to have existed, for here the will is found and produced. We are left absolutely without evidence as to its whereabouts from the time of its execution in 1873 down to the time when the register of wills received the envelope enclosing it in August, 1895.
It is in evidence that immediately after the death of Judge Holt two of his nephews came to the house, and during the next few days papers were burned under their direction by one of the servants in the house. The evidence of these nephews given on the trial was absolute and distinct to the point that no paper of any consequence or in the nature of a testamentary disposition of property was found or destroyed, and there is no one to contradict or dispute such evidence; but the fact exists that there was a burning of papers.
Some evidence was given upon the subject of a similarity of form between the half printed and half written characters on the envelope directed to the register of wills and those found upon a sign put upon the stable of the deceased by the servant who had destroyed papers under the direction of the nephews, but we think such evidence was of no importance, and it must

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.
Opinion of the Court.
therefore be admitted that there is no evidence that the address on the envelope was in the handwriting of any particular person.
We think no presumption of revocation by the testator, or under his direction, arises from the appearance of this will when first received by the register of wills.
In fTite-ings v. Wood and others, decided by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1841, (2 Moore's P. C. C. 355, 447,) Lord Lyndhurst, Langdale, TV[.R., Shadwe]l, V. C. Baron Parke and Mr. Justice Littledale being in the court, the holograph instrument purporting to be a codicil to the will of James Wood, sent anonymously by the post to one of the legatees named therein, though partly burned and torn, was (reversing the court below) admitted to probate, the handwriting being satisfactorily proved; and it was held that under the circumstances of the case the onus of proving that the cancellation was the act of the testator, and with what intention it was done, lay on the parties opposing the proof. In the course of his opinion, Lord Lyndhurst said:
"Then, as to the alleged cancellation, we think, if this be a genuine instrument, that the onus to make out the fact of the cancellation is on those who oppose the codicil. It seems that a corner had been burnt, the paper torn through, and in one place across the signature; but by whom, and under what circumnstances, does not appear. There is nothing whatever to show that it was done by the testator, or if so, with what intention it was done. If it be a genuine instrument it proves that there was also another codicil, and which is not forthcoming. It is obvious, we think, that it must have been improperly dealt with, for if it was defaced by the testator he would either have entirely destroyed it or it would have been found in this state among his papers. The circumstance of its being in other hbands shows that a fraud had been practised, and that no safe conclusion can be drawn from its appearance that it was burnt or torn by the testator. But even if it had been found among the testator's papers at the time of his death, we incline to think some further evidence beyond its present appearance would be necessary to show that he intended to cancel it. Our opinion, therefore, is that the codicil ought to be approved."

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
This case establishes the point that no presumption of revocation arose upon the facts herein by reason of the appearance of the paper, and after execution is proved by evidence of the handwriting the onus rests upon the individual claiming that the paper was revoked by the testator, to prove the fact. There must be some evidence of an act by the deceased, or under his direction, which would be sufficient to show the fact, or the instrument must have been found among the papers of the deceased, mutilated and torn or otherwise defaced, and under such circumstances that the fact of revocation might be presumed. It was observed in Johnston v. Johnston, 1 Phillimore Rep. 447, 497, that a will once regularly made, the presumption of law is strong in its favor; the intention to revoke must be plain and without doubt.
There being no presumption of revocation from the appearance of the paper, and the onus being on those who assert its revocation, can the written or oral declarations of the testator, made subsequently to the execution of the will, and tending to show the existence of another will, not otherwise proved, or tending to show the state of his affections for his relatives and an alleged change in his feelings towards the relatives of one of the legatees, though not toward the legatee herself, be admitted for the purpose of asking the jury to infer either that the testator himself mutilated and burned with the intention to revoke the will, or directed the acts of mutilation and burning, in order to accomplish such revocation? Can such evidence take the place of proof of an act on the part of the deceased (or directed by him) sufficient to revoke a will, and from which an intention to revoke might be presumed? Here is simply a case of an inference sought to be drawn that the testator did the act and with the intent to revoke the will, because of his making certain declarations as to a will and also because he had expressed friendly feelings towards some of his relatives, and feelings the reverse of friendly towards the father of one of the legatees.
The will having been executed by the testator, it is said that it must be assumed to have been in his possession or under his control up to the time of his decease, and it is urged that proof

THROCKMORTON v. HOLT.

Opinion of the Court.
of the state of mind of the testator during more than twenty years subsequent to the execution of the will is proper to be considered by the jury, in order that it may from that proof infer that the acts of mutilation were performed by the testator or under his direction, and also that they were performed or directed with the purpose of revocation. A double inference is thus based upon a most insecure and dangerous foundation. The evidence is of the same nature that we have just said was inadmissible upon the issue of forgery; only here the inference sought is a revocation instead of the forgery of the will. We think the declarations are no more admissible for the purpose of inferring a revocation than for the purpose of inferring the forgery of the will.
There is in the first place no evidence that the testator either himself performed or that he authorized the acts of mutilation, and we think no presumption that he did can arise from the fact that the will was not found among his papers. And the appearance of the will when received by the register furnished no such presumption.
Counsel for the contestants have cited a number of cases which they claim show the admissibility of this class of evidence, in addition to those cited in the foregoing discussion, upon the issue of forgery. They are placed in the margin.'
The evidence is claimed to be admissible for the purpose of authorizing an inference therefrom that the testator himself mutilated or directed the mutilation of the will for the purpose of thereby revoking it. Declarations made by a testator at the time of mutilation or cancellation, going to show the intent with which the act is done, are of course admissible, being part of the res gestov. But as the production of the will under the circumstances proved in this case created no presumption of revocation, it was necessary to prove that the act of mutilation

I.Lawyer v. Smith, 8 Mich. 411, 423; Pattersonv. Iickey,
Harringv. Allen, 25 Mich. 505; Burge v. Hamilton, 72 Ga. gan v. Burns, 57 Me. 449; Collyer v. Collyer, 110 N. Y. 481, v. McDonald, 142 Ind. 55, 81; Miller v. Phillips, 9 R. I. 141, entine's Will, 93 Wis. 45, 55; Pickens v. Davis, 134 Mass. 252; L. R. 6 P. D. 1, 5.

32 Ga. 156, 164; 568, 625; Colla484; McDonald 144; In re ValGould v. Lakes,

OCTOBER TERM, 1900.
Opinion of the Court.
was performed by the testator or by his direction, and with an intention to revoke, and we think that his declarations, not being part of the res gestce, cannot be permitted for the purpose of asking the jury to infer therefrom that the testator not only performed or directed the act of mutilation but did so with the intent to revoke the instrument. This kind of evidence is of a most dangerous character. It is hearsay, and nothing more.
Some of the cases cited above admitted proof of declarations in aid of the presumption of revocation arising from the finding of the mutilated will among the effects of the deceased. Lawyer v. Smith, 8 Mich. 411; Patterson v. iliekey, 32 Georgia, 156. Another case, Burge v. Ijamilton, 72 Georgia, 568, admitted declarations of a testator made to his attorney at the time of the execution of a codicil to his will, in relation to the number of pages to his will, then present and exhibited to the attorney, the question arising from some mistake in the numbering of the pages, and the testator declaring to his attorney that the will which was then read over to him was all right and the numbering of the pages a mistake. The court held the paper presented an ambiguity, and a question of the identity of the paper produced with the will as executed. The declarations were in reality part of the res gestcB.
In another case the evidence went to prove that two sheets stitched together and found in an envelope were parts of the will. Gould v. Lakes, L. R. 6 P. D. 1. In some of the other cases declarations were admitted on the same theory as stated above in the discussion as to forgery.
There must be an act and an intention in order to revoke. Neither can be inferred from evidence of declarations of a testator apart from the act and with no proof that the testator ever performed an act of a revocatory nature. Unless a part of the res gestcc we see no reason for the admission of these declarations any more than upon the issue of forgery.
As is stated by James, Lord Justice, in Clieese v. Lovejoy, L. R. 2 P. D. 251, in speaking of the evidence of revocation:
"It is quite clear that a symbolical burning will not do, a symbolical tearing will not do, nor will a symbolical destruction. There must be the act as well as the intention. As it was put

FREEPORT WATER COMPANY v.FREEPORT CITY. 587
Syllabus.
by Dr. Deane in the court below, 'all the destroying in the world without intention will not revoke a will, nor all the intention in the world without destroying; there must be the two.' "
We cannot overcome the feeling that to admit evidence of this nature is in the highest degree dangerous, and that its admission would tend very strongly to impair the efficacy of the statutes relating to the proof and revocation of wills.
Ti judgment of the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia is reversedand the cause remandedto that court with directions to reverse the judgment of the Supreme Court of the District and to remand the cause to that court with instructionsto grant a new trial.
MR.JUSTICE HARLAN, MR.JUSTICE WHITE and MR.JUSTICE MOKENNA agreed with the opinion only upon the first and second grounds discussed, and dissented from the others.
MR.JUSTICE BROWN concurred in the result.
FREEPORT WATER COMPANY v. FREEPORT CITY.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS.
No. 348. Submitted October 31, 1900.-Decided March 25, 1901.
The water company was a corporation organized under general statutes of Illinois, as was also the city. In June, 1882, the government of the city gave the water company an exclusive right to supply the city with water for thirty years, reserving the right of purchasing the works erected for that purpose, and if this right were not exercised, the rights of the company were to be extended for a further term. Provision was made for the erection of hydrants by the company for which fixed rentals were to be charged, and the city was given rights in a part of them. Further provisions were made for the payment of water rates by consumers. In 1896 an ordinance was passed by the city reducing the rentals of the hydrants and rates to consumers to take effect from the date of its passage. At the time when the grant of 1882 was made, a statute passed in 1872 was in force in Illinois, authorizing cities and villages to

