SECURITY TRUST CO. r,. DENT.
Syllabus.
under the state statute had expired. All that was before the Circuit Court of the United States was an action at law upon a cause of action against a decedent's estate, which, under the laws of the State of Minnesota, could not be maintained in the courts of that.State, because barred by the operation of the laws of the State regulating the administration of the estates of deceased persons. Moreover, it is obvious, and it has always been held, that the Circuit Court cannot, in the trial of an action at law, exercise the power of a court of equity An application to the Federal court to decree an extension of tine beyond the period previously prescribed .by the probate court would have to be made by a bill in equity, showing good cause. Scott v Ar1m8trong, 146 U. S. 499.
Following our previous and repeated decisions, that- the courts of the United States, when exercising jurisdiction over executors and administrators of the estates of decedents within a State, are administering the laws of that State, and are bound by the same rules which govern the local tribunals, we conclude, in the present case, that
The'judgment of the Circuit Court qf ppeals.9nust be 'eversed, thejudgment qf tihe Circuit Court zs also r'eversed, and the cause -isremanded to that court,:with directwns to enter judgment sn conformity with the opjrn'on of th's court.
SECURITY TRUST COMPANY v. DENT.
CERTIORARI TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE EIGHTH
CIRCUIT.
No. 42. Argued April 21, 22, 1902.-Decided December 1, 1902.
Where a case is originally brought to this court by writ of error, but it appears that the proper course was to have brought the final judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals for review by writ of certiorari, this court under the powers given by the judiciary act of March 3, 1891, may allow a writ of certiorari and direct that the copy of the record heretofore filed under the writ of error be taken and deemed as a sufficient return to the certiorari.

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
The facts and questions of law involved in this case are similar to those decided in the case of Security Trust Compoany v. Black River National Bank, p. 211, ante.
THR case is stated m the opinion of the court.
M' Edmund ,S. nrment for petitioner. .Mr Albert R .oore was with him on the brief.
Mr Edward C.Strmngerfor respondent. .r faYeil V Seymour was with him on the brief.
MRh. JUSTICE SHIRAS stated the facts and delivered the opinion of the court.
This was an action brought in January, 1897, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Minnesota, by William H. Dent, as receiver of the First National Bank of Decorah, Iowa, against the Security Trust Company of St. Paul, Minnesota, .as administrator of the estate, of Sumner W Matteson, deceased, to recover the sum of $13,535.06, being the amount of principal and interest of certain promissory notes made by said Matteson in his lifetime, and which were the property of the said national bank. The execution and ownership of the notes were not denied, nor that the Security Trust Company had been, on September 3, 1895, duly appointed by the probate court of Ramsey County, Minnesota, administrator of the estate of said Matteson.
The defendant, however, alleged in its answer that the action' was not brought until after the expiration of the time limited by the order of the .probate court for the filing, examination and allowance of claims against M[atteson's estate, nor until after the examination and allowance of the administrator's final account, whereby, under the laws of the State of Minnesota, the official existence of the defendant company as administrator had ceased, and that therefore no action could be maintained against it, and also that the right to a judgment on the notes in suit was, by the laws of Minnesota, forever barred, notwithstanding they -were owned by a non-resident of the State, and that recovery was sought in a Federal court.

MACFARLAND v. BROWN.
Syllabus.
The plaintiff obtained a judgment m the Circuit Court, and that judgment was affirmed by the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. The case is reported m 104: Fed. Rep. 380. The cause was then brought here by a writ of error. We think the proper course was to have asked for a writ of certiorari to bring the final judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals here for review However, under the powers possessed by us under the judiciary act of March 3, 1891, we now allow a writ of certiorari, and direct that the copy of the record heretofore filed under the writ of error shall be taken and deemed as a sufficient return to the certiorari.
The questions presented are similar to those just decided in the case of Security Trust Company v. Black River NBational Bank, tried m the same court, and where the parties were represented by the same counsel which appear in this one.
Accordingly, for the reasons given in the opinion in that case,
The judgment of the Circuit Court of Apyeuk ss reversed, the judgment of the Circuit Court ¢Z likewmse reversed, and the cause s remanded to that court ith directions to enter judgment sn accordancewith the opnmson of th court.

MACFARLAND v. BROWN.

APPEAL

FROM! THE COURT OF APPEALS COLUMhBIA.

OF THE DISTRICT OF

No. 331. Argued November 5, 1902.-Decided December 1, 1902.

A judgment or decree to be final, within the meaning of that term as used in the acts of Congress giving this court jurisdiction on appeals and writs of error, must terminate the litigation between the parties on the merits of the case, so that if there should be an affirmance here, the court below would Ihave nothingto do but to execute the judgment or decree it had already rendered. Bostwzck v. .Brinkerhoff,106 U. S. 3, followed.
When, therefore, the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia reverses an order of the Supreme Court of the District in proceedings for the con-

MANLEY v. PARK.

Syllabus.

resident citizens might tend toincrease the cost of the work, or it might have the opposite effect by inducing outside laborers to become resident citizens. But, as we have said' such conjectural results are too remote and uncertain to furnish materials for judicial determination. The serious duty of condemning state legislation as unconstitutional and void cannot be thrown upon this court, except at the suit of parties directly and certainly affected thereby-
The judgment of the Supreme Court of Louisiana is Afflrmed.

MR. Jusrm; HAii

and MR. JUSTICE WHITE dissent.

MANLEY v. PARK.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF KANSAS.
No. 120. Argued December 17, 1902.-Decidpd January 5, 1903.
1
The construction given bythe Supreme Court of Kansas to the Kansas statutes holding that real estate situated in that State, the title to which was vested in a non-l'esident executor, to whom letters testamentary had been issudd by a court of another jurisdiction, may be attached and sold in an action of debt against the non-resident executor, is binding on this court. And, treating the statutes as having such import as a decision upon a matter of local law, this court must determine whether as so construed they violate the Federal right involved.
A domestic judgment of a state court entered after the defendant had appeared generally and whose validity it would have been the duty of this cohrt to uphold on direct proceedings to o!tain a reversal thereof, should be treated by courts of the United States so faras it relates to Federal questions which existed at the commencement of the action, as valid between the parties to the judgment. and if no claim to the protection of the Constitution of the United States was set up in any form in the proceedings had in the state court prior to judgment, such protection cannot be invoked for the first time in this court to annul the judgment on the ground tha it is absolutely void and of no effect under the Constitution of the United States.
AFederal defence which cannot be availed of unless raised before judgment is not efficacious, when it has not been raised at the proper time, to avoid the judgment when rendered.

OCTOBER TERMT, 1902.
Statement of the Case.
RiCimuD A. PARK was plaintiff in the original action, brought in the District Court of Atchison County, Kansas, against William H. Risk, executor of the estate of George Manley, deceased. It was alleged in the petition, in substance, that the decedent was at the tine of his death the owner of stock of the par value of $27,500, in a Kansas corporation, known as the Kansas Trust & Banking Company, that said corporation, subsequent to the death of Manley, became indebted to plaintiff, that the corporation was insolvent and had no property from which such indebtedness could be realized, that the defendant, as executor of the estate of Manley, became, seized and possessed of all the pr.-perty of the decedent within the State of Kansas, including the shares of stock referred to, and, by reason of a contractual liability imposed on the stockholders of said corporation, defendant was liable to plaintiff for the indebtedness in question. There was filed with the petition an affidavit for attachment, because of the non-residence of the defendant, and after the return of the summons an attachment was levied on certain real estate in Atchison County, Kansas, "as the property of said defendant William H. Risk, executor of the estate of George Manley, deceased." Publication of notice of the pendency of the action was made, as required by laws of Kansas. Within the tine limited for answering the defendant appeared generally by filing a demurrer to the petition on the grounds of a want of jurisdiction over the person of the defendant and the subject of the action, because several causes of action were improperly joined, 'and because the petition did not state facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action. Thereafter, Reuben A. Manley, successor to William H. Risk, as executor and trustee of the estate of George Manley, deceased, was substituted as defendant in the stead of Risk. An answer was thereupon filed, in which most of the material averments of the petition were admitted, such as the ownership by George Manley in his lifetime of the stock in question, the execution of his last will and testament, its admission to probate and the grant of letters testamentary to Risk and to his successor by a New Jersey orphans' court, that Risk and his successor "became seized and possessed of all the property of the late George Manley, de-

MANLEY ,,. PARK.

Counsel for Parties.

ceased, lying and being situated in the State of Kansas," and that the substituted defendant (Reuben M. Manley) "became and is now a stockholder of the said, The Kansas Trust & Bank. mg Company, and as such executor of said estate is the owner and holder of said shares of stock of said corporation, amounting to the sum of $27,500." Separate defences were interposed to defeat recovery, such as that plaintiff had not reduced his claim against the Kansas corporation to judgment, that there was a defect of parties plaintiff, that a special fund created by the Kansas corporation.for the payment-of the indebtedness in question existed, and should first be exhausted, and that various actions were pending in which recovery was- sought by judgment creditors of said Kansas corporation, upon the liability of defendant as a stockholder in said corporation.
Issue was joined by the filing of a reply, the cause was tried by the court, judgment for the amount claimed was rendered against the defendant, and the attached real estate was ordered sold. The cause was taken to the Supreme Court of Kansas, and that court dismissed the petition in error because of an informality in the proceedings and with out passing on the merits. 61 Kansas, 857. After the mandate had been fied in the lower court separate motions were made on behalf of defendant, to set aside the judgment and to withdraw the order for-the sale of the attached property The same grounds were assigned in support of each motion, and the claim. of the protection of the
Constitution of the ITnited States was embodied in the third ground, by the assertion that a statute of Kansas, upon which the judgment complained of was based, violated the first and second sections of the fourth article of and .the -provisions of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitutmon of the United States. The motions were overruled, and the "decision and judgment" was subsequently affirmed by the Supreme Court of Kansas. 62 Kansas, 553. By writ of error-the cause was then brought to this court. The original defendant in error having died, Anna 0. Park has been substituted as defendant in error.

-W' L. F Bzrd for plaintiff in error. J' was with hin on the brief.

C. F llutlhngs

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
MYr J F Tqfts for defendant in error. .M, Horace X Jackson was with him on the brief.
Mr. JUSTICE WHITE, after making the foregoing statement, delivered the opinion of the court.
A motion has been made to dismiss the writ of error upon the ground that no Federal question is presented by the record, it being claimed that the decision and judgment of the Supreme Court of Kansas sought to be reviewed was based solely upon a consideration of local statutes and the determination of a question of general law, viz., the effect as esudicataof a judgment of a court of Kansas. But as the claim of the benefit of the Constitution of the United States was specially made in the motions and was passed upon adversely to the moving party, it follows that a Federal question exists in this record, and the motion to dismiss is therefore overruled. .Xissoum-, _ansas &c. Bly. Co. v Elliott, 184 U S. 530, 534.
The specifications of error now relied upon are thus stated in the brief of counsel for plaintiff in error
"First. Under the constitution and laws of the State of Kansas, an executor, resident in the State of Kansas, could be sued in a District Court of the State, but the property in his charge could not be attached, nor sold on execution.
"Second. Under the constitution and statutes of the State of Kansas, no authority exists for attaching the property in charge of a non-resident executor.
"Third. Section 203 of the executors' and administrators' act, par 2989, Gen. Stat. Kansas, 1889, as construed and upheld in this case, is in violation of sec. 2, art. 4, of the Constitution of the United States, in that it does not accord to the plaintiff in error and his predecessor, citizens of the State of New Jersey, all the privileges and immunities of an executor resident in the State of Kansas. Sec. 2, art. 4, Const. U S.
"Fourth. Sec. 203 of the executors' and administrators' act, par. 2989, Gen. Stat. Kansas, 1889, as construed and upheld in this case, is in violation of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, in that it abridges the privileges

MANLEY o. PARK.
Opinion of the Court.
of the pla.ntiff in error and his predecessor, citizens of the' United States, and their immunity from suit by attachment, and deprives them of their property without due process of law, and demes them the equal protection of the laws.
"Fifth. The right of the plaintiff in error, and his predecessor, citizens of the State of New Jersey, to act as executors of the estate of George Manley, deceased, is a privilege, and tho exemption of an executor, not a resident m the State of Kansas, from suits by attachment, is an immunity which is guaranteed by sec. 2, art. 4, Constitution of the United States, and the same were denied by the decision of the Supreme Court of Kansas in thls case."
The first and second propositions, it is manifest, simply invite a consideration of the constitution and laws of the State of Kansas, and, consequently, the construction adopted by the'Supreme Court of Kansas of the pertinent provisions of such constitution and laws, is binding upon this court as a decision upon a matter of purely local law, not presenting a Federal question. We must accept then fs undeniable the ruling of the highest court of Kansas, that under the constitution and statutes of Kansas real estate situated in that State, the title to which was vested in a non-resident executor, to whom letters testamentary had been issued by-a court of another. jurisdiction, might be attached and sold, in an -actionof debt against the non-resident executor.
The remaining propositions assail the validity, under the Constitution of the-United StAdes, of the statute of Kansas,.par. 2989, Gen. Stat. Kansas, 1889, see. 147, ch. 107, Gen. Stat. Kansas, 1897, as thus construed by tire Supreme Court of Kansas. The section in question upon which the judgment complained of was based is as follows
"An executor or administrator duly appointed in any other State or country may sue or be sued in any court in this State, in his capacity of executor or administrator, in like manner and under like restrictions as a non-resident may sue or be suc-d."
This section was held to authorize an attachment of property in an action against a non-resident executor, precisely as in ordinary actions against non-residents.

OCTOBER TERh, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
Now, the claimed nullity of the judgment assailed was based upon the alleged invalidity of the Kansas statute above quoted, as respected the Constitution of the United States, in this, that as an executor resident in Kansas possessed the privilege or' immunity of not being subject to suit by attachment of property, a like privilege or immunity within the State of Kansas was vested by the Constitution of the United States in executors who were not residents of Kansas, and the refusal of the State of Kansas to accord such privilege or immunity to a nonresident executor and the subjecting him to the operation of attachment laws, deprived the foreign executor of his property without due process of law and denied him the equal protection of the laws. But, it is'obvious, we think, under the circumstances disclosed in this record, that the protection of the Constitution of the United States could not be successfully invoked to annul the judgment here complained of, on the theory that such judgment was absolutely void and of no effect under the Constitution of the United States. This results from the consideration that no claim to the protection of the Constitution of the United States was set up in any form in the proceedings had in the state court which resulted ii the judgment complained of, and for such reason, if that judgment had been brought to this court for review, it would have been its duty -having in mind the provisions of section 709 of the Revised Statutes-to affirm the judgment and recognize its binding force, because no Federal question was raised. A domestic judgment of a state court whose validity it would have been the duty of this court to uphold, on direct proceedings to obtain a reversal of such judgment, manifestly should be treated by courts of the United States, so far as relates to Federal questions which existed at the time the action was commenced in which the judgment was rendered, as valid between the parties to such judgment. We could not hold to the contrary without saying that a Federal defence which could not be availed of unless raised before judgment was yet efficacious, although not raised, to avoid the judgment when rendered. Tins would necessarily declare a plain contradiction in terms. As the authority conferred by Kansas upon her courts was to set aside

LONE WOLF v. HITCHCOCK.
Syllabus.
vouz judgments, provisions of the Constitution of the United States which would have been available if pleaded or otherwise presented in the state courts as a defence m the proceedings in the original action to defeat the recovery of a valid judgment, cannot, when the opportunity has not been availed of and the judgment has become a finality, be resorted to as establishing that in fact the judgment possessed no binding force or efficacy whatever.
Judgment affirmed.
LONE WOLF v. HITOHCOCK.
APPEAL FROM THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 275. Argued October 23, 1902.-Decided January 5,1903.
The provisions in article 12 of the Medicine Lodge treaty of 1867 with the Kiowa and Comanche Indians to the effect that no treaty for the cession of any part of the reservation therein described, which may be held in common, shall be of any force or validity as against the Indians unless executed and signed by at least three fourths of all the adult male Indians occupying the same, cannot be adjudged to materially limit and qualify the controlling authority of Congress in respect to the care and protection of the Indians and to deprive Congress, in a possible emergency, when the necessity might be urgent for a partition and disposal of the tribal lands, of all power to act if the assent of three fourths of all the male Indians could not be obtained. Congress has always exercised plenary authority over the tribal relations of the Indians-and the power has always been deemed a political- one not subject to. be controlled-by the courts.
In view of the legislative power possessed by Congress over treaties with the Indians, and Indian tribal property, even if a subsequent agreement or treaty purporting to be signed by three fourths of all the male Indians was not signed and amendments to such subsequent treaty were not submitted to the Indians, as all these matters were solely within the domain of the legislative authority, the action of Congress is conclusive upon the courts.
As the act of June 6, 1900, as to the disposition of these lands was enacted ata time when the tribal relations between the confederated tribes of the Kiowas, Comanches and Apaches still existed, and that statute and the statutes

BILLINGS v. ILLINOIS.
Syllabus.
township of Ontonagon, to the sorting grounds and pier jams of the complainant; they are then loaded aboard cars and shipped by rail to Green Bay, Wisconsin, via the Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway, and pass out of the State of Michigan at a point near the village of Iron Mountain in said State."
The number of the logs shipped by rail from Ontonagon to Green Bay before the levy of the tax complained of is given in the stipulation of facts, and it is stipulated that "about five hundred thousand feet of complainant's said logs in said river have been (in said river of slough) constantly within said village since 1898, for the purpose of shipment by rail to the destination as aforesaid."
The appellant's contention is that the movement of the logs commenced at the opening of navigation of the river (presumnably in the spring or summer of 1896 and 1897,) and from that date were in continuous transit as subjects of interstate commerce, and exempt from taxation. The contention is more extreme than that made and rejected in Coo v. Errol.
Defree afirmed.
BILLINGS v. ILLINOIS.
tRROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS.
No. 106. Argued December 4, 1902.-Decided January 19, 1903.
The claim that section 2 of the act providing for the taxation of life estates, as construed by the highest courts of the State of Illinois, is in contravention of the Fourteenth Amendment in that the classification of life tenants is arbitrary and unreasonable and denies to life tenants the equal protection of laws because it taxes one class of life estates where the remainder is to lineals and expressly exempts life estates where the remainder is to collaterals or to strangers in blood, cannot be sustained.
Inheritance tax laws are based upon the power of a State over testate and intestate dispositions of property, to limit and create estates, and to impose conditions upon their transfer or devolution. This court has already decided in regard to this law that such power could be exercised by distinguishing between the lineal and collateral relatives of a testator. VOL. CLXXXVIII-7

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
Whether the amount of the tax depends upon him who immediately receives, or upon him who ultimately receives, makes no difference with the power of the State. No discrimination being exercised in the creation of the class, equality is observed. 3lagou v. Illinois Trzist and Savings Bank, 170 U. S. 283, followed.
THE case is stated in the opinion of the court.
_11r. James P. .leaglher, with whom Xlh. ill'iam D. Guthd'ric was on the brief, for the plaintiff in error, contended that this case differed and should be distinguished from, _fayoun, v. Plinois Trust and Savings Bank, 170 U. S. 283, as that case did not decide that tenants for life or for years could be discriminated against in the manner provided in section 2 of the act, now before the court. The point could not have been considered in that case for the plain reason that Mrs. Miagoun was not a tenant for life or for years, and could not have been heard to complain of discrimination in a class to which she did not belong. The whole class of life tenants or tenants for years could have been exempted, and such a classification would be within the discretion of the legislature. The constitutionality of the exemption under section 2 is now directly challenged by the plaintiffs in error because they belong to the class affected, and they contend that in their class they are discriminated against in that the tax is not similarly imposed upon others within the same class receiving substantially the same kind of property or exercising the same privilege.
Submitted by Mr. Hfowland J. Hamlin,Attorney General
of the State of Illinois, for defendant in error.
AIR. JUSTICE MOKENNA delivered the opinion of the court.
The case presents the question of the constitutionality, under the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution of the United States, of section 2 of the inheritance tax law of the State of Illinois. Rev. Stat. Illinois, 1895, c. 120, par. 308. The constitutionality of the law was passed upon in i£aygoun v. Illinois Trust & Savings Bank, 170 U. S. 283, and is there set out. As much of section 2 as is necessary to quote is as follows:

BILLINGS v. ILLINOIS.
Opinion of the Court
"SEc. 2. When any person shall bequeath or devise any property or interest therein or income therefrom to mother, father, husband, wife, brother and sister, the widow of the son, or a lineal descendant during the life or for a term of years or (and) remainder to the collateral heir of the decedent, or to the stranger in blood or to the body politic or corporate at their decease, or on the expiration of such term, the said life estate or estates for a term of years shall not be subject to any tax and the property so passing shall be appraised immediately after the death at what was the fair market value thereof at the time of the death of the decedent in the manner hereinafter provided, and after deducting therefrom the value of said life estate, or term of years, the tax transcribed by this act on the remainder shall be immediately due and payable to the treasurer of the proper county, and, together with the interests thereon, shall be and remain a lien on said property until the same is paid; . .
It is claimed, however, that the question presented in this case was not passed upon in .lagoan v. Illinois Trust & Savinys Bank. If this be not so, if this case cannot be distinguished from that, it follows necessarily that the judgment sought to be reviewed must be affirmed.
The proceedings originated in the County Court of Cook County, Illinois, which entered a judgment order assessing taxes, under the law in controversy, upon the property and estates passing to the plaintiffs in error. The order was affirmed by the Supreme Court of the State. 189 Illinois, 472.
Albert M. Billings, a resident of Chicago, died in that city, February 7, 1897. He left surviving him a widow, Augusta S. Billings; a son, Cornelius K. G. Billings, one of the plaintiffs in error, and grandson, Albert M. Billings Ruddock, who is the other plaintiff in error. He also left a son by a former marriage, with whom this record is not concerned. His estate was very large, and he devised and bequeathed it all to his wife, excepting certain reservations, during her natural life. How it should be divided, then, the will proceeded to provide as follows:
"I do also herein give and bequeath to my son Cornelius

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
Kingsley Garrison Billings, and to my grandson Albert M. Billings Ruddock, to be held and owned by them at the death of my wife Augusta S. Billings as is hereinafter explained and set forth, all the property and estate herein bequeathed to her my wife not otherwise disposed of by my said executors hereinafter named, in the manner following to wit: Two thirds thereof to my son C. K. G. Billings and one third thereof to my grandson Albert M. Billings Ruddock to be held and owned by them as above stated during their lifetime, and should my son C. K. G. Billings die, not leaving a living child or children of his own issue, the property herein bequeathed to him shall revert and be held and owned by my grandchild Albert M. Billings Ruddock during his lifetime, and should my grandson Albert M. Billings Ruddock die not leaving a child or children of his own issue, then all the property and estate herein bequeathed to him shall revert and become the property and estate of my brother John D. Billings (should he be alive at that time) and my living nephews and nieces who
shall be living at the time of the death of my said grandson, as aforesaid, said brother, nieces and nephews to share and share alike in said estate."
The will, therefore, created a life estate in the widow in the entire estate, and at her death life estates of two thirds and one third of the property bequeathed respectively to the testator's son and grandson, the plaintiffs in error.
The widow renounced the provision made for her, and elected to take in lieu thereof her dower and legal share, and the estates to the plaintiffs in error accrued at once. The County Court appointed an appraiser to fix the fair market value of the estates for the purpose of assessing the inheritance tax as provided by the statute. "The widow's dower award," to quote from the opinion of the Supreme Court, "and one third of the personalty were appraised at the total sum of $2,363,151.75, the tax upon which, after deducting the $20,000 exemption, was fixed at $23,443.53. The life interest (as it was decreed to be) of said Cornelius in the two thirds bequeathed to him was appraised at $2,472,118.75, and after deducting his exemption of $20,000, the. tax to be paid by him was assessed at

BILLINGS v. ILLINOIS.
Opinion of the Court.
$24,821.18. This included the specific devise of real estate valued at $30,000. The life interest of Albert Al. Billings Ruddock in the one third interest bequeathed to him was appraised at $1,408,374.77, and after deducting his exemption of $20,000, his tax was assessed at $14,043.74. This included also the tax on a specific devise to him of real estate valued at $16,000. The court, in approving the appraiser's report, found that Cornelius K. G. Billings took a life estate in the two thirds of the residuary estate bequeathed to him, and that there was a remainder therein of the value, at the testator's death, of $864,584.70, which had not vested, and that there was a remainder in the one third bequeathed to Albert M. Billings Ruddock for life of the value of $250,976.95, which had not vested, and ordered that the tax on these remainders be postponed until they shall have become vested."
The widow was an appellant in the Supreme Court of the State, but she is not a party here.
The assignment of error is "that the statute is in contravention of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America, in that the classification of life tenants is arbitrary and unreasonable, and denies to the plaintiffs in error, as life tenants, the equal protection of the laws; because the statute, as interpreted and enforced by the state courts, taxes life estates where the remainder is to lineals, but does not tax, and expressly exempts, similar life estates where the remainder is to collaterals or to strangers in blood."
Turning to the _ilagoun case, we find that the objection made to the statute was that it denied to the appellant the equal protection of the laws, and the sonewhat elementary and lengthy discussion in the opinion was induced by the grounds upon which, and the ability with which, the statute was attacked. It is very certain that no consideration was omitted from the arguments at bar which could have aided the court to form a judgment. If there had been a proper classification there could not have been the denial of the equal protection of the laws, and we, therefore, expressed and illustrated the principle upon which it should be based. We said it was established by cases that classification must be based on some reasonable ground.

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
It could not be a "mere arbitrary selection." But what is the test of an arbitrary selection? It is difficult to exhibit it precisely in a general rule. Classification is essentially the same in law as it is in other departments of knowledge or practice. It is the grouping of things in speculation or practice, because they "agree with one another in certain particulars and differ from other things in those same particulars." Things may have very diverse qualities, and yet be united in a class. They may have very similar qualities, and yet be cast in different classes. Cattle and horses may be considered in a class for some purposes. Their differences are certainly pronounced. Salt and sugar may be associated in a grocer's stock for a grocer's purposes. To confound them in use would be very disappointing. Human beings are essentially alike, vet some individuals may have attributes or relations not possessed by others, which may constitute them a class. But their classification-indeed, all classification-must primarily depend upon purpose-the problem presented. Science will have one purpose, business another and legislation still another. The latter, of course, on account of the restraints upon the legislature, may not be legl-may not be within the power of the legislature. To dispute that power, however, is not the same thing as to dispute a classification, and yet that there may be dependence-more freedom of classification in some instances-has been indicated by the cases. A State cannot regulate interstate commerce, however accurate its classification of objects may be. On the other hand, the taxing power of a State is one of its most extensive powers. It cannot be exercised upon persons grouped according to their complexions. It can be exercised if they are grouped according to their occupations. A State may regulate or suppress combinations to restrict the sale of products. The power cannot be exerted to forbid combinations among those who buy products and permit combinations among those who raise or grow products. Connolly v. Union Sewei Pipe Co., 184 U. S. 540. And yet, exercising its taxing power, it has been decided, that a State may make that discrimination. Avmerican Sugar Refining Co. v. Louisiana,179 U. S. 89. Other illustrations may be taken from the cases which tend to the same end. If the

BILLINGS v. ILLINOIS.
Opinion of the Court.
purpose is within the legal powers of the legislature, and the classification made has relation to that purpose, (excludes no persons or objects that are affected by the purpose, includes all that are,) logically speaking, it will be appropriate; legally speaking, a law based upon it will have equality of operation. And, excluding our right to consider policies or assume legislation, we have many times said that a State in its purposes and in the execution of them, must be allowed a wide range of discretion, and that this court will not make itself "a harbor in which can be found a refuge from ill-advised, unequal and oppressive legislation." .Jfobile Co. v. Kimball, 102 U. S. 691.
These principles were announced in the ifagoun case and found to sustain the Illinois statute. We said: "There are three main classes in the Illinois statute, the first and second being based, respectively, on lineal and collateral relationship to the testator or intestate, and the third being composed of strangers to his blood and distant relatives. The latter is again divided into four subclasses dependent upon the amount of the estate received. The first two classes, therefore, depend on substantial differences, differences which may distinguish them from each other and them or either of them from the other classdifferences, therefore, which 'bear a just and proper relation to the attempted classification '-the rule expressed in the Gu/f, Colorado& Santa J7' Railway Co.v. Ellis, 165 U. S. 150. And if the constituents of each class are affected alike, the rule of equality prescribed by the cases is satisfied. In other words, the law operates 'equally and uniformly upon all persons in similar circumstances.'"
But it is insisted that the classification sustained in the iJ-agoun case " related solely to the graduated feature of the tax." In the case at bar, it is said, the question is " whether or not the Illinois legislature can discriminate against constituents of a certain class, and apply different rules for the taxation of its members. Life tenants constitute but a single class, and the incidents of such an estate, the source thereof, the extent, the dominion over and quality of interest in the tenant, is the same irrespective of the ultimate vesting of the remainder. The tax

OCTOBER TERMI, 1902. Syllabus.
is not upon the property, but is upon the person succeeding to the property."
Undoubtedly, life tenants regarded simply as persons, may be in legal contemplation the same; estates for life regarded simply as estates with their attributes also in legal contemplation, may be said to be the same, but that is not all that is to be considered, nor is it determinative. We must regard the power of the State over testate and intestate dispositions of property, its power to create and limit estates, and, as resulting, its power to impose conditions upon their transfer or devolution. It is upon this power that inheritance tax laws are based, and we said, in the Xfagoun case, that the power could be eKercised by distinguishing between the lineal and collateral relatives of a testator. There the amount of tax depended upon him who immediately received; here the existence of the tax depends upon hin who ultimately receives. That can make no difference with the power of the State. No discrimination being exercised in the creation of the class, equality is observed. Crossing the lines of the classes created by the statute discriminations may be exhibited, but -within the classes there is equality.
Judgment a/firmed.
AMERICAN COLORTYPE COMPANY v. CONTINENTAL COLORTYPE COMPANY.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UINITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS.
No. 440. Submitted December 22,1902.-Decided January 19, 1903.
An Illinois corporation transferred to a New Jersey corporation contracts of employment containing stipulations that the employ~s would not accept employment from any other person during specified periods and would never divulge the secrets of the trade. The New Jersey company by consent of all parties became substituted as a party to such contracts
and instructed the employ6s, who accepted the employment, in valuable trade secrets. The employgs who were not citizens of New Jersey then entered into an arrangement to work for a rival Illinois corporation.

SECURITY TRUST CO. v. BLACK RIVER NAT'L BK. 211
Statement of the Case.
SECURITY TRUST COMPANY v. BLACK RIVER NATIONAL BANK.
CERTIORARI TO THE CIRfUT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE EIGHTH CIRCUIT.
No. 39. Argued April 21, 22, 1902.-Decided December 1, 1902.
Under the statutes of the State of Minnesota and the decisions of the courts of that State construing and applying them, a creditor cannot maintain a suit in the courts of that State for a debt against a decedent after the expiration of the period limited by the order of the probate court in which creditors may present claims against the deceased for examination and allowance, and after an allowance of the administrator's final account and a final decree of distribution.
Although it is a well settled principle that a foreign creditor may establish his debt in the courts of the United States against the personal representative of a decedent, notwithstanding the fact that the laws of the State limit the right to establish such demands to a proceeding in the probate courts of the State, it is algo equally well settled that the courts of the United States in enforcing such claims are administering the laws of the State of the domicile and are bound by the same rules that govern the local tribunals; and if a foreign creditor of a Minnesota decedent delays proceedings in the Federal court, until after, the time to present claims fixed'by the order of the probate court has expired and the final distribution of the estate has been effected; he canndt use the Fdderal courts to devolve a new responsibility upon the admiistrator and interfere with the rights of other parties, creditors or distributees, which have become vested under the regular and orderly administration'of the estate under the laws of.the State.
Although under, the state statutes the probate court may, before final settlement and upon good cause shown, extend the time for presentation of claims, this court is-not called upon to determine in a case where no application for such extensio was-made before final settlement whether a Federal court might or might not, on good cause shown, extend such time. It is obvious and always has been held that the United States Circult Court cannot in the trial of an action at law exercise the powers of a court of equity.
Ix January, 1897'T, the Black River Naiional Bank of. Lowville brought an action in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Minnesota against the Secirity Trust Corn-

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Statement of the Case.
pany of St. Pau], as administrator of the estate of Sumner W Matteson, deceased. The complaint alleged that the plaintiff was a corporation duly organized under the national banking laws of the United States, having its place of business at Lowville, Lewis County, and State of New York, that the defendant was a corporation created by the laws of the State of Minnesota, having its place of business at the city of St. Paul and State of Minnesota., and had been duly appointed administrator .of the estate of Sumner W Matteson, deceased, by the proper probate court of Ramsey County, Minnesota, on or about the 3d day of September, 1895, that the said :Matteson had been during his lifetime a resident and citizen of the State of Minnesota.
For a cause of,action the complaint averred that on the 27th day of February, 1894, the said Matteson had executed his two, promissory notes, wherein for value received he promised to pay to the order of James H. Easton and Company, at the First National Bank of Decorah, Iowa, the sum of twenty-five hundred dollars, four- months after date, with interest thereon at the, rate-of 6ight per cent per annum from date until paid, that ther.earter, on March 22, 1894, and before~the maturity of said notes, the said James H. Easton and Company, for value received, sold and assigned the same to the plaintiff, that said James H. Edston and Company was a copartnership doing business at Decorah, and that all the members thereof were resiAents and citizens of the State of Iowa ; that no .part of said notes has ev.er been paid except the interest thereon to the 24th day of INovember,. 1894-.
The complaint further alleged that the defbndant, as alministrator of the estate of Sumner W Matteson, had in its hand and under its control property, money and -effects which-belonged in his lifetime to said Matteson, more than suffiqient to pay the amount due the plaintiff, that the estate of. said Matteson was in process of settlement in the'probate court-of Ramsey County, State of Minnesota, and had not 'been fully and, finay settled and probated, and that said administrator had never been discharged an'd was still the administrator of the estate of said Matteson, deceased 'and plaintiff demanded judg-

SECURITY TRUST CO. v., BLACK RIVER NAT'L BK. 213
Statement of the Case.
ment against the defendant in the sum. of .five thousand dollars and interest thereon from the 24th day of November, 1894.
On February 12, 1897, the defendant appeared and answered, admitting those allegations of the complaint which alleged the making and transfer of said-notes, and'that the same remained unpaid in the hands oi the plaintiff, but denying that the defendant had in its hands as administrator of said Matteson any money or property applicable 'to the payment of said notes. The answer also alleged that the estate of said Matteson had been fully settled, probated and adniinistered upon and discharged from the probate court long prior to the commencement of plaintiff's. action, and. that the .defendant had long before the commencement of this action turned over all property, money and effects of said estate remaining in its hands, -tothe persons entitled thereto, and that defendant long before the commencement of this action had been disohgrged as such ad-' mimstrator, and was not when said action was brought and is not now administrator of the estate of said decedent.
On- arch 20, 1897, the plaintiff filed a reply, traversing the allegations of the answer. Thereafter -and on the 18th day of January, 1899, a. stipulation of facts- and waiver of jury trial were filed. 'Inthe stipulation of facts jt appeared that the estate of Matteson had been settled,,.administered upon apd discharged from the probate court prior to the commencement of plaintiff's.action in the Circuit Court of the United States.-
On April 17, 1899, the cause came on to be heard; on the pleadings and stipulation of facts, and judgment was entered in favor of the, plaintiff in the sum of $6782.89, to be paid and enforced out of the property and .effects.of the intestate,,Sumner W Matteson, deceased, and it was ordered further that this judgment be duly certified by this court to the probate court of Ramsey County as a claim duly. approved, established and allowed against the estate. of Sumner W. Matteson, deceased.
Subsequently the cause was taken to the -United States Circuit Cburt of Appeals 'for the Eighth Circuit, where on Dctober 17, 1,900, thejudgment of the Circuit Court was affirmed, on -authority of the case of the Seourity Trust Comvany, as Adpztratr of Sumner IF .atteso, deceased, v. William H

OCTOBER TERMI, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
Dent, as Receiver of the First _Hational Bank of Decorah, reported in 104 Fed. Rep. 380.
Whereupon a writ of certiorari was prayed for and allowed, and the cause was brought to this court.
XA1 Edmund .,Durment for petitioner. .M'. Albert 1. Moore was with him on the brief.
.31r Edward C. Strnger for respondent. -Mr .Akfeil E Seymour was with him on the brief.
MR. JUSTICE SHIAs, after making the- foregoing statement, delivered the opinion of the court.
This was a suit brought m January, 1897, in the Circuit Court, of the United States for the District of Minnesota, by the Black River National Bank of Lowville, incorporated under the national banking laws of the United States, and doing business in the county of Lewis and State of New York, against the Security. Trust Company of St. Paul, Minnesota, as administrator of the estate of Sumner W Matteson, deceased, seeking to recover the sum of five thousand dollars and interest thereon, due on certain promissory notes made by said Mattes6n in his lifetime, and which were alleged to be the property of the said national bank.
No defence was interposed as respected the execution of the notes or the ownership of the same by the bank. It was admitted that the Security Trust Company had been, on September 3, 1895, duly appointed by the probate court of Ramsey County, Minnesota, administrator of the estate of said Matteson. The defendant, however, alleged, in its answer that, as the action was not brought until after the time limited by the order of the probate 'court for the filing, examination and allowance of claims against Matteson's estate, nor'until after the examination and allowance of the administrator's final account, under the laws of the State of Minnesota, the official existence of the defendant company as administrator had ceased, and therefore no action could be maintained against it, and also

SECURITY TRUST O. v. BLACK RIVER NAT'L BK. 215

Opinion of the Court.

that the right to a judgment on the notes in suit was, by the

laws of Minnesota, forever barred, although they were owned

by a non-resident of the State, and.a recovery was sought in a

Federal court.

Two inquiries are presented to us-first, whether, by virtue

of the state statutes, the estate of Matteson had been so fully

settled and administered, before the present action was brought,

as to operate as a discharge of the administration, and as a bar

to a right of the plaintiff to recover against the estate in the

state courts, and, second, if the first question must be affima-

tively answered, whether, not withstanding such a condition of

the statutory law of the State, an action can be successfully main-

tained by a citizen of another State in the Circuit Court of the

United States on a cause of action not barred by the general

statute of limitations of the State.

It is scarcely necessary to say that, as respects the first of

these inquiries, we must find an answer in the provisions of the

constitution and statutes of Minnesota as interpreted and con-

strued by the Supreme Court of that State.

The state constitution and statutory provisions bearing upon

the question involved are the following

"Constitution, art. VI, sec. 7. There shall be established

in each organized county in the State a probate court, which

shall be a court of record, and be held at such times and places

as may be prescribed by law

A probate court shall

have jurisdiction over the - estates of deceased persons and per-

sons under guardianship, but no other jurisdiction, except as

prescribed by this constitution."

General Statutes, 1894

"SEO. 4523. The probate court at the time of granting letters

testamentary or of administration shall make an order allow-

ing to the executor or administrator a reasonable time, not ex-

ceeding one year and six months, for the settlement of the estate.

"SFo. 4524. The probate court may, upon good cause shown

by the executor or adminnistrator, extend the time for the set-

tlement of the estate not exceeding one year at a time, unless in .the judgment of the court a longer time be necessary"

"SEo. 4527. When there is not sufficient personal estate in

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opimon of the Court.
the hands of the executor or administrator to pay all the debts and legacies and the allowance to the widow and minor children, the probate court may, on petition of the executor or admuistrator, order the sale of the real estate or so much thereof as may b6 necessary to pay the same."
Section 4,171 provides that real estate shall descend subject to the debts of the intestate.
"SEc. 4638. Every executor or admimstrator shall render his account of his administration within the time allowed him for the settlement of the estate and at such other time as he is required by the court, until the estate is wholly settled.
"SC. 4639. When the-estate is fully administered, thd executor or administrator shall petition the probate court for an order fixing a time and place in which it will examine, settle and allow the final account of the executor or administrator, and for the assignment of the residue of the estate to the persons entitled thereto by law The final account shall be filed in the probate court at the time of filing said petition.
"SEC. 4640. Upon the filing, of said petition the court shall make an 6rder fixing a time and place for hearing the same. Said order shall be published according to law
"SEC. 4641. On hearing such petition, the probate court shall examine every executor and administrator upon oath as to the truth and correctness of his account before the same is allowed; but such examination may be omitted when no objection is made to the allowance of the account and there is no reason to doubt the justness and correctness thereof, and the heirs, legatees and devisees may be examined on oath upon any matter relating to the account of any executor or administrator whenever the correctness thereof is called in question. If from such examination the account is found just and correct the probate court shall allow and settle the same, and upon satisfactory evidence shall determine the rights of the persons to the residue of said estate and unless partition is asked for and directed as hereinafter provided make a decree accordingly, assigning said residue to the persons thereto entitled by law
"S1Ec. 4642. In such decree the court shall name the persons and the proportion or parts to which each is entitled, and if

SECURITY TRUST CO. v. BLACK RIVER NAT'L BK. 217
Opinion of the Court.
real estate, give a description as near as may be of the land to which each is entitled, and such persons may demand and recover their respective shares from the executor or administrator, or any other person having the same, and a certified copy of any decree of distribution of real estate may be recorded in the office of the register of deeds in every county in this' State in which are situated any of the lands described in such decree, and such register of deeds shall enter in his reception book the name of the deceased as grantor, and the names of the heirs, legatees or devisees, as grantees, and shall make in such reception book so many separate grantor and grantee entries for such decree as there are persons taking real estate in such county under said decree."
"SEc. 4509. At the time of granting letters testamentary or of administration, the court shall make an order limiting the time in which creditors may present claims against the deceased for examination and allowance, which shall not be less than six months nor more than .one year from the date of -such order, said order shall fix the time or times and place in which the court will examine and adjust claims and demands of all persons against deceased. No claim or demand shall be received after expiration of the time so limited, unless for good cause shown the court may in its discretion receive, hear and allow such claim upon notice to the executor or administrator, but no claim shall be received or allowed unless presented within one year and six months from the time when notice of the order is given, as provided in the next section, and before final settlement, and the allowance or disallowance of any claim shall have the same force and effect as a judgment for or against the estate,
' SEC. 4510. The order prescribed in section one hundred and two shall be published according to law, and shall be notice to all creditors and persons interested.
"SEc. 4511. All claims arising upon contracts, whether the same be due, not due, or contingent, must be presented to the probate court within the time limited in said order, and any claim not so presented is barred forever, such claim or demand may be pleaded as an offset or counterclaim to an action brought

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
by the executor or administrator. All claims shallbe itemized, and verified by the claimant, his agent or attorney, stating the amount due, that the same is just and true, that no payments have been made thereon which are not credited, and that there are no offsets to the same to the knowledge of affiant. If the claim be not due, or be contingent, when presented, the particulars of such claim must be stated. The probate court may-require satisfactory vouchers or proofs to be produced in support of any claim."
"SE. 4514. No action at law for the recovery of money only shall be brought in any of the courts of this State against any executor, administrator or guardian upon any claim or demand which may be presentedto the probate court except as provided in this code. No claim against a decedent shall be a-nharge against or lien upon his estate unless presented to the probate court as herein provided within five years after- the death of such decedent Prowded,That this provision shall not be construed as'affecting any lien existing at the date of'such death Prouded,fuwnther,That said provision shall not be construed as affecting the right of a creditor to recover from the next of kin, legatee. or devisee to the extent of assets received. This ,provision shall be applicable to the estate of persons who died prior as well as to those who may die after adoption of this code."
"SEC. 4517. Upon the allowance or disallowance of any claim the court shall make its order allowing or disallowing the same. The order shall contain, the date of allowance atqd the amount allowed, the amount disallowed, and be attached to the claim with the offsets if any"
"SEC. 4522. In case of appeal from the allowance or disallowance of any claim in whole or in part, the District Court shall certify to the probate court the decision or judgment rendered therein."
Section 4665 provides for an appeal to the District Court. Section 4668 provides for serving notice of appeal. -Section 4612 provides that the District Court shall try the case as if prigibially commenced in that court. Section 4613 provides that pleadings shall be made up as in civil actions, and the issuis of fact tried as in other actions.

SECURITY TRUST CO. v. BLACK RIVER NAT'L BK. 219
Opinion of the Court.
Section 4676. In case of a reversal or modification of the order appealed from the District Court makes such order as the probate court. should have made, and certifies its judgment to the probate court.
"SEc. 4730. The probate court may, at any time, correct, modify or amend its records to conform with the facts in the same manner as a District Court."
State ex rel. L'ndehugel v Probate Court of Sibley County, 33 Minnesota, 9,, 96, was an application to the District Court for a writ of prohibition to the probate court, the latter court having granted a petition to set aside a sale of real estate confirmed by the probate court, and it was held by the Supreme Court of the State that there was no jurisdiction in the probate court, saying
"The want of jurisdiction in this case is still further emphasized by the fact that the administration has been closed by the allowance of the administrator's accounts and his discharge, and there is no attempt to reopen it. So long as it remains closed the probate court has no more jurisdiction over the estate, or the property belonging to it, or which once belonged to it, than if there never had been any administration and there was no attempt to institute one. The jurisdiction of the court has been fully exhausted, and it can do nothing further unless it is restored in the manner pointed out in the statute."
In State ex rel. Danav ProbateCourt of Ranmey County, 40 Minnesota, 296, 299, where, upon an application for the final settlement of his accounts by the administrator of an estate and for a final discharge, the probate court made an ordeiallowing the account and discharging the administrator, such order was held by the Supreme Court to be -a final order discharging the administration of the estate, and that, as a final decree discharging the administration, it operated to discharge the lien of creditors upon real estate which might have been previously sold to pay. debts. The opinion of the court was thus expressed:
"The object of the application on the part of the acting administrator was to submit his final account and close the administration. The order made was evidently so intended, and must be

OCTOBER TERI. 1902.
Opmion of the Court.
construed as a final order discharging the administration of the estate. The parties had their remedy by appeal, but the order could not be attacked collaterally or treated as void, so as to warrant subsequent proceedings to reach the real estate, as if the administration was still in progress and the estate still un,settled.
"The omission of the land from the inventory, and the subsequent discovery of the real estate of the deceased which was not reduced to assets by the administrator or distributed to the heirs, do not operate to revive the administration and open the judgment, or warrant further proceedings. The land descended to the heirs, subject to the claims of administration upon it. The effect of a decree assigning the real estate to the heirs is simply to discharge it from the administration, and, of course, the final discharge of the administration must discharge the lien of the creditors."
In Schmzdt v Sta'k, 61 Minnesota, 91, 92, it was held that where the estate of a deceased person has been fully administered, and a decree of distribution has been made, assigning the residue of the estatb in the hands of the personal representative to the parties entitled thereto, the jurisdiction of the probate court is ended, and, if the personal representative does not 'deliver the property to the distributees, they may bring an action against him in the District Court. It was said, per Mitchell, J -
"The probate code neither authorizes nor provides for an assignment of any-part of the estate of a deceased person until after the estate is fully administered. It contemplates but one decree of distribution, by which the entire residue of the estate shall be assigned to those entitled to it, specifying the proportion or part to which each is entitled. Gen. Stats. 1894, secs. 46394642: Read in the.ligbt of the statute and of the admissions of the answer, we think the complaint would fairly admit of being construed as alleging that all this had been duly done, and that the proportion of the estate assigned to plaintiff was an undivided fifth. If this was the state of facts, the jurisdiction of the probate court over the property had ended. The effect of a decree of distribution is to transfer the title to the personalty and the right of possession of.the realty from the

SECURITY TRUST CO. v. BLACK RIVER NAT'L BK. 221
Opinion of the Court.
personal representative to the distributees, devisees or heirs. The property then ceases to be the estate of the deceased person, and becomes the individual property of the distributees, with the full right of control and possession, and with the right of action for it against the personal representative if he does not deliver it to them. If such an action is necessary, resort must be had to some other forum, for the probate court has no farther jurisdiction. .Hurley v Hamilton, 37 Minn. 160."
State ez rel. .atteson v. Probate Court of Ramsey County, 87 N. W Rep. 783, is the-last expression of the Supreme Court of Minnesota on this subject to which we have been referred. The syllabus, prepared by the court, is as follows
"1.The probate code of this State makes no provision for the formal discharge of an administrator, but the necessary legal effect of an order of the probate court allowing the final account of the administrator and its final deciee of distribution, assigning the whole of the estate to the heirs and distributees, is to remove the estate of the deceased from the jurisdiction of the court, and to render the office of administrator, which depends upon such jurisdiction, functus offlcw.
"2. After the estate has been so settled and assigned, and while the final decree of distribution remains unreversed and unmodified, the probate court has no jurisdiction to entertain a petition to issue a citation to the administrator requiring him to further account for the property belonging to the estate which is in his possession, or came into his possession."
The facts and law of the case were then stated in the opinion of the court
"Sumner W Matteson, a resident of the county of Ramsey, having real and personal property therein, died intestate on July 22, 1895. The Security Trust Company was duly appointed by the probate court of such county, on September 3, 1895, administrator of his estate, and it duly qualified as such, and duly filed in such court an inventory of such estate. The probate court, on the same day, by its order, which was duly published, limited the time for presenting claims against the estate to six months from the date of the order. All claims

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
against the estate presented to the court within the time limited and allowed by the court were paid by the administrator in the due course of administration. Thereafter, and on March 31, 1896, the administrator filed with the court its petition, representing that it had fully administered the estate, paid all the debts against the estate allowed by the court, and the expenses of administration, and asking for the allowance of its final acount, and the distribution of the residue of the estate to the persons entitled thereto. Such proceedings were thereafter duly had upon the petition, that the court, on April 27, 1896, allowed the final account" of the administrator, and nmade and entered its decree of distribution of the residue of the estate, describing it, and thereby assigned the property therein described and all other estate of the intestate in the State of Minnesota to his heirs and distributees, naming them, and determining the share of each. Afterwards, and on Nov.ember 21, 1896, the Security Trust Company filed with the probate court its petition, representing that in drafting such final decree certain clerical errors were made, stating them, whereby certain parcels of real estate were erroneously described therein, and other parcels omitted therefrom, and praying that the decree be amended so as to correct the errors. The court made its order so correcting the decree. Neither the order allowing the administrator's account nor the final decree of distribution has ever been opened or set aside. On December 15, next following, all the heirs and distributees named in the decree transferred and conveyed to the Matteson estate, incorporated, all the property so assigned to them by the fipal decree. But the Security Trust Company still has in its possessibn and now holds certain stocks as collateral security under a pledge madeto it by the intestatefor the payment of a-debt owed by him to it at the time of his death. The value of the stocks exceeds-the amount of the debt which they secured. No order has ever been made by the probate court in terms discharging -the administrator. The Black River National Bank, a non-resident creditor of the intestate, on January 4, 1897, made application to the probate court for leave to file its claim against his estate, and have it allowed, and paid out of

SECURITY TRUST CO. t,.BLACK RIVER NAT'L BK. 223
Opinion of the Cour.
the assets of the estate. Tins was denied by the court for the reason that the administration of the estate had been closed, and the court had no further jurisdiction in the premises. Afterwards the bank and another non-resident creditor each brought an action on their respective claims, which had never been presented to the probate court, against the Trust Company, -as administrator, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Minnesota. Such proceedings were had therein that judgment, on April 1r, 1890, was rendered in favor of the plaintiff in each case for the full amount claimed. against the administrator. The court directed the judgments to be certified to the probate court as claims duly established against the estate of the intestate, and it was done, but the administrator refused to take any steps for the payment of either of the judgments. Thereupon the relator herein presented to the probate court a petition asking it to issue a citation to the trust company, as such administrator, requiring it to file an account of any property in its possession belonging to such estate, and to report what disposition had been made ,9f the property inventoried as belonging thereto, and to pay so much of the judgments as could be paid from such property The court refused to entertain the petition, or to make any order in the premises, for the sole reason that it had no jurisdiction to take other or further steps irr the administration of the estate., The relator then sued out of the District Court' for the county of Ramsey an alternative writ of mandamus based upon the facts here stated, which was directed to the probate court and the judge thereof. The answer of the respondents was an admission of such facts, and upon them the District Court awarded judgment denying a peremptory writ of mandamus, and discharging the alternative writ. The relator appealed from the judgment to this court.
"The question presented by these facts for our consideration relates solely to the legal effect of the final decree of distribution, assigning the residue of the. estate of the decedent to the heirs and distributees, made by the probate court after the settlement and allowance of the final account of the administrator. Stated concretely, the question-is Did the jurisdiction of the

OCTO3ER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
probate court over the estate in question cease, and the office of the administrator become functus officzo, by force of the order of the court allowing the administrator's final account, and its final decree of distribution assigning the residue of the estate2 We answer the question in the affirmative. The jurisdiction of the probate court in Minnesota is not conferred by the common law, nor by any statute of the State, but by our constitution, and is limited to ' jurisdiction over the estates of deceased persons and persons under guardianship.' Const. art. 6, sec. 7. It follows that in cases where a court of probate acquires jurisdiction over the estate of a particular decedent such jurisdiction is ended, and the office of administrator, which depends upon such jurisdiction, becomes functus offlaw whenever such estate passes by operation of law from its final control. No argument can make this obvious proposition clearer, for it is self-evident that, if the jurisdiction is limited to the estate of such deceased person, and the sole basis of such jurisdiction, the estate passes from its control, and the right to the possession and control thereof vests by 6perataon of law in the heirs and distributees, it has no longer any jurisdiction in the premises. It is true that our probate code contains no provision for the formal discharge of an administrator, but the necessary theory and effect of its provisions as to the settlement of his account and the final decree of distribution, as interpreted by the repeated decisions of this court, are to divest the probate court of further jurisdiction when such final decree is made, and to render the office of administrator functus officmo, unless such decree is set aside on motion, or reversed on appeal. A clear illustration of this proposition is found in the decision of this court in the case of Hurley v Ha i ton, 3.7 Minnesota, 160, holding that the probate court had no jurisdiction to entertain proceedings for the partition of the real estate of a decedent among the heirs and devisees after the administration was closed, and the land assigned to them in common by a final decree of distribution, for the reason that, when such decree was entered, the property passed out of the control of the court, and it had no further jurisdiction."
The court then proceeded to cite and approve previous de-

SECURITY TRUST CO. v. BLACK RIVER NAT'L BK. 225
Opinion of the Cowt.
cisions, and particularly the language of Mitchell, J., in the case of Schmdt v Stark, 61 Minnesota, 91, hereinbefore quoted. Other observations were made by the court pertinent to the case before us, as follows
"It is, however, urged by counsel for the relator that the removal of the property, that is, the estate, from the jurisdiction of the probate court in nowise affects the continuance in office of the administrator of an estate. To hold otherwise, it is claimed, would be a divesting of the probate court of all authority to execute its decree of distribution, leaving the administrator in possession of the estate, and the heirs and distributees remediless. It necessarily follows from the concession of counsel, although notintended by him, that the office of administrator becomesfunctu8 offiw when the estate is removed, as a result of the decree of distribution, from the jurisdiction of the courtfor the office of administrator springs out of and depends for its continued existence upon the jurisdiction of the court over the estate. As well might it be claimed that the branch of a tree can live and put forth its leaves and blossoms after its roots are dead, as to claim that the office of administrator can survive the jurisdiction of the court over the estate of which administration was granted. It is not necessary for the probate court, if it could do so, to retain jurisdiction to enforce its final decree of distribution. The remedy of the distributees m case their respective shares of the residue of the estate are withheld from them by the administrator is an action in the- District Court against him or against him and his bondsmen. Schmdt v. Stark, 61 innesota, 91, Gray, Probate Law, secs. 48, 628.
"It is further urged on behalf of the relator that neither the probate court nor the administrator considered that the allowance of the final account and the entry of the decree of distribution ended the jurisdiction of the court, for it afterwards, on the petitin of the administrator, amended such decr6e. It is immaterial what they considered, for the view of either as to the effect of the decree could not change its legal result. The decree was corrected, not in the exercise of any jurisdiction over the estate, but by virtue of the power of the court to -amend its records to conform with the facts, that is to make the records
VOL. CLXXXVI-15

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
speak truly as to the past official acts of the court. Gen. Stat. 1894, sec. 4730.
"Lastly, it is urged by the relator that the administrator still has certain stocks in its possession belonging to the estate, and that it may also have after-discovered personal property of the intestate which it has not disclosed to any one. There is no basis for this assumption in the admitted facts, except that the trust company holds certain stocks as collateral to secure its individual debt against the intestate. But, were it otherwise, the fact still remains that all such stocks and after-discovered property, if any, passed by the decree to the heirs and distributees, for it assigns to them, not only the property therein specifically described, but also all other estate of the deceased in the State of iMinnesdta. It follows that the probate court rightly declined to issue the citation."
Some criticism is made, in the brief of the defendant in error, of the decision of the Supreme Court of Minnesota in this case, that the issue was feigned and an imposition upon the Supreme Court, and that the purpose of the decision was to forestall the decision of this court.
If, indeed, the judgment of the Supreme Court in that case were relied on as adjudging a case which had already passed into judgment in the Circuit Court of the United States we might readily agree, as urged by the defendant in error, that the decision of the Supreme Court of Minnesota "should receive little, if any, weight, by this court in the consideration of this case." But that decision is cited and relied on by the plaintiff in error, not as an adjudication of the facts in controversy here, but as an interpretation of the statutes of the State. Cases may be found where a decision made by a state Supreme Court, even in exposition of state statutes, after the institution of litigation in a Federal court, wherein this court has refused to follow such a decision, if in it the state court has departed from its previous decisions, which were in force and relied upon by the Federal suitor Burgess v Seligman, 107 U S.20, 33, Caxrroll County V Smith, 111 U. S.556.
Here, however, the Supreme Court of. Minnesota, in its last opinion, did not depart from or modify its previous decisions

SECURITY TRUST CO. v. BLACK RIVER NAT'L BK. 221
Opinion of the Court.
on the subject. On the contrary, it based its reasoning and conclusions upon its frequent previous .decisions.
Nor are we permitted on the record in that case to impute to the parties therein an attempt to mislead the dourt or to improperly invoke its jurisdiction. The case seems to have gone before the probate court, the District Court and the Supreme Court, in the usual course of procedure, and the decision finally rendered by the Supreme Court must be received by us as a valid exposition of the law
The conclusion to which we are brought, by an examination of the statutes of the State of :Minnesota and of the decisions of the courts of that State in construing and applying them, is, that had a suit against-an administrator of an estate been brought in the courts of that State, after the expiration of the period limited by the order of the probate court, m which creditors may present claims against the deceased for examination and allowance, and after an allowance of the administrator's final account, and a final decree of distribution, such suit could not have been maintained.
We are now to consider whether such a suit can be successfully maintained in a Federal court by a non-resident owner of a claim against the estate of a decedent.
Some general principles have become so well settled as to require only to be stated. One of these is that a foreign creditor may establish his debt in the courts of the United States against the personal representative of a decedent, notwithstanding the fact that the laws of the State relative to the administration and settlement of decedents 'estates do in terms limit' the right to establish such demands to a proceeding in the probate courts of the State. Urnon Ban, of Tennfessee v Jelly's Ad"'rs, 18 How 503, lawrence v Nelson, 143 U. S. 215, Byers v .MeAu~ey, 149 U S. 608.
Another principle, equally well settled, is that the courts of the United States, in enforcing claims against executors and administrators of a decedent's estate, are administering the laws of the State of the domicile, and are bound by the same rules that govern the local tribunals. Aspden v _Ariror,'4 How 467, 498.

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opmion of tho Court.
"The Circuit Courts of the United States, with full equity powers, have jurisdiction over executors and administrators, where the parties are citizens of different States, and will enforce the same rules in the adjustment of claims against them that the local courts administer in favor of their own citizens." Walker v Walker's E'r, 9 Wall. 743, 754.
In Yonley v Lave-nder, 21 Wall. 276, it was decided that while a non-resident creditor may get a judgment in a Federal court against a resident administrator, and come in on the estate according to the law of the State for such payment as that law, marshalling the rights of creditors, awards to creditors of his class, yet he cannot, because he has obtained a judgment in a Federal court, issue execution and take precedence of other creditors who have -no right to sue in the Federal courts, and if he do issue executibn and sell lands, the sale is void.
The reasoning of this case is worthy of quotation "The several States of the Union necessarily have full control over the estates of deceased persons within their respective limits, and we see no ground on which the validity of the sale in question can be sustained. To sustain it would be in effect to nullify the administration laws of the State by giving to creditors out of the State greater privileges in the distribution of estates than creditors in the State enjoy It is easy to see, if the non-resident creditor, by stung in the Federal courts of Arkansas, acquireg a right to subject the assets of the estate to seizure and sale for the satisfaction of his debt, which he could not do by suing in the state court, that the whole estate, in case there were foreign creditors, might be swept away Such a. result would place the judgments of the Federal court on a higher grade than the judgments of the state court, necessarily produce conflict, and render the State powerless in a matter over which she has confessedly full control. Besides this it would give to the contract of a foreign creditor made in Arkansas a wider scope than a similar contract made in the same State by the same debtor with a home creditor. The home creditor would have to await the due course of administration for the payment of his delkt, while the foreign creditor could, as soon as he got his judgment, seize and sell the estate of his

SECURITY TRUST CO. v. BLACK RIVER NAT'L BK. 229

Opinion of the Court.

debtor to satisfy it, and this, too, when the laws of the State in

force when both contracts were made provided another mode

for the compulsory payment of the debt. Such a difference is

manifestly unjust and cannot be supported.

The ad-

ministration laws of Arkansas are not merely rules of practice

for the courts, but laws limiting the rights of parties, and will

be observed by the Federal courts in the enforcement of indi-

vidual rights.

It is possible, though not probable,

that state legislation on the subject of the estates of decedents

might be purposely framed so as to discriminate injuriously

against the creditor living outside of the State, but if this

should unfortunately ever happen the courts of the United

States would find a way, in a proper case, to arrest the dis-

crimination, and to enforce equality of privileges among all

classes of claimants, even if the estate were seized by operation

of law and entrusted to a particular jurisdiction."

In .Vorgan v HMamlet, 113 U. S. 449, it was held that the

statute of Arkansas, that "all demands not exhibited to the

executor or administrator, as required by this act, before the

end of two years from the granting of letters, shall be forever

barred," begins, on thegranting of letters of administration, to

run against persons under age out of the State.

The doctrine of the case of Yonley v -Lavender,21 Wall.

276, was approved in Byers v. .AAzey, 149 U- S. 608,615,

wherein it was held that the administration laws of a State are

not merely rules of practice for the courts, but laws limiting

the rights of parties, to be observed by the Federal courts in the

enforcement of individual rights.

In Pulliam,v Pulliam,10 Fed. Rep. 53, 78, the distinction

between ordinary statutes of limitation and statutes of admin-

istration of the estates of decedents limiting the time within

which creditors must prove their clains, is pointed out in the re-

spect that the latter are rules of property as well as statutes of

limitation, and it was said by Hammond, J., after citing Upson

Bank v. Jolly's AdW's, 18 How 503, 504, Payne v Hook,

7 Wall. 425, 430, and other cases

"These cases, like many others, are only intended to protect

the judicial power of the United States from encroachment by

OCTOBER TERM. 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
preserving to it the remedies and forms of proceeding which are granted with it, and not at all to set it above the legislative control of the States in matters pertaining to their jurisdiction. The. cases cited from the Supreme Court do not, in my judgment, establish or in the least authorize the doctrine that state statutes, prescribing the time within which the creditor of a decedent must present or sue upon his claim in order to entitle him to share in the assets, and having the effect these do, are not binding on this court."
In .Dodd v Ghm.elin, 27 Fed. Rep. 405, involving the administration of a decedent's estate, it was contended that non-resident minors had a right to have the laws of the State of Missouri regulating the matter disregarded in the Federalcourt, but it was held otherwise, per Brewer, J That the law of the State providing for the settlement of a deceased person's estate is binding upon the Federal as well as upon the state courts.
In .liner v Aylesworth, 18 Fed. Rep. 199, it was held by the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Rhode Island, as against non-resident complainan -that, under
the Rhode Island statute, no suit can be commenced against an .administrator, as such, after three years from the time he gave public notice of his appointment. Bauserman v Blunt, 147 U S.6417, 652.
Applying these principles to the present case, it would seem clear that the defendant in error, as a citizen of the State of New York, and having a legal claim against the estate of S. W Matteson, deceased, had a right to elect to proceed to establish it by bringing a suit in the Circuit Court of the United States, and if he had brought his action against an existing administrator, the administration of the estate not having been closed under the statutory proceedings, and obtained a judgment, undoubtedly such a judgment, when presented to the probate court within the time fixed by its. order, must have been received by that court as a claim against the unadmimstered estate.
But can it be said that, if the foreign creditor delays proceedings in the Federal court .until after the time fixed by the

SECURITY TRUST CO. v. BLACK RIVER NAT'L BK. 231
Opinion of the Court.
order of the probate court for the presentment of claims had expired and after the final distribution of the estate had been effected, and after the final account of the administrator had been allowed and his office had become funeus ojffcw, and after all claims of local creditors had thus been precluded, he can use the Federal process to devolve a new responsibility upon the person who had acted as administrator, and to interfere with the rights of other parties, creditors or distributees, which had become vested under the regular and orderly administration of the estate under the laws of the State2
It is the policy of the State of Minnesota, like that of many of the States, to prescribe a shorter term of limitations to claims against the estates of decedents than claims against living persons. Can that policy be defeated by a ruling of the Federal courts that the provisions of the State in that regard do not apply to parties bringing suit in those courts 9 In that event, the very mischief pointed out and deprecated in Yonley v Lavender would ensue, that "The rights of those interested in the estate who are citizens of the State where the administration is conducted are materially changed, and. the limitation which governs them.does not apply to the fortunate creditor who happens to be a citizen of another State." The answer given to such a proposition by this court in the case just cited was "This cannot be so. The administration laws of Arkansas are not merely rules of practice for the courts, but laws limiting the rights of parties, and will be observdd by the Federal courts in the enforcement of individual rights."
Let us now examine, the reasoning employed by the Circuit Court of Appeals in reaching its conclusion in the present case. Having correctly held that, so far as the administration law of the State of Minnesota attempts to compel citizens of other States to establish demands against the estates of decedents only by a proceeding in the probate court of the State,,it is ineffectual to accomplish that object, the court proceeded to say
"-It is said, however, that although the statute in question may be ineffectual to compel non-resident creditors to submit their demands to the appropriate probate court for allowance,

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
yet, as a statute of limitations, it should be given effect to prevent the establishment of a demand in the Federal court of the State after such lapse of time that it cannot be established in the probate court. The vice of this argument, as applied to the case in hand, consists in the fact that the legislature of the State of Minnesota has not undertaken to bar any claim against a decedent's estate, absolutely, until after the lapse of eighteen months from the date of the order fixing the period of allowance, and in the case at bar that period had not expired when the action was commenced, to wit, on January 22, 1897. It is true that section 4509, when conferring the discretionary power to allow claims within eighteen months, imposes the limitation that they shall be allowed 'before final settlement,' and it is also true that the final account of Matteson's administrator had been submitted to and approved by the probate court before this action was commenced. But it must be borne in mind that the administration law, section 4523, confers upon the probate court the power to determine when the final settlement of an estate shall be made, and to allow as much as one year and six months for that purpose. We think that the Federal court must be conceded the same power, as respects the claim of a non-resident creditor, to allow it within eighteen months, which is conferred upon the probate courts of the State, and we are furthermore of opinion that the right of a non-resident creditor to sue for the establishment of his demand in the Federal court cannot be made to depend on the length of time that the probate court happens to allow for making a final settlement. If the Federal court gives effect to laws limiting the period for establishing claims in the probate courts of the State, which differ essentially from the general statute of limitations, it should only be required to apply the absolute bar arising from lapse of time which the legislature has erected. There is much reason, perhaps, for saying that citizens of other States ought not to be allowed to maintain an action in the Federal court against a local administrator or executor after the expiratmon of a period when, by the express command of the legislature, no such action can be maintained in the local courts, provided the period fixed by the legislature is reasonable, but

SECURITY TRUST CO. w,.BLACK RIVER NAT'L BK. 233
Opinion of the Court.
the right of a-non-resident creditor to bring his action in the national courts ought not to be conditioned or made to depend upon the time that -a local court chances to approve a final settlement, when the time of such"approval rests in its discretion, and is largely a matter of convenience. For these reasons; we conclude that the case in hand, the same having been brought within less than eighteen months after the order fixing the period for the allowance of claims was made, was lawfully entertained by the trial court.
"Another claim which is interposed by the administrator as a defence to this action is that the approval of its final account and the order of distribution made thereon by the probate court on April 27, 1896, closed the administration, and operated, without more, as a discharge of the administrator, so that there was in point of, fact no administrator when the suit at bar was instituted. This view evidently was not entertained by the probate court by which the administrator was appointed, since the record discloses that that court, as late as November 21, 1896, entertained a petition on the part of the administrator, and at its instance made an order, founded thereon, by which the decree of April 27, 1896, was amended and corrected in important respects. It is manifest that the probate court acted upon the theory that it had not lost jurisdiction over the admnnistrator, that it was still subject to its orders as to all matters pertaining to the estate, and would remain so until it had fully executed its decree and was formally dischargeil as administrator by an order made to that effect. And this assumption, on which the probate court appears to have acted, in our opinion was entirely correct. The order of distribution that was made on April 27, 1896, required certain acts to be done and performed by the trust company in its capacity as administrator, and until they had been done and performed, and the court had approved of the administrator's acts in that behalf, it was clearly subject to the orders of the probate court, and its functions as administrator had not ceased. The view contended for by the administrator is entirely untenable, since it would deny-to the probate courts of the State the right to enforce such orders relative to the distribution of estates as they may see fit to

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
make, leaving administrators, when final settlements are approved, in full possession of all the property then in their hands, and at liberty to deal with it as they please until they are called to account by some other tribunal than that from which they originally derived their authority We are satisfied, therefore, that under the laws of the State of Minnesota the approval of a final settlement, and an order of distribution made thereon, does not operate forthwith to discharge the administrator, but that its effect is to give the distributees a right to the possession of the property that has been assigned to them and a right to invoke the power of the probate court, as against the administrator, to compel obedience to its orders."
The validity of this reasoning depends, of course, upon the correctness of the construction put by the learned court on the state statutes, and, we as we have seen, in the cases cited, the Supreme Court of the State has placed an altogether different meaning on those statutes. They hold that the probate code of the State makes no provision for the formal discharge of an administrator, but the necessary legal effect of an order of the probate court, allowing the final account of the administrator and its final decree of distribution, assigmng the whole of the estate to the heirs and distributees, is to remove the estate of the deceased from the jurisdiction of the court, and to render the office of administrator, which depends upon such jurisdiction, fundts oflew, and that, after the estate has been so settled and assigned, and while the final decree of distribution remains unreversed and unmodified, the probate court has no jurisdiction to entertain a petition to issue a citation to the administrator requiring him to further account for the property belonging to the estate, which is in his possession, or came into his possession.
Adopting, then, the construction put upon -theadministration laws of Minnesota, by the Supreme Court of the State, we have only to consider the force of certain other suggestions of the court below, which are, in some measure, independent of those already considered.
It is argued, in the opinion of the Circuit Court of Appeals, that, because section 4523 confers upon the probate court the

SECURITY TRUST CO. v. BLACK RIVER.NAT'L BK. 235
Opinion of the Cout.
power to determine when the final settlement of an estate shall be made, and to allow as much as one year and six months for that purpose, the Federal court must be conceded the same power as respects the claim of a non-resident creditor, to allow it withinthe eighteen months, which is conferred upon the probate courts of the State. This suggestion is manifestly based on a misconception of the language and legal purport of section 4523. That language is as follows "The probate court at the time of granting letters testamentary or of administration shall make an order allowmg to the executor or administrator a reasonable time, not exceeding one year and six months, for the settlement of the estate."
So that, expressly the time for the settlement of the estate must be fixed by the probate court at the time when the letters of administration are granted, audit is provided, by the following section, that "the probate court may, upon good cause shown by the executor or administrator, extend the time for the settlement of the estate not exceeding one year at a time, unless in the judgment of the court alonger time be necessary"
These sections have nothing to do with the limitation prescribed for the proof or presentation of the claims of creditors, which is found in section 4509. M[oreover, in the present case, the court having fixed the period of six months within which the estate should be settled, the administrator, accordingly, having no good cause to show to the contrary, filed his final account of the settlement of the estate within the time so limited, and the account was allowed and the final decree of distribution made before the institution of the present suit.
Section 4509 provides that, at the time of the granting letters testamentary or of administration, the court shall make an order limiting the time in which creditors may present claims against the deceased for eKamination and allowance, which shall not be less than six months nor more than one year from the date of such order, and that no claim or demand shall be received after the expiration of the time so limited, unless, for good cause shown, the court may, in its discretion, receive, hear and allow such claim upon notice to the executor or administrator.

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opimon of the Court.
But it should be observed that such power to extend the time limit must be exercised, on good cause shown, "before final settlement," and, in the present case, no such good cause was shown, either to the probate court or to the Circuit Court of the United States, before final settlement. It is evident that the discretion to extend the time for proof of claims was to be appealed to for some good reason, that is, reason showing why the claim was not made or the suit brought before the expiration of the -time fixed in the original order.
The Circuit Court of Appeals admits that "there is much reason for saying that citizens of other States ought not to be allowed to maintain an action in the Federal court against a local executor or administrator after the expiration of a period when, by the express command of the legislature, no such action can be maintained in the local courts, provided the period fixed by the legislature is reasonable, but the right of a non-resident creditor to bring his action in the national courts ought not to be conditioned or made to depend upon the time that a local court chances to approve a final settlement when the time of such approval rests in its discretion and is largely a matter of convenience." But the legislation of Minnesota does not make the limit within which claims must be made against the estates of decedents to depend on the exercise of discretionary power by the courts. It does provide that the probate court shall fix a time within which chums must be presented, to wit, not less than six nor more than eighteen months. Between those limits of six and eiglhteen months the probate court may have power of discretionary action on good cause shown. But having once exercised that power, as in the present case, by fixing the term of probation at six months, any extension of that term could only be had, upon good cause shown, "before final settlement."
We are not called upon, by the facts of thb present case, to determine whether a Federal court might or might not, on good cause shown, extend the time in whmch a claim might be asserted against a decedent's estate beyond the term previously fixed by the probate court. But it is sufficient to say that, in the present case, no application was made to the Federal court to exercise such a power, either before or after the limitation prescribed

SECURITY TRUST CO. r,. DENT.
Syllabus.
under the state statute had expired. All that was before the Circuit Court of the United States was an action at law upon a cause of action against a decedent's estate, which, under the laws of the State of Minnesota, could not be maintained in the courts of that.State, because barred by the operation of the laws of the State regulating the administration of the estates of deceased persons. Moreover, it is obvious, and it has always been held, that the Circuit Court cannot, in the trial of an action at law, exercise the power of a court of equity An application to the Federal court to decree an extension of tine beyond the period previously prescribed .by the probate court would have to be made by a bill in equity, showing good cause. Scott v Ar1m8trong, 146 U. S. 499.
Following our previous and repeated decisions, that- the courts of the United States, when exercising jurisdiction over executors and administrators of the estates of decedents within a State, are administering the laws of that State, and are bound by the same rules which govern the local tribunals, we conclude, in the present case, that
The'judgment of the Circuit Court qf ppeals.9nust be 'eversed, thejudgment qf tihe Circuit Court zs also r'eversed, and the cause -isremanded to that court,:with directwns to enter judgment sn conformity with the opjrn'on of th's court.
SECURITY TRUST COMPANY v. DENT.
CERTIORARI TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE EIGHTH
CIRCUIT.
No. 42. Argued April 21, 22, 1902.-Decided December 1, 1902.
Where a case is originally brought to this court by writ of error, but it appears that the proper course was to have brought the final judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals for review by writ of certiorari, this court under the powers given by the judiciary act of March 3, 1891, may allow a writ of certiorari and direct that the copy of the record heretofore filed under the writ of error be taken and deemed as a sufficient return to the certiorari.

RAUB v. CARPENTER.
Counsel for Parties.
RAUB v. CARPENTER.
ERROR TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT. OF COLMBIA,
iNo. 64. Argued November 3, 4,1902-Decided December 1,1902.
At a special term for orphans' court business the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia admitted a will and codicil to probate, to which the plaintiffs in error (caveators below) filed their caveat; issues as tb mental capacity, fraud, coercion and undue influence were framed for trial by jury; on the trial a witness, who was a physician and a relative of deceased, after testifying in regard to certain facts as to health, actions of deceased, canse.of death and results of an autopsy, was asked, "Doctor, have you formed any opinion from your uncle's general. andition of health. and the conditions disclosed by his brain at this investigation, andfrom all you know about him yourse, what his condition of mind was ?" The trial court sustained the objection takeh by the caveators to the woras in italics on. the ground that no sufficient basis had been laid for that portion of the evidence, and that the facts relied upon In this particular should be first adduced. Held, that the exclusion was not error.
After the decree caveators moved to vacate on the ground that one of the jurors was incompetent propter delictum for service, but the trial court denied the motion, the record stating that the court was of the opinion that at the trial there was no evidence of menl incompetency, fraud or undue influence. Held, that the verdict and judgment were not absolutely void, and that it was within the discretion of the trial court to grant or deny the motion, and as no other verdict could have been rendered consistently with the facts, the presence of the juror objected to could not have operated to the prejudice of the plaintiffs in error, and as'there was nothing to show that injustice was done to them, the trial court did not abuse its discretion.
Wassuin v. Feeney, 121 Massachusetts, 93, cited in Kohl v. lehlback, 160 U. S. 293, 301, followed and Garrett v. Weinberg, 54 S. C. 127, distinguished.
I
THE case is stated in the opinion of the court.
M, Charles Poe and .M, Victor H. Wallace for plaintiffs in error.
.A" Joseph. A. Burkhart'and .M J J Darlington for defendant in error. '

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opimon of the Court.
MR. CHIzF JuSTICe FuLinR delivered the opinion of the court.
This is a writ of error to a judgment of the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia, affirming certain orders of the Supreme Court of the District, holding a special term for orphans' court business, admitting a will and codicil to probate and granting letters testamentary thereon, and denying a motion to vacate that decree.
Plaintiffs in error filed a caveat to the probate and record of the writings purporting to be the will and codicil, and issues, addressed to both, as to mental capacity, fraud or coercion, and undue influence, were framed for trial by jury
Trial was had, and on the conclusion of the evidence the court, at the request of the caveatees, instructed the jury that there was no evidence tending to show fraud, undue influence or coercion, and that on these issues the jury should render its verdict for the caveatees. To which the caveators made no objection, and preserved no exception. Three instructions in respect of the mental capacity of the deceased to make a valid will or codicil were given on behalf of the caveators as requested by them..
The jury returned a verdict June 15,. 1900, in favor of the caveatees. No motioli for a new trial was made within four days as required by rule 53 of the court, or prior to June 26, when the court entered an order and decree admitting the will and codicil to probate, and granting letters.testamentary thereon, from which an appeal was taken to the Court of Appeals.
Several exceptions were preserved to the rulings of the court in the progress of the trial, which were disposed of by the Court of Appeals satisfactorily as we think. But one of them has been pressed on our attention.
Dr. George B. Hemecke, a practicing physician m Washington, and a grandnephew of deceased, testified that he had known deceased ever., since he could recollect, and was accustomed to seeing him frequently, that he had seen-him when recovering from attacks of epilepsy-subsequently to the execution of the will and codicil, "that testator had stated to him that he was

RAUB v. CARPENTER.

Opinion of the Court.

a sufferer from urethal calculus., that on the .13th of March,

1896, he had seen the testator have a fainting spell," "that

he had on one occasion seen testator laughing to himself, that

on or about the 13th of February, 1899, during the blizzard,

the testator acted peculiarly about the snow in his yard ;-did

not know how it got in there, all of it, and went out there and

tried to get it removed;" and witness stated the result of the-au-

topsy and the cause of death. He was then asked the following

question: "Doctor, have you formed any opinion, from your

uncle's general condition of health and the conditions disclosed

by his brain at this investigation, andfroraaZI you know about

hzAm your8eZf, what his condition of mind was?"

-

To that portion of the question whch called for an opinion

from the witness from "all that you know about him yourself,"

the caveatees objected on the ground that no suffi6ient basis had

been laid for that portion of -the question, and that the facts

relied upon in this particular should be 'first adduced. The

court sustained the objection and caveators preserved an excep-

tion.

We agree with the Court of Appeals that the trial court did

not err in holding that portion of the question objectionable,

and, if so, the question as framed could not properly have been

allowed- to be propounded, though caveators were left free to

put it with the objectionable words omitted. Clearly the opin-

ion of the witness from facts he did not disclose was inadmissi-

ble. If heknew anything about the deceased other than what

he had stated, which aided him in arriving at a conclusion, that

knowledge should have been developed. 'Inthat particular the

question assumed the existence of facts for which there was no

foundation in the evidence.

So far as the conduct of the trial was concerned we find no

reversible error.

On July 16, 1900, twenty days after the decree was entered,

caveators moved 'that that decree be vacated on the ground that

one of the jurors was disqualified for service on the jury by the

fact that he was under the age of twenty-one years, and by the

fact that he had several times been convicted of the crime of

petty larceny in the police court of the District. The motion

VOL. CLXXXVI-11

OCTOBER TERI, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
was- supported by transcripts from the records of the police. court, and by. affidavits, sustaining both disqualifications, the affidavits also showing that at the beginning of the trial term of the court at which they had been summoned, the jurors had all been examined on their vow- dire by the presiding justice as to their qualifications to serve on the jury, that the juror now charged to -be disqualified had then and there falsely-answered that he was over the age of twenty-one years, and -had never been convicted of crime, that one of the counsel for the caveators was present in court at the time of such examination, and that the falsehood of the statements of the juror in question was not known to the caveators or' their counsel until after the entry of the order now sought to be vacated. The motion to vacate was denied, the record stating "the court further being of opinion that at the trial theie was no evidence of mental mcompetency, fraud, or undue influence."
From this order the caveators took their second appeal. Viewed as an ordinary motion for a new trial, the motion was not seasonably made under the rules, nor is it contended that the judgment came within the Maryland act of 1787, ch. 9, see. 6, 2 Kilty, Spalding v Crawford, 3 App. D. 0. 361, as having been obtained by fraud, deceit, surprise or irregularity in the sense of that s'tatute. But it rests on the power of the court to set aside a judgment at the term at which it is rendered under circumstances calling for the exercise of its discretion in that regard, or on the assumption that the trial and verdict were absolutely void because of the incompetency of the juror. By section 872 of the Revised Statutes relating to the District of Columbia, as amended by the act of March 1, 1889, 25 Stat. 749,it is provided, "No person shall be competent to act as a juror unless he be a citizen of the United States, a resident of the District of Columbia, over twenty-one and under sixty-five years of age, and a good and lawful man, who has never been convicted of a felony or misdemeanor involving moral turpi"tude."
Treating the application as open to consideration by reason, of the discovery of the existence of the alleged objection after,

RAUB v. CARPENTER. '

163

Opinion of the Court.

verdict and judgment, but 'as amounting to no more than a motion for new trial made in apt time, it was within the discretion of the trial court to grant or deny it, andd the Court-of Appeals held that the order denying it was not appealable. But the court also held that the discretion of the trial court was properly exercised; that there was not only noevidence in sup. port of the charges of "fraud, undue influence, circumvention or coercion," which was conceded, but that "the charge of mental unsoundness is wholly unsustained and without any support whatever in the testimony;" and that the trial court would have been fully justified in peremptorily directmg a verdict-on this issue as well-as on the others, as that court in the order appealed from intimated it would have done if requested. In short, the two courts agreed that the facts were with the caveatees, and, unless clearly erroneous, which does not-appear, we should accept their finding. T]owmon v .Xoore, 173 U. S.11, 25.
And as the verdict was the only vefdict that could be rendered consistently with the facts, the presence of this juror in the box could not have operated to the prejudice of plaintiffs in error.
In 'Was8um v. Feeney, 121 Massachusetts, 93, the rule that "when a party has had an opportunity.of challenge, no disqualification of a juror entitles him.'to a new trial after verdict," was applied, and it was held that "a verdict will not be set. aside because one of the jurors was an infant, where his name was on the list of jurors returned'and empaneled., though the losing party did not known of the infancy until after the. verdict." And Mr. Justice Gray, then Chief Justice of Massachusetts, delivering the opinion, cited, among other cases, Hill v Yas, 12 East, 229, where the son 6f a juryman unlawfully served in his father's place, and pointed out that Lord Ellenborough there "said that he had mentioned the case to all the,judges, and they were all of opinion that it was a matter within their discretion to grant or refuse a new trial on such a ground, that if no injustice had been done, they would not interfere in this mode."
Wamum v. Feeney was cited with approval and quoted from in Koh2 v. LekhAack, 160 U. S. 293, 301, as in accordance with the great weight of authority This case involved.the disquali-

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.

Opimon of theCourt.

fication of alienage, but did not require the determination of the

question, "whether, where the defendant is without fault and

may have been prejudiced, a mew trial may not be granted on

such a ground," though it was referred to.

Garrettv Weinberg, 54: S. C. 127, is relied on by plaintiffs in

error as ruling in a civil case that a new trial should be granted

when a disqualified juror sat, the parties or their attorneys not

knowing of the disqualification until after verdict. But that

was a case of a motion for,new trial made in the ordinary way,

and the juror was held disqualified under the express provisions

of the constitution of the State,. which in that respect were held

to be mandatory, so that the jury was not a ".constitutional

jury," but the court did not intimate that the incompetency

rendered the verdict and judgment void, and, on the contrary,

treated ignorance of the fact until after trial as material.

In Zohl v Lehlback, we held that "the disqualification of

alienage is cause of challenge propte' defectum, on account of

personal objection, and if, voluntarily, or through negligence,

or ivant of knowledge, such objection fails to be insisted on, the

conclusion that the judgment is thereby invalidated is wholly

inadmissible. The defect is not fundamental as affecting the

substantial rights of the accused, and the verdict is not void for

want of power to render it." Hollingsworthv. Duane,Wall.

0. 0. 147, was referred to, where the court placed alienage, in-

fancy, infamy, and affinity, in the same category See Goadv

State, 106 Tennessee,. 175, State v. Powers, 10 Oregon, 145,

where disqualification lyropter delictum was held not to be in

itself fatal after verdict.

No reason is perceived why this particular objection could

not be waived by the parties and even where a party by rea-

son of excusable want of knowledge might be entitled to claim

that he, had not waived it, that would go to the merits on ap-

plication for new tria1 and not to the want of power. The verdict and judgment not being absolutely void, it is unneces-

sary to pursue the subject further, as there is nothing to show

that injustice was done to caveators, and the trial court did not

abuse its discretion in the premises.

Judgment afmwed.

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.

Syllabus.

provisions for testing such qualifications are reasonable in their nature, a party must comply with them, and has no right to

practice his profession in defiance thereof.

It is further insisted that having once engaged in the practice

and having been licensed so to do, he had a right to continue in

such practice, and that this statute was in the nature of an t,

postfacto law. The case of .Hawkerv. N3few Yoek, suj'a,is decisive upon this question. This statute does not attempt to pun-

ish him for any past offence, and in the most extreme view can

only be considered as requiring continuing evidence of his qual-

ifications as a physician or surgeon. As shown in Dent v. ]Vest

Virgin ia, szTra, there is no similarity between statutes like this

and the proceedings which were adjudged void in Cumiwings v.

.issouri, 4 Wall. 277, and Ex parte Gailand,4 Wall. 333.

We fail to see anything in the statute which brings it Nithin

the inhibitions of the Federal Constitution, and therefore the

judgment of the Supreme Court of Michigan is

4/firmed.

MIR. JusTICE HARLAN concurs in the result.

LEACH v. BURR.
APPEAL FROM THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 145. Argued January 27, 1903.-Decided February 23, 1903.
Where an order is made on Friday by the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia in pursuance of the act of June 8, 1898, 30 Stat. 434, which requires publication of a notice at least twice a week for a period of not less than four weeks, two publications in each successive seven days, commencing on the day of the entry of the order, is sufficient. Such an order does not require two publications for four weeks, each of which commences Sunday and ends Saturday.
A party who in response to a published notice appears and goes to trial without objection or seeking further time cannot thereafter b heard to question the sufficiency of the notice,

LEACH e. BURR.
Opinion of the Court.
On a proceeding to probate a will in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia the burden of proof is on the caveators and if they fail to sustain this burden and butone conclusion can be drawn from the testimony, the trial court has power to direct a verdict. When that court has (lone so and its action has been approved by the unanimous judgment of the Court of Appeals, this court will rightfully pay deference to such action and opinion.
THE case is stated in the opinion of the court.
-M'. George F. Hoar and Mr. MiVlliam A. .Meloy for plaintiffs in error.
X r. J. J. Darlington, for defendant in error. Mir. I. B.
Behrend was on the brief.
-MR. JUsTicE BREWER delivered the opinion of the court.
Plaintiffs in error, caveators in the trial court, seek a review of the order of the Supreme Court of the District, holding a special term for orphans' court business, in admitting to probate the will of Ezra W. Leach. The order was entered March 17, 1900, and on appeal was sustained by the Court of Appeals of the District, November 6, 1900. 17 D. C. App. 128. Thereupon this writ of error was sued out.
Whatever may have been the fact theretofore, it is not seriously questioned that by the act of June 8, 1898, 30 Stat. 434, the trial court had jurisdiction to entertain the application for probate, for by section 2 of that act it is provided that "plenary jurisdiction is hereby given to the said court holding the said special term to hear and determine all questions relating to the execution and to the validity of any and all wills devising any real estate within the District of Columbia and of any and all wills and testaments properly presented for probate therein, and to admit the same to probate and record in said special term." The specific objection to its action is an alleged defect in the publication required in case any party in interest is not found, the statute (see. 6) providing that the court "shall order publication at least twice a week for a period of not less than four weeks of a copy of the issues and notification of trial in some newspaper of general circulation in

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
the District of Columbia, and may order such other publication as the case may require." The order was made on January 26, 1900, setting the hearing for February 26, 1900, and was "that this order and a copy of said issues heretofore framed shall be published twice a week for four weeks in The Evening Star." Publication was made January 26 and 30, February 2, 6, 9, 13, 16 and 20. There were, therefore, two publications in each successive seven days from the date of the order. January 26 was on Friday. The contention is that the work "week" means that series of days called a week commencing Sunday and ending Saturday, and that under this construction there was only one publication in the last week. Ronkendo;/f v. Taylor's Lessee, 4 Pet. 349, is cited as authority. In that case notice of a tax sale was required "by advertising, once a week, in some newspaper printed in the city of Washington, for three months," and it was held that this did not require a publication on the same day in each week, the court saying (p. 361):
"A week is a definite period of time, commencing on Sunday and ending on Saturday. By this construction, the notice in this case must be held sufficient. It was published Monday, January the 6th, and omitted until Saturday, January the 18th, leaving an interval of eleven days; still, the publication on Saturday was withinthe week succeeding the notice of the 6th."
But the language of this statute is not " for four weeks," but "for a period of not less than four weeks," and the words of the order must be construed in the light of the statute. A like difference was called to the attention of the court in Early v. ifomans, 16 How. 610, where the publication was to be "once in each week, for at least twelve successive weeks," and commenting thereon it was said (p. 617):
"The preposition, for, means of itself duration when it is put in connection with time, and as all of us use it in that way, in our everyday conversation, it cannot be presumed that the legislator, in making this statute, did not mean to use it in the same way. Twelve successive weeks is as definite a designation of time, according to our division of it, as can be made. When we say that anything may be done in twelve weeks, or that it shall not be done for twelve weeks, after the happening of a

LEACH c. BURR.
Opinion of the Court.
fact which is to precede it, we mean that it may be done in twelve weeks or eighty-four days, or, as the case may be, that it shall not be done before."
Further, the object of a notice is to enable the parties affected thereby to be present and obtain a hearing. The caveators appeared and without seeking further time, for the purpose of securing additional testimony or preparing for the hearing, went to trial on the issues submitted to the jury. They at least cannot claim to be prejudiced by any defect in the notice.
But the substantial question is whether the court erred in taking the case from the jury and directing a verdict sustaining the will. The questions submitted for consideration were whether the testator was at the time of executing the will "of sound mind, capable of executing a valid deed or contract;" whether the will was "procured by the threats, menaces and duress exercised over him (the testator) by Samuel I. Lucas or any other person or persons," and whether it was "procured by the fraud of Samuel H. Lucas or any other person or persons."
Although jurors are the recognized triers of questions of fact, the power of a court to direct a verdict for one party or the other is undoubted, and when a court has done so and its action has been approved by the unanimous judgment of the direct appellate court, we rightfully pay deference to their concurring opinions. Patton,v. Texas d Pacific Railway Company, 179 U. S. 658, and cases cited. An examination of the testimony satisfies us that there was no error in directing the verdict. The testator was seventy-three years old, white, childless, unmarried, his nearest relatives being cousins, the plaintiffs in error. He had lived in this District for at least twenty years. He was a man positive in his opinions, not easily influenced, of strong religious convictions and much attached to his church. His business was that of a florist. He owned two or three parcels of real estate of the value of about $8000, and also a little personal property worth something like $300. The devisee was Samuel H. Lucas, a young colored man, with whom alone be had kept house for ten or a dozen years, such relation commencing at his invitation and continuing by his wish. For some years Lucas had the general management of the business. Testator's illness
VOL. CLXXxvIIi-33

OCTOBER "TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
was brief, lasting only eight days. Ie died on December 21, 1896, between 12 and 1 o'clock. Early in the morning of that day, between 9 and 10 o'clock, the pastor of the church to which he belonged called, and to him he said:
"Pastor, I did not expect to go so early; there are some things which I wanted to perform and have neglected. I wanted to give the church a parsonage. I cannot do it now; it is too late. I will be unable on account of the laws of Maryland, which apply to the District of Columbia, to do anything of that sort, for they will not allow a man to do anything of that sort within thirty days of the time of his death. I want you to prepare the papers and turn everything over to Sam."
Thereupon the pastor sent for a notary and prepared a deed conveying the real estate to Lucas. After that had been executed the pastor, who had never before prepared a deed, suggested that possibly he had not got everything in just right, and that if the testator wanted to make sure he could make a will. The testator then asked the notary to draw up a will, and it was drawn up and executed. At the time he directed the preparation of the deed he told Lucas what he would like to have done in reference to the parsonage, and Lucas replied that he would carry out his wishes. There was not a syllable of testimony, not a hint, that Lucas, or any other person, requested or suggested any disposition of the property. All that was done was done at the instance and upon the request of the testator. The caveators called four witnesses as to his mental condition, only one of whom was present at any time during his sickness, and that the pastor above referred to. So far from their testimony tending to show mental weakness, it was abundant and emphatic that he was a man of positive convictions, clear-headed, though perhaps eccentric in some views, but at all times fully capable of making his own contracts and attending to his own affairs. The testimony of the pastor who, as stated, was present on the morning of his death and detailed the circumstances of that interview, shows that his mind was then clear, that he knew what he was doing, and was simply attempting to carry out by the deed and the will that which had been for a long time his intention. Neither his attending

LEACH v. BURR.
Opinion of the Court.
physician, the notary, the executor, nor Lucas were called as witnesses, although all were present that morning. Evidently the caveators were content to rest their case in this respect upon the evidence of the pastor. Seven physicians were called who, upon a hypothetical question, substantially concurred that it was contrary to their experience and reading that a man seventy-three years of age, dying of acute pneumonia, should have testamentary capacity between three and four hours before death. The only evidence of the cause of his death was the certificate from the health department, which named as such cause broncho-pneumonia. One of these seven physicians testified (and he alone gave evidence in that respect) that the unconsciousness preceding death from acute pneumonia was not characteristic of death from bronchial pneumonia, and that the circumstances disclosed by the pastor would tend to show that there was not mental inability to make a valid deed or contract. That acute pneumonia, especially in one of his age, would ordinarily cloud the intellect for hours before death would be irrelevant to the question of his mental condition that morning, unless it was shown that he was suffering from such disease, and that does not appear.
From this direct testimony but one conclusion could be drawn, and that in favor of the mental soundness of the testator at the time he made the will. Nor is the caveators' case strengthened by that which counsel so forcibly presented to our attention, to wit, the right of a jury to take into consideration that which is common knowledge and springs from the ordinary experiences and relations of life. The testator was a white man, the devisee colored, and race prejudice we all know exists. But this testator, eccentric in his views and of positive convictions, is shown to have made this colored man his business and household companion for years. Such continued intimacy, excluding other parties therefrom, is satisfactory evidence that he at least was not moved by such prejudice. The potency of blood relationship is also appealed to, but affection between cousins is often not very strong. The testator lived in this District while the caveators lived in New England, and the testimony fails to show that he visited them or they him;

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
that they ever even corresponded, or that the caveators ever manifested any interest in him or his until after his death, when they asserted a right to inherit his property.
Upon questions of this kind submitted to a jury the burden of proof, in this District at least, is on the caveators. Dunlop v. Peter, 1 Cranch C. C. 403. See also iliggins v. Carlton, 28 Maryland, 115, 143 ; Tyson v. Tyson's .Er'ecwtors, 37 Maryland, 567. The caveators in the present case failed to sustain this burden, and we are of the opinion that the trial court did not err in directing a verdict against them.
The judgment is Affirmed.
SCHAEFER v. WERLING.
ERROR TO TIE SUPREME COURT OF TIE ST&ATE .OF INDIANA.
No. 151. Argued January 27, 28, 1903.-Decided February 23, 1903.
The construction placed by the highest courts of the State upon a statute providing for paving streets and distributing the assessment therefor is conclusive upon this court.
Where a person attacking the validity of an assessment claims that the city is estopped from proceeding to collect the benefits assessed upon lots, the owner whereof objected in writing, and which objections were placed on file by the common council, the question, so far as such estoppel is concerned, is purely state, and not Federal.
Within repeated decisions of this court the statute in question in this case is not in conflict with the Constitution of the United States.
THE case is stated in the opinion of the court.
.r'. S. ff. Sayler and _l'. IF I. Dudley for plaintiff in error.
.ir. John C. Chaney for defendant in error. Air. A1)phonso fHart, -i%. TFilliam H. Bahrt, .-r.John G. Cline and .r. Clifford F. Jackman were on the brief.
IR. JUSTICE BREWER delivered the opinion of the court.
In September, 1892, the plaintiff in error, the owner of five

SNYDER v. BETTMAN.

190 U. S.

Statement of the Case.

2. That if the legality of such trial and conviction is to be tested alone by the Joint Resolution of 1898, then the law is for the accused, because Congress, by that Resolution, abrogated or forbade the enforcement of any municipal law of Hawaii so far as it authorized a trial for an infamous crime otherwise than in the mode prescribed by the Constitution of the United States; and that any other construction of the Resolution is forbidden by its clear, unambiguous words, and is to make, not to interpret, the law.
The judgment of the District Court of the United States for Hawaii discharging the accused should be affirmed.

SNYDER t. BETTMAN.
ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF OHIO.
No. 230. Argued April 7, 8, 1903.-Decided June 1, 1903.
This court has determined that Congress has power to tax successions; that the States have the same power, and that such power of the States extends to bequests to the United States; it follows that Congress has the same power to tax the transmission of property by legacy to States or to their municipalities.
The exercise of that power in neither case conflicts with the proposition that neither the Federal nor a state government can tax the property or agencies of the other, as the taxes are not imposed upon the property itself but upon the right to succeed thereto.
THIS was an action brought by the executor of David L. Snyder against the collector of internal revenue to recover $22,000, succession tax upon a legacy of $220,000, bequeathed to the city of Springfield, Ohio, in trust to expend the income in the maintenance, improvement and beautifying of a public park of the city, known as Snyder Park, including any extension thereof which said city.might acquire. Such tax having been paid under protest, this action was brought to secure a refunding of the same.

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.

Opinion of the Court.

190 U. S.

A demurrer to the petition having been overruled by the Circuit Court, and final judgment entered, the case was brought here by writ of error.
-Mr.J. . Bowman for plaintiff in error.

.Air. Assistant Attorney GeneralBeck for defendant in error.

Mr. JusTIcE BioWN, after making the foregoing statement, delivered the opinion of the court.

This case involves the single question whether it is within the power of the Federal government, and within the spirit of the act of Congress of June 13, 1898, 30 Stat. 448, as amended March 2, 1901, 31 Stat. 946, to impose a succession tax upon a bequest to a municipal corporation of a State for a corporate
and public purpose.
The case is to a certain extent the converse of those of the United ,States v. Perkins, 163 U. S. 625, and Plummer v. Cole,', 178 U. S. 115. In the first of these we held it to be within the competency of the State of New York to impose a similar tax upon a bequest to the Federal government, incidentally deciding (1) that the inheritance tax of the State was "in reality a limitation upon the power of a testator to bequeath his property to whom he pleases; a declaration that, in the ex-
ercise of that power, he shall contribute a certain percentage for the public use; " and (2) that the tax was not a tax upon the property itself, but upon its transmission by will or descent. In Plummer v. Joler we held the incidental fact that the property bequeathed is composed in whole or in part of Federal
securities, did not invalidate the state tax or the law under. which it was imposed, although it was accepted as undeniable that the State could not, in the exercise of the power of taxation, tax obligations of the United States, and, correlatively, that bonds issued by a State, or under its authority by its municipal bodies, were not taxable by the United States.
It is insisted, however, that the case under consideration is distinguished from those above cited, in the fact that the inheritance tax of New York was but a condition annexed to the power of a testator to dispose of his property by will, and

SNYDER v. BETTMAN.

190 U. S.

Opinion of the Court.

that such power, being purely statutory, the State has the right to annex such conditions to it as it pleases. The case, then, really resolves itself into the question whether the authority to lay a succession tax arises solely from the power i'o regulate the descent of property, or, as well from the independent general power to tax, or, as expressed in the Constitution, art. I, sec. 8, "to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises." The difficulty with this proposition of the plaintiff is that it proves too much. If it be true that the right to impose such taxes arises solely from the right to regulate successions, then a denial of such right goes to the whole power of the government to impose a succession tax, irrespective of the question whether the legacy is made to a private individual or to an agent of the State, and the cases in this court upholding the power of the Federal government to lay such tax
were wrongly decided. That question was exhaustively considered by this court in
Knowlton v. M7oore, 178 U. S.41, in which the constitutionality of this law was attacked upon four grounds: (1) That the taxes imposed were direct taxes, and not apportioned according to the population; (2) if not direct, they were levied on rights created solely by a state law, depending for their con-
tinued existence on the consent of the several States; (3) because they were not uniform throughout the United States; (4) that the rate of tax was determined by the aggregate amount of the personal estate of the deceased, and not by the sum of the legacies or distributive shares. It was held, following the cases of LTited States v. Perkins, 163 U. S. 625, and 2agoun v,l7linois Trust & Savings Bane, 170 U. S.283, that an inheritance tax was not one upon property but upon the succession. The question involved here, as to the power of Congress to levy a succession tax, was considered, and it was said by Mr. Justice White (p. 56): "The proposition that it
cannot rests upon the assumption that, since the transmission
of property by death is exclusively subject to the regulating authority of the several States, therefore the levy by Congress of a tax on inheritances or legacies, in any form, is beyond the power of Congress, and is an interference by the national gov-

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.

Opinion of the Court.

190 U. S.

ernment with a matter which falls alone within the reach of state legislation." This proposition was pronounced a fallacy (V. 59): "In legal effect, then, the proposition upon which the argument rests is that wherever a right is subject to exclusive regulation, by either the government of the United States on the one hand or the several States on the other, the exercise of such rights as regulated can alone be taxed by the government having the mission to regulate." In this connection was cited the power of the States to tax imported goods after they had been commingled with the general property of the State,
as well as vehicles engaged in interstate commerce. Continuing, it was further said (page 60): "It cannot be
doubted that the argument when reduced to its essence, dem-
onstrates its own unsoundness, since it leads to the necessary conclusion that both the national and state governments are divested of those powers of taxation which from the foundation of the government admittedly have belonged to them. Under our constitutional system both the national and the state governments, moving in their respective orbits, have a common authority to tax many and diverse objects, but this does not cause the exercise of its lawful attributes by one to be a curtailment of the powers of government of the other, for if it did there would practically be an end of the dual system
of government which the Constitution established." This case must be regarded as definitely establishing the
doctrine that the power to tax inheritances does not arise solely from the power to regulate the descent of property, but from the general authority to impose taxes upon all property within the jurisdiction of the taxing power. It has usually happened that the power has been exercised by the same government which regulates the succession to the property taxed; but this power is not destroyed by the dual character of our government, or by the fact that under our Constitution the devolution of property is determined by the laws of the several States.
The principles laid down in Zinowltow, v. .kroo-re were reiterated in 3urdoco v. Mard,178 U. S. 139, although the case was decided upon the authority of Pluner v. Coler.
If it be true that it is beyond the power of Congress to im-

SNYDER v. BErTMANN.

190 U. S.

Opinion of the Court.

pose an inheritance tax because the descent of property is regulated by state statutes, it would be difficult to support its power to impose stamp taxes upon commercial and legal instruments, since the conveyance, regulation and transmission of all property is governed by the laws of the several States. Particularly would this be so with reference to stamp duties imposed upon documents connected with the devolution of the property of a deceased person. And yet, as stated in REnowlton v. Moore, (page 50,) Congress, as early as 1T97, imposed a stamp duty, not only upon receipts or other discharges for or on account of any legacy, or for a share of personal estate divided under the statute of distributions, proportioned to the amount of the legacy or such distributive share, but in the internal revenue act of 1862, 12 Stat. 432, 483, a tax was imposed upon the probate of wills and letters of administration, proportioned to the value of the estate. Not only this, but the same statute imposed a tax upon writs, or other original process, by which suits are commenced in any court of record, exempting only processes issued by justices of the peace, or in suits begun by the United States, or any State. This act was treated as
applicable to the state courts, although its constitutionality
may well be doubted. Referable to the same principle is the power of Congress to
tax occupations which can only be carried on by permission of the state authorities and under conditions prescribed by its laws
-such, for instance, as the profession of a lawyer or physician, or the business of dealing in spirituous liquors, for which licenses are required under the laws of nearly all the States. While the power of Congress to impose such taxes may never have
been expressly affirmed by this court, it does not seem to have been seriously questioned, and is a legitimate inference from .XoGuire v. The Commonwealth, 3 Wall. 387; The License Tax
Cases, 5 Wall. 462; Pervear v. TYe Commonwealth, 5 Wall. 475, and Royall v. lirginia,116 U. S. 512, 580. See also Ouid v. City of Richmond, 23 Gratt. 464; Humphreys v. City of Nvor-
folk, 25 Gratt. 97. Conceding fully that Congress has no power to impose a
burden upon a State or its municipal corporations, the question

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.

Opinion of the Court.

190 U. S.

in each case is whether the tax is direct or incidental; since we have had frequent occasion to hold that the imposition of a tax may indirectly affect the value of property to the amount of the tax without being legally objectionable as a direct burden upon such property. Thus in -Fan Allen v. The Assessors, 3 Wall. 573, we held it to be within the power of the States to tax the shares of national banks, though a part or the whole of the capital of such bank were invested in national securities exempt from taxation, upon the ground that the taxation of the shares was not a taxation of the capital. So a tax upon deposits was upheld, though such deposits were invested in United States securities. Societyfor Savings v. Coite, 6 Wall. 594; Povident Institution v. Massachusetts, 6 Wall. 611; Hamilton Co. v. Massachusetts,6 Wall. 632. The same principle was extended to a statute of New York, imposing a tax upon corporations measured by its dividends, though such dividends were derived from interest upon government bonds. Home Ins. Co. v. _New York, 134 U. S. 594. As the tax in the case under consideration is collected from the property while in the hands of the executor (see. 30), who is required to liquidate it "before payment and distribution to the legatees," we do not regard it as a tax upon the municipality, though it may operate incidentally to reduce the bequest by the amount of the tax. Such incidental effects are common to many, if not all, forms of taxation-indeed it may be said generally that few taxes are wholly paid by the person upon whom they are directly and primarily imposed.
Having determined, then, that Congress has the power to tax successions; that the States have the same power, and that such power extends to bequests to the United States, it would seem to follow logically that Congress has the same power to tax the transmission of property by legacy to States, or their municipalities, and that the exercise of that power in neither case conflicts with the proposition that neither the Federal nor the state government can tax the property or agencies of the other, since, as repeatedly held, the taxes imposed are not upon property, but upon the right to succeed to property.
if the position of the plaintiff be sound, it will come to pass

SNYDER v. BE'rTMAN.
190 U. S. WHITE, J., FULLER, C. J., and PEcKHAm, J., dissenting.
that, with the same power to tax the subject matter, i. e., the transmission of the property, the States are competent to limit the amount of bequests to the Federal government by requiring the prepayment of a succession tax as a condition precedent to the transmission of the property, while Congress is impotent to accomplish the same result with respect to legacies to States or their agents. We are reluctant to admit the inferiority of Congress in that particular.
The judgment of the Circuit Court is therefore, Aftimed.
MR. JUSTICE WHITE, with whom concur MR. CHIEF JUSTICE
FULLER and Mit. JUSTICE P.EoHAm, dissenting.
It is conceded in the opinion of the court that the bequest upon which it is sought to levy the United States inheritance tax was made to a municipal corporation for a public, that is, a governmental purpose. This being the admitted premise, I cannot give my assent to the proposition that the tax can be imposed. Nothing is better settled than that the United States has no power to tax the governmental attributes of the States, and that municipal corporations are agencies of the States and not subject, as to their public rights and duties, to direct or indirect taxation by the United States. The doctrine has nowhere been more clearly stated than in Pollock v. Fa-mers' Loan & Trust Co., 157 U. S. 429, 583-584. In that case, despite the division of opinion on other questions, the court was unanimous in holding that, in any event, income subject to taxation by the United States could not include interest derived- from municipal bonds, because to include such interest in income subject to taxation would amount at least to an indirect charge upon a state governmental agency. Speaking through Mr. Chief Justice Fuller, the court said:
" The Constitution contemplates the independent exercise by the nation and the State, severally, of their constitutional powers.
"As the States cannot tax the powers, the operations, or the property of the United States, nor the means which they e'i-

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
WHrrn, J., FULLER, 0. J., and PECKHAM, J., dissenting. 190 U. S.
ploy to carry their powers into execution, so it has been held that the United States have no power under the Constitution to tax either the instrumentalities or the property of a State.
"A municipal corporation is the representative of the State and one of the instrumentalities of the state government. It was long ago determined that the property and revenues of municipal corporations are not subjects of Federal taxation. Collector v. Day, 11 Wall. 113, 124; United States v. Railroad Company, 17 Wall. 322, 332."
It is true that in United States v. Perkins,163 U. S. 625, and Plummer v. Coler, 178 U. S. 115, it was held in the one case that an inheritance tax of the State of New York could be taken out of a bequest to the United States, and in the other that a bequest of bonds of the United States was subject to a state inheritance tax. It is also true that in -Knowltonv. Joore, 178 U. S. 41, it was decided that the United States had the power to impose an inheritance tax. But the ruling in none of these cases, in my opinion, sustains the decision now made. The power of the State of New York, which was upheld in both the Perkins and Coler cases, rested not simply on the authority of that State to impose an inheritance tax, but upon its admitted right to regulate the transmission or receipt of property by death. On the other hand, the right of the United States to levy an inheritance tax, which was upheld in ffnowlton v. 3foore, was based solely upon the power of the United States to tax, and that case therefore conveys no intimation that there is authority in the United States to levy an inheritance tax upon an object which it has no power under the Constitution to tax at all, either directly or indirectly. The distinction between the two, that is, between the broader power of a State resulting from its authority not only to tax but also to regulate the transmission or receipt of property by death, and the narrower power, that is, of taxation alone vested in the government of the 'United States, was explicitly pointed out in Knowlton v. Xoore, sqra,at page 57. Moreover, attention was specially directed to the obvious distinction between the two on page 58, where it was said:
"Of course, in considering the power of Congress to impose

SNYDER v. BETTAIAN.
190 U. S. WHITE, J., FULLER, C.J., and PECKHnA, J., dissenting.
death duties, we eliminate all thought of. a greater privilege to do so than exists as to any other form of taxation, as the rightto regulate successions is vested in the States and not in Congress."
So also the difference between the two had been previously accentuated in .Xagoun v. Illinois Tr'ust & Savings Bank, 170 U. S. 287, 288. There is no confusion between the two classes of cases, and no room in reason seems to me to exist for the assumption that things which are different are nevertheless one and the same. On the contrary, to my mind it appears that misconception will necessarily be caused by confounding wholly different powers and from supposing that because a particular result is justified where a specified power exists, the same consequence must obtain where the power upon which it depends is wanting. Cee'tainly, I assume, it cannot be said because a State has the right to regulate successions and, therefore, to prevent property from passing by death to the United States, hence also the United States must have power by regulating successions to prevent property from passing by death to a State or its governmental agencies. And yet, in my opinion, this is the logical consequence of the doctrine that because the States may in virtue of an authority belonging to them accomplish a particular result as regards the United States, therefore the United States must have the right to bring about the same thing as to the States. The United States not possessing, as the States do, the right to regulate successions, when the United States calls into play its taxing power over the subject of the passage or receipt of property by death, the extent of its authority is to be measured solely by the scope of the taxing power conferred, by the Constitution. When, on the contrary, the State imposes a burden upon the passage or receipt of property by death, its right to do so, if not sustainable by the exercise of the taxing power, finds adequate support in the authority vested initto regulate the transmission or receipt of property on the occasion of death. This was clearly pointed out in United States v. -Perkins,supra, 630, where it was said:" "The legacy becomes the property of the United States only after it has suffered a diminution to the amount of the. tax,. and it is
VOL. CXC-171

OCTO1ER TERM, 1902.
WHITE, J., FULLER, C. J., and PECKHAM, J., dissenting. 190,U. S.
only upon this condition that the legislature assents to a bequest of it." Nor do I see the force of the suggestion that as the tax in question is imposed upon the property in the hands of the executor before payment and distribution to the legatees, it, therefore, cannot be regarded as tax upon the right of the municipality to receive the legacy. It was held, after great deliberation, in Knowlton v. Moore, 118 U. S. 41, that the inheritance taxes levied by the act of Congress were not imposed on the estate of the decedent but were laid on the passing of the legacies, aid on nothing else. It cannot be the intention now to bring about the confusion which must arise from overthrowing this settled doctrine, since it is conceded that the only question for decision is the right of Congress to impose a succession tax upqon t]e bequest to a municipal corporationfor a tbublcurpose. It being admitted that such is the question for decision, I do not perceive how that question can be solved by saying that the tax is not on the passing of the bequest to the municipality, but is imposed on the estate in the hands of the executor before the municipality receives its legacy. It was not only directly held in Enowlton v. Moore that the tax was on the transmission or the receipt of the legacy occasioned by death, and was therefore not on the property, not on the estate, not on the executor, but it was also held to be a burden imposed on the recipient. The court said (p. 60):
"Certainly, a tax placed upon an inheritance or legacy diminishes, to the extent of the tax, the value of the right to inherit or receive, but this is a burden cast upon the recipient and not upon the power of the State to regulate."
This conclusion was absolutely essential to the construction of the statute which was sustained in Kinowlton v. Aoore. I do not perceive how it can be now held that the tax is valid because it is on the estate in the hands of the executor and not a burden on the recipient, when the case of Knowlton v. .Moore, which explicitly holds to the contrary, is expressly approved. It is, however, suggested that the tax is only incidentally on the right of the corporation to receive, and therefore is valid. If "incidentally" is intended to refer to the subject upon which the tax is levied, then the proposition, in my

SNYDER v. BETTMAN.
100 U. S. WHiTE, J., FULLER, C. J., and PECxHAm, J., dissenting.
opinion, only'reiterates the misconception to which attention has been previously called, and it besides conflicts with the conceded premise that the question for decision is whether a tax can be validly imposed on the right of a municipal corporation to take a legacy. Such cannot be the question if there is no such question in the case. If the term "incidentally" conveys the thought that the tax is only indirectly on the corporation's right to take the bequest, and therefore it may be lawfully imposed, the doctrine overthrows the rule announced by, Chief Justice Marshall in .XfCulloc& v. Maryland, I Wheat. 316, and reiterated in numberless cases since that decision, to the effect that where there is a want of constitutional power to tax a particular object neither a direct nor an indirect tax can be imposed, since the power to tax is the power to destroy. It to me seems that the tax here in question bears more directly upon the right of the corporation to take the bequest than did the tax which was condemned in -fcCulloch v. Matryland. Assuredly, the inclusion in income subject to taxation of an amount derived from interest on municipal bonds is less directly on the bonds than is the tax in this case, on the right of the municipality to take, and yet, as I have said in Pollock v. Farmer' Zoan & Trust Conpany, the tax on an income made up in part of interest on a municipal bond was declared to be void, because, even if indirect, it could not be levied where there was no power to tax at all. The distinction was pointed out in JKnowlton v. iloore, where, in referring to the statement of Mr. Chief Justice -Marshallin XcCulloch v. Maryland,that the power to tax involves the power to destroy, it was said (p. 60):
"This principle is pertinent only when there is no power to tax a particular subject. . . . In other words, the power to destroy which may be the consequence of taxation is a reason why the right to tax should be confined to subjects which may be lawfully embraced therein, even although it happens that in some particular instance no great harm may be caused by the exercise of the taxing authority as to a subject which is beyond its scope."
To my mind no doctrine more dangerous and more subversive of a long line of settled.authority in this court could be

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.

Statement of the Case.

190 U. S.

announced than the statement that, although there is no power whatever to tax a particular object, the courts will nevertheless maintain a tax if it only indirectly puts a burden on the forbidden object or that the tax may be sustained because in the judgment of a court the degree in which the Constitution has been violated is not great. Constitutional restrictions are in my opinion imperative, and ought not to be disregarded because in a particular case it may be the judgment of a court
that the violation is not a very grievous one. Testing the validity of the tax in this case solely by the ex-
tent of the power to tax conferred on the government of the United States by the Constitution, it follows, as the United States has no right to directly or indirectly burden a state governmental agency, that the tax here in question, in my
opinion, cannot be sustained.

I am authorized to say that the CHIEF JusTICE and MRa. JusTiCE PECKHAm concur in this dissent.

MIFFLIN v. R. H. WHITE COMPANY.

APPEAL FRO3

THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FIRST CIRCUIT.

No. 268. Argued April 30, May 1, 1903.-Decided June 1, 1903.

The serial publication of an author's work in a magazine with his consent and before any steps are taken to secure a copyright is such a publication
as vitiates, under § 4 of the act of 1831, the copyright afterwards attemped to be taken out. "Holmes v. Hurst,174 U. S. 82. Where there is
no evidence that the publishers were the assignees or acted as the agents of the author for the purpose of taking out copyright, the copyright entry of a magazine, made by them under the act of 1831, and under the title of the magazine, will not validate the copyright entry subsequently made under a different title by the author of a portion of the contents of the magazine. And see Xififin v. Dutton, post, p. 265.

THIs was a bill in equity by the firm of Houghton, Miffin & Co., as assignees of the late Oliver Wendell Holmes, against

YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN HOME u. FRENCH. 401
Syllabus.
they yet lost them because they did not foresee that that officer would, without notice, proceed to -distribute the money to the wrong persons and upon a basis which the government now, whether advisedly or not I need not consider, declares to have been absolutely unjust and illegal.
I am authorized by MR. JUSTICE MOKENNA to say that he jois in ths dissent.
YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN HOME v. FRENCH.
FAUL v. FRENCH.
APPEALS FROM THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Nos. 73, 74. Argued November 5, 6,1902.-Decided January 5, 1903.
By her last will and testament Mrs. Sophia Rhodes provided for her husband by securing to him the income from one half her estate, subject to which the whole was devised and bequeathed to her only son,, in the event of her son's predecease, the entire estate to trustees in trust for the husband for life, and on his death to the Young Women's Christian Hbme, in the event testatrix survived husband and son, thenrto the Home. The mother and son survived the husband, and perished in a shipwreck, going down together. The estate was claimed by the next. of kin of Mrs. Rhodes; by the next of kIn of the son; and by the Young Women's Christian Home. Reld "(1) That there is no presumption of survivorship in the case of those who perish by a common disaster, in the absence of proof tending to show the order in which dissolution took place, and, actual survivorship being unascertainable, descent and distribution take the same course as'if the deaths had been simultaneous. (2) Whether by a particular will a condition precedent, a condition subsequent, or a conditional limitation iSimposed, is, in the absence of unmistakable language, matter of construction, arrived at in view of the familiar rules that the intention of the testator must. prevail, and that intestacy should be prevented, if legally possible. (3)As the state of facts at the time of Mrs. Rhodes' death did not substantially differ from what the will showed she contemplated when VOL. OLXXXvII-26

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Statement.of the Case.
it was executed, the interpolation. of some phrase covering the contingency of inability to ascertain survivorship is unnecessary, and her intention as sufficiently declared on the whole will may be carried into effect. (4) The use of the words, "if she survived," instead of the words, "if they did not survive," is not material, and, on principle, the estate of Mrs. Rhodes should go as directed as if she survived her son, in the absence of proof to the contrary. The property remained where it was vested, there being no evidence that it had been divested.
THESE are appeals from a decree of the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia on a bill of mterpleader exhibited m the Supreme Court of the District by the administrators with the will annexed of the estate of Sophia Rhodes, deceased. At the conclusion of the administration there remained in the hands of the administrators a fund of $14,891.89 for distribution, which was claimed by the Young Women's Christiai Home, a corporation of the District of Columbia, created by act of Congress, the next of kin of Sophia Rhodes, and the administrator of the estate of Eugene Rhodes, deceased, and the mnterpleader was filed to determine the rights of the parties.
The will of Sophia Rhodes was executed at Washington, May 10, 1894, and read as follows
"In the name of the bountiful Giver of all. Amen. "1, Sophia Rhodes, of the city of Hutchinson, m the State of Kansas, temporarily residing at Washington, in the District of Columbia, being now .of sound and disposing mind and memory, do make, publish and declare this my last will and testament, hereby revoking all former wills or testamentary dispositions of my property "I now dispose of the property and estate which it has pleased Alnhighty God to intrust to me, as follows, viz. "1mpr s.'.I will that all my just debts and funeral expenses shall be paid by my executor hereinafter named, out of the first money from my estate that shall come into his hands. "_Bem 1. I give,, devise and bequeath unto my husband Oliver Wheeler Rhodes, during his life one half (1) of the income from all my properties and estate in the next following item of this last will and testameilt disposed of, to be paid

YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN HOME v. FRENCH. 403
Statement of-the Case.
over to him from time to time by my executor hereinafter named, who, for this purpose, shall also act as trustee.
"I1em 2. I now give, devise and bequeath unto my only and beloved son, Eugene Rhodes, all my property, real, personal and mixed, of whatsoever nature, kind or description, including moneys, credits and evidences of indebtedness of which I may be possessed at the time of my death, to be 'his absolutely, to hold and to dispose of as unto him may seem good and proper, and subject only to the provisions of item 1 of this last will and testament.
"Item 3. In the event of the death of my son, Eugene Rhodes, before the decease either of myself or of my husband, I then give, devise and bequeath all my property, everything I own on earth, as follows, viz. _
"1st. I give, devise and bequeath all my pictures and paintings to the Young-Women's Christian Home, m the city of Washington, District of Columbia. It is my will that the said pictures -and paintings- may, so long as the said home shall exist, be the ornaments of the said home, with my name us the giver connected with them during that time.
"2d. All the rest and residue of my property, real, personal and mixed, I give, devise and bequeath to Mcchael H. Fitch, of Pueblo, Coloiado, to have and to hold, in trust nevertheless, to invest the same to the best of his knowledge and experience, and to pay over the rents and profits arising therefrom to my husband, Oliver Wheeler Rhodes, during his, my said husband's life, aid on the death of my said husband to turn over the said property, moneys, etc:, with whatsoever accumulation thereon may.be existing, to the Young Women's Christian Home, of Washington, in the District of Columbia, to be the property of the said home absolutely
"Iem 4. In the event of my becoming the survivor of both my husband, Oliver Wheeler Rhodes, and of my son, Eugene Rhodes, I then give, devise and bequeath all my property, real, personal and mixed, of whatsoever nature, kind or description, to the Young Women's Christian Home, of the city of Washington, in the District of Columbia, to have and to hold the same absolutely and forever, for the good of that institution.

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Statement of the Case.
It is my will that my pictures and paintings shall be disposed of in ths event as provided in paragraph 1st, of item 3, of thins last will and testament.
"Latly. I hereby constitute and appoint my only son, Eugene Rhodes, the sole executor and trustee of this my last will and t6stament, 'and it is my will that my said sole executor and trustee shall administer and execute this last will and testament without giving bond therefor."
The'facts were stipulated, and may be shortly stated thus: Oliver Wheeler Rhodes died at Washington, January 27, 1895, at which time his wife, Sophia Rhodes, and their only child, Eugene Rhodes, were in Heidelberg, Germany They sailed for home Trom Bremen on the steamship Elbe at three o'clock P. m. on Tuesday, January 29, 1895. About half-past five o'clock the next morning the Elbe collided with another steamship, and sank in about twenty minutes after the collision. Mrs. Rhodes was about fifty-two years old, corpulent, and short of breath, and her son was about twenty-three years old, a single man, and rathdr a good swimmer. His body came up in a fishing net off the coast of Holland some six weeks after the collision, but his mother's body was never recovered. Of the persons who survived the shipwreck, only two had any knowledge of the mother and son at the time of the disaster. One of them saw Mrs. Rhodes come out of her cabin just after the collision with a blanket over her night dress, and some minutes later saw her son. The other saw the mother and son on deck after the collision, the son endeavoring to put a shawl around his mother, and she with her arms thrown around her son's neck. This person was the last to get into the last boat to leave the ship, and, when it had gotten some distance away, the ship went down with a 4urch and every one on board was drowned. He testified that "both of these parties died together, and, so far as this affiant was able to learn, after he saw these parties on the deck clasped in an embrace that would never be loosened until after death, no one else saw them. '
The Supreme Court of the District held that there was no presumption of survivorship-as between the mother and son;. that the will manifested an unmistakable desire to guard

YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN HOME v. FRENCH. 405
Argument for Appellant, Young Women's Christian Home.
against intestacy, and that the intention of Mrs. Rhodes was clearly apparent that if her husband and son should not survive her so as to receive the property, or if it remained under her control at the time of her death, it should go absolutely to the charity she had named, the Young Women's Christian Home, and decreed accordingly From this decree Barbara Faul and Andrew Wasner, next of Ian of Mrs. Rhodes, and John L. French, administrator of Eugene Rhodes,-carried the case to the Court of Appeals of the District, which concurred in the view that there was no presumption of survivorship as between the testatrix and her son, but held that the terms of the will "vesting, the estate m Eugene Rhodes immediately upon testatrix's death, we agree that it raises a pnm.acte right in the personal representatives of the son, and imposes the burden upon her next of kIn of displacing them by proof of his mother's survival," and that the representatives and next of kin of the son were entitled to the entire fund. The decree was thereupon reversed, and the cause remanded to the court below with a direction to enter a decree in conformity with that conclusion. 18 App. D. C. 9..
.MrJ J .Darlington,with whom was .Mr John B. .aTnr on the brief, for the appellant the defendant in error, the Young Women's Christian Home
The facts relied upon by which to uphold his contention that as Eugene Rhodes was younger than his mother, as well as the stronger and a good swimmer he should be presumed to have survived are insufficient under the common law to create any presumption upon which the courts can act, and in the absence of evidence mother and son will be presumed to have died simultaneously., citing English authorities as follows Bradshaw v Toumlin, 2 Dick. 633, TFrzght v .Samada, 2 Phill. 261, S. C., 2 Salk. 593; Satoerthwaste v Powell, 1 Curt. Ece. Rep. 105; Durant v .Fiend,5 De G. & Sm. 343, Barnett v. Tugwell, 31 Beav 232, Underwood. v Wing, 19 Beav 459, S. C., sub nomuze, Wing v. Angrave, 8 H. L. C. 183, In re Wainwrsght,1 Sw & Tr. 257, In re Ewart,1 Sw & Tr. "58, In re Wheeler, 31 L. J. P & M. 40, and

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Argument for Appellant, Young Women's Christian Home.
American authorities as follows In re Ridgway, 4 Redf. 226, Stinde v Goodrwh, 3 Redf. 87, Newell v. Nichols, 12 Hun, 604, affirmed 75 N. Y 78, In re Hall, 9 Cent. L. J 281, Johnson v Jerithew, 80 Maine, 111, 116, Cowman v. Rogers, 73 Maryland, 403, M7de's Estate, 73 Wisconsin, 445, 459-460, In re Willbor, 20 R. I. 126.
Citing also where the testator and beneficiary having perished together, the property was distributed as that of the owner at the time of the common disaster, Taylor v Diblock, 2 Phill. Eccl. Rep, 261, Afason v .Aason, 1 Meriv. 308, Goods of .furray, 1 Ecc. Rep. 596 ,. Doe dem. nsght v Hepean, 27 E. C. L. 45, and in cases. of intestacy, where a similar rule had been followed as to intestate and heir, Johnson v ]ierithew,80 ]Maine, 116, Bhle's Estate, 73 Wisconsin, 445, Russell v Hallett, 23 Kansas, 196-7, Coye v Leach, 8 Mete. -375 ; iS'chaub v. Grz.//in, 84 Maryland, 562, 566, Satterthwaite v Powell, 1 Curt. Ecc. Rep. 705, In re TVilbor, 20 R. I. 126.
Also citing on other points, Wollaston v Berkeley, L. R. 2 Ch. Div. 213, Sfcrutton v Patillo,L. R. 19 Eq. 369; 24 Am. & Eng. Ency 1027-32. As stated in Newell v. Nichols, 12 Hun5 604, affirmed 75 N. Y 78, "when a testator means to dispose of all his property, and uses the words ' if the legatee should not survive,' it is held to mean ' if the preceding legacy should from any cause fail,"' citing Avelyn v Ward, 1 Ves. Sr. 419, Rickman v .forgan, 2 Brown's Chancery Cases, 396, Jones v. Westcombe, 1Eq. Abbt. 245, Posterv Cooke, 3 Brown's Ch. 347; Doo v Brabant,3 Bro. C. C. 397, Taylor v. Taylor, A. & R. 386, Jackson em dem. Beach v Durland, 2 Johns. Cas. 314. -The intention is to be carried into effect, where apparent, although expressions must be discarded or modified to effectuate that purpose, and the testator must not be presumed to have died intestate if possible. Towns v Wentworth, 11 M. P C. 520; -Abbottv _fiddleton, 7 H. L. Cas. 68, . C., 21 Beav. 143, I/ston v Jenkns, 2 W Va. 62, and cases cited, Cox v. Britt, 22 Arkansas, and cases cited, Chapman v. Brown, Burr. 1635, Lord Mansfield, XfcKeekan, v Wilson, 53 Penn. St. 74, Redfield on Wills, 454, note 1, Jarman on Wills, 456, 414, Cap. 17;. Anliek v Wallace, 12 Bush, 531, citing numerous authorities;

YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN HOME 7,.FRENCH. 407
Argument for Appellants, Faul et aL.
In re Redfern, 6 Oh. Div. 133, Doe dem. Leach v iceklem, 6 East, 486, B.atherly v. Eath ly, 1 Cold. 461, Freemanv -Freeman, 8 Vin. Abr. tit. Devise, 51, Seesoms v. Sessoms, 2 Dev & 3. 453, Perry on Trusts, see. 724, -Yey v -Yey, 4 De G. M. & G. 73, Pearsoll v._Sim8son, 15 Yes. 29, Robsor v Portland Orphan,.Asylum, 1"23 U. S. 702, Smith v. Bell, 6 Pet. 68, 80, Patch v. White, 117 U. S. 210, In re Swenson's Est., 55 Minnesota, 300., Yates v Skern,.84 Minnesota, 165, fetcaf v .FTramnnghamr Pansh,128"Massachusetts, 370, 374, Finley v .Khg's Lessee, 3 Pet. 377, -also citing and distinguishing 1ilinois LanaZ -Co. v. Bonner,-75 Illinois, 317, Gibson v Seymour, 102 Indiana, 485,; Rupp v Eberly, 79 Pa. St. 141.
That under the principles of construction governing wills, and -especially the principle which subordinates the letter to the plain intention, to be gathered from the testator's standpoint and from the four corners of the instrument, the Young Women's Christian Home is the party intended by the will of Mrs. Rhodes, under the circumstances which have. occurred, to receive her estate, and that the principle deducible from the authorities upon the subject is, that, under the English law, the estate of the person so dying is to be administered as though he, as to that estate, was the survivor, and that the estate of Mrs. Rhodes is-accordingly to be so administered.
-H' A. A. Hoehling, Jr., on behalf of Barbara Faul et al., next of kin of the mother, appellants, and whose contentions were opposed to those of the Young Women's Christian Home.
I. It is not permissible under the guise of construction to incorporate distinct provisions into a will, nor to insert therein conditions or contingencies not provided for by the testatrix. Redfield on Wills, vol. 1, 4th ed. par. 33-1, pp. 458-472; Roper on Legacies, vol. 1, p. 750, 2 Roper on Legacies, 1464, 2 Redfield on Wills, 283, Wing v Uderwood, 4De G.21. & G. 633, 654, Wing v Angrave,. 8 H. L. 205; Illinots 1and Co. v Bonner, 75 Illinois, 317, Gibson v Seymour, 102 Indiana, 485; .Runp v.Eberly, 79 Penn. St. 141.
H. The will of the testatrix does not show an intent that

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Argument for Appellee.
the Home should receive her entire estate, save only in the event of the substantial survivorship of the son.
III. The authorities cited by counsel for the Home are not in point. Finley v King's Lessee, 3 Peters, 346, Clark v. Boormam's ]xrs., 18 Wall. 493, Colton v. Colton, 127 U. S. 300, Lee v Simpson, 134 U. S. 572, Bobzson v. Orphan Asylum, 123 U S. 702, .fetcalfv FraminghamParsh,128 Massachusetts, 370,.374, cited and distinguished.
IV Where two or more persons perish in a common disaster, and the order of their deaths is unascertainable by evidence, there is no legal presumption of survivorship in favor of any such persons, and iin such case property rights are disposed of as if death had, occurred to all at the same time. Citing cases on brief of other appellant, and The King v. ftay, 1 Win. Black. 640, .urray8 Cased, 1 Ourteis, 596; Satterthwaite v. PoweZ, 1 Curteis, 705. Silleck v Booth, Younge & Collyer Oh. Rep. 121, In re Selwyn, 3 Hagg. Eccl. Rep. 748, 6ited and distinguished.
Mr f-W Smith and _M. Wihliam Henry Denns on behalf of the administrator of Eugene Rhodes, the son, appellee.
In whatever way the matter may be reasoned out, whether by choosing among the three contingencies possible-that the mother, the son, or neither, survived the other-or by passing those contingencies by as unascertamable and seeking ground beyond for prma faese right, the result must be the affirmance of the- decisign appealed from, for, if the former course be followed, the son's survivorship must be found as a fact, and if the latter be followed, every other ground for przma fa¢w right must be deemed secondary and subordinate to that of the, unextinguished and unextinguishable preference made by the will-and the law in the sc'is favor.
The evidence was sufficient to show that the son survived his' mother by reason of his better size, stronger sex and the nature of his clothing, he was better able to withstand the death cause, his knowing now to swim would ward off despair and dollapse and give him self-possession to look out for wreckage and keeping afloat, his younger and warmer blood would

YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN HOME r FRENCH. 409

Argument for Appellee.

stand him in good stead m the icy waters of the North sea;

"when shipwreck occurs men are more apt to be saved than wo-

men.

Persons with apoplectic tendencies (the mother

was corpulent and short winded) are more apt to be struck

with the disease when precipitated into the water." Wharton
and Still, Med. Fur. § 726. Of 60 women and 'M children on

the Elbe only one woman survived, only one woman out of 176

was saved on the Burgoyne, not a woman or child was saved

on the Atlantic. Where rested the fatal onus at the start2 As between the

Home as legatee, and testatrix's next of kn-if not her son,

then her brother and sister. The next of kin having apma

facze right, the onusprobandiis on the other party

In such cases the common law requires evidence from start

to finish, judgment going in the end, if there be not evidence

enough to shift tte burden of proof, against the party resting

under that burdin at the start.

Neither a codemise nor a survivorship is presumed by law,

nor is the evidence such cases admit of sufficient to shift the

burden of proof.

As between a testator's next of kin and his legatee, the bur-

den rests on the legatee of proving the contingency or contin-

gencies that underlie his bequest, the next of kin having prma

fac right at the start, or, as applied to the cases at bar, the

burden lies on the Home of proving codermse or the mother's

survival (s. e. the son's non-survival), the next of kin, whoever

they were, having prrnafacze right.

Citing pany of the authorities on appellants' briefs and also

Best's Ev. Book 1II, pt. 1, 369, Balder v kliddeke, 92 Ill. App.

227, Greenleaf on Evidence, 16th ed. note 5, § 30, p. 126, Hil-

debrant v. Apme-, Texas Ct. of Appeals, 1901, 66 S. W 128,

Onmany v SkXlbwelt, 23 Beav. 330.

In the construction of the will the most natural intention

was that the property .was not to be willed away from the son

at all unles he was no longer in being to take it at his mother's

death, and the real question is not whether the son survived

any length of time, but where the burden rests of proving the

order of deaths. The claim of the Home draws its strength,

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
not so much from what w- in the will as from what, judging from this post-mortem statement, ought to be there.
As to who are the next of kin, the onus rests on the remoter kin to prove that all the nea'er kin once -known to exist had ceased to exist before the testator's death. Enersonv. TVkite, 29 N. H. 482, Schaub v Grtffln, 84: Maryland, 557, Posey v. Hanson,10 D. C. App. 496, Wharton's Ev sec. 1280, Cowman v. Rogers, 73 Maryland, 403. Other cases cited in opposing briefs distinguished.
MR. CHIMEF JusTICE FULLER, aftei making the foregoing statement, delivered the opinion of the court.
The rule is that there is no presumption of survivorship in the case of persons who perish by a common disaster, in the absence of proof tending to show the order of dissolution, and that circumstances surrounding a calamity of the character appearing on this record are insufficient to create any presumption on which the courts can act, The question of actual survivorship" is regarded as unascertainable, and descent and distribution take the same course as if the deaths had been simultaneous. Underwood v Wing, 4 IDe Gex, M. & G. 633, Wing v. Angrave, 8 H. L. Cas. 183, .Newell v. Nichols, 12 Hun, 604, S. C., 75 N. Y 78, Johnson v Merithew, 80 Maine, ,11, Cowman v Rogers, 73 Maryland, 403, Russell v .Hallett, 23 Kansas, 276, In re Willbor, 20 R. I. 126, 1 Greeni. (15th ed.) §§ 29, 30.
Conceding this to be so, the next of kn of Mrs. Rhodes contend that her estate has passed to them as in case of intestacy, because it dbes not appear that the son survived the mother, or that the mother survived the son, and the estate was given to the son only in the one event, and to the Young Women's Christian Home only in the other. This view was rejected by the District Supreme Court in holding that the intention of the testatrix was plain that the Young Women's Christian Home should take in the event that the husband and son did not survive her, and should be carried out, and the Court of Appeals rejected it in holding that the will. by its terms vested the

YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN HOME v. FRENCH. 411
Opinion of the Court.
estate in Eugene Rhodes immediately on the testatrix's death, and that a pmmafaaw right existed m the personal representatives of the son, which was not displaced by proof of the mother's survival.
The cardinal rule is that the intention of the testator expressed in his will, or clearly deducible therefrom, must prevail if consistent with the rules of law And another familiar rule is that the law prefers a .construction which will prevent a partial intestacy to one that will permit it, if such a construction may reasonably be given. Zenaday v. Sinnott, 179 U. S. 606, 616.
In this case, we think it is apparent that Mrs. Rhodes designed to dispose of her entire property, to provide for her husband by securing to him for life an income from one half of her estate, to provide for her son by leaving him the estate absolutely, subject to the husband's income, and, if her son died before his father, that the husband should have the income of the whole estate for his life, and at his death the estate should go to the Young Women's Christian Home. But that if her husband and son should both be dead when she died, the estate should go at once to the charitable institution, that is to say, that if they did not survive her, the property on her death was immediately to take that destination.
But the argument is that the testatrix's wishes cannot be carned out, inasmuch asit is insisted, each of the devises and bequests was on the express condition of survivorship, and to give effect to the alleged intention would require the interpolation of some phrase covering the contingency of inability to ascertain survivorship, which interpolation would be Wholly madmissible.
Tis, however, is matter of construction, and if the state of facts at the time of Mrs. Rhodes' death did not substantially differ from what the will shows she contemplated when it was executed, then no interpolation is required, and the property must go. according to the intention necessarily deducible.
The applicable principle is well expressed by Mr. Justice

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
Gray, then Chief Justice of Massachusetts, in .Aetcalf v. Fp'amzngham, 128 Massachusetts, 370.
The case is stated in the head notes thus "A testator bequeathed personal property in trust for the benefit of his wife's sister and her husband during their lives, as follows During her life, to pay the net income to her semi-annually, in case she should die before him, to transfer one half of the principal to a haritable institution, and to p.ty the income of the 'remainder to him during his life, in case he should die before her, then at her death to transfer the whole of the prmcipal to, the same institution. She died before her husband, and one half of the principal was paid to the institution and the other half kept in trust for him. leld, that on his death the institution was entitled to this part of the principal also, and that it did not pass to the residuary devisees, although a similar bequest for the benefit of another husband and wife contained an express direction for a transfer of the second half of the principal to the charitable institution upon the death of the survivor."
Gray, 0. J., said "The decision of this question doubtless depends upon the intention of the testator, as manifested by the words that he has used, and an omission to express his intention cannot be supplied by conjecture. But if a reading of the whole will produces a conviction- that the testator must necessarily have intedded an interest to be given which is not bequeathed by. express and formal words, the court must supply the defect -by implication, and so mould the language of the testator as to carry into effect, as far as possible, the intention which it is of opinion that he has on the whole will sufficiently declared."
"It is a question in dach case," said Mr. Justice Matthews in Robnon -v Portland Orp7an Asylum, 128 U S. 702, "of the reasonable interpretation of the words of the partcular will, with the view of ascertaining through their meaning the testator's intention." In that case Robison left a will providing, thirdly, that his widoiv should have the income of all his estate, with the right to spend it, but not to have it accumulate for her heirs, fourthly, that -if his sisters, Ann Smith and

YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN HOME. v. FRENCH. 413
Opinion of the Court.
Eleonora Cummings Robison, "be living at the death of myself and wife, Tane S. Robison aforesaid, that they or the one that may be then living shall have the income of all my estate so long as they may live, and at their death to be divided m three parts, one third part of the income to go to the Portland Female Orphan Asylum," and one third to each of two other institutions. Both sisters died before the testator.
It was ruled that the fact that the sisters died before their brother, "whereby the legacy to them lapsed altogether, is not material, because if property be limited upon the death of one person to another, and the first donee happen to predecease the testator, the gift over would,, of course, take effect, notwithstanding the failure, by lapse, of the prior gift," that unless it appeared on the face of the will "that the gift to the defendants was not intended to take effect unless the prior gift to Ann Smith and Eleonora Cummings Robison took effect, the former must be considered as taking effect in place of and as a substitute for the prior gift which, by reason of the contmgency, has failed;" and that considering the third and fourth subdivisions together, the limitations were to be taken as a complete disposition of his estate, in the mind of the testator, who did not intend to die intestate as to any portion thereof, giving to the widow an estate for life, with an estate over for life to the sisters,,contingent on surviving the widow, and with the ultimate remainder to the charitable institutions.
In Newell v Nichols, 12 Hun, 604, affirmed in 75 N. Y 78, a wife had died leaving a husband and two children, a son and a daughter. By her will she created three funds, one of $30,000, the income of which was to go to her husband, and, on his death, the principal to the heirs of her body then living, and in default of such heirs to certain named remaindermen , another fund of $15,000, the income to be paid to the daughter during her life, the principal to be paid at her death to the heirs of her body then living, in default of such heirs, to her appointees by will, and in default of appointment, to the heirs of the body of the testatrix then living, and in default of such heirs, then to the same remaindermen, while a third sum of $15,000 was settled upon the son as to the income, with the same provisions

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opunon of the Court.
as to the prmicpal at his death as m respect of the daughter. The husband and children, were lost at sea, and there was no evidence of survivorship between them. The case was decided at special term by Van Yorst, J., whose careful and elaborate opinion was adopted by the court in general term, and fully approjved by the Court of Appeals. It was held that the retention of the testatrix plainly -was that the limitation over to the remaindermen should be effectual if for any reason the children could not take, and that the death of the children without issue or appointment, under the circumstances, and in the absence of evidence of survivorship, entitled the remaindermen to have the limitation carried into effect.
It was observed by Van Vorst, J "Where a devise is limited to take effect-upon a condition or contingency annexed to a preceding estate, if that -preceding -estate should not arise the remainder over will take place, the first estate being considered as a preceding limitation and not as a preceding condition.
As when a testator meant to dispose of all his property and uses the words, 'if the legatee should trot survive,' held to mean ' if the preceding -legacy should from any cause fail.'"
U derwood v. Wing and Wing v Angrave are relied on to the contrary 19 Beavan, 459, 4 De Gex, .M. & G. 632, 8 H. L. Cas. 183.
The facts were these Underwood and his wife had three children-Catherine, Frederick and Alfred. Being about to emigrate with their children, Mr. and Mrs. Underwood made mutual wills, dated Obtober 4, 1853. Mr. Underwood by -his will -devised his real and personal estate to Wing, his heirs, etc., in trust for Mrs. Underwood, her hMirs, etc:, absolutely, and the will proceeded "And in case my said wife shall die inmy lifetime, then I direct that my said real and personal estate shall be held by my said trustee, upon trust for such of them, my three children, Catherine Underwood, Frederick Underwood and Alfred Underwood, as, being sons or a son, shall attarn the age of twenty-one years, and being a daughter, shall attain that age, or marry under that age, to be equally diYided between or among them, share and share alike, and in case all

YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN HOME v. FRENCH. 415
Opinion of the Court.
of them my said children shall die under the age of twenty-one years, being sons, or under that age and unmarried, being a daughter, then I give, devise and bequeath all my real and personal estate, as aforesaid, unto and to the use of the said William Wing, his heirs, executors. administrators and assigns, to and for his and their own absolute use and benefit." And the testator appointed his wife and defendant Wing executors. Mrs. Underwood by her will, made by virtue of a power, devised, bequeathed and appointed all the real and personal estate subject to the power, to. Mr. Underwood, his heirs, etc., absolutely, and the will proceeded "(Subject to the estates and interests of my children therein, under or-by virtue of the will.of the said John Tulley, deceased.) And in case my said husband should die in my-lifetime, then I devise, bequeath and appoint the said hereditaments and premises, and sum and suni of money, and arrears of income aforesaid, unto and to the use of William Wing, his heirs, executors, administrators and ass)gns, to and for his and their own absolute use and benefit." And she appointed her husband and William Wing executors.
3Mr. and Mrs. Underwood and their three children embarked for Australia, their ship foundered, and all on board, with the exception of one sailor, perished. Both parents and the two boys were washed into the sea by the same wave, but the daughter survived for half an hour. All the children died under twenty-one and unmarried. Wing proved both -wills and plaintiff obtained letters of admnimstration of the estate df Catherine Underwood. 19 Beav. 459, 460.
The courts agreed in the conclusion that at common law there could be no presumption of prior decease in the absence of proof, although the evidence tended to show that the husband was in good health and an able swimmor, while his wife was in delicate health, and their children of tender age, and this ruling has ever since been accepted in the English courts and by the uniform current of authority in the United States.
Under the wills, the husband, wife and children, having practically died simultaneously, the intention of both testators that their estate should pass to Mr. Wing seemed plain, but

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.
Opinion of the Court.
the House of Lords (and the courts below) held otherwise, and that as Mr. Wing could not show either that the death of the husband occurred in the wife's lifetime, or that the wife's death occurred in the husband's lifetime, he could receive neither estate. Inthe construction which produced this result it cannot be said that the courts of this country have generally concurred. Lord Campbell, then Lord Chancellor, dissented, and, referring to the wife's will, said "Of course, I fully recognize all the cases where, there being i a will a gift really meant to be on condition, or the happening of a particular event, the court decided that it could not take effect unless the condition was performed, or the event had happened. But the present seems to me to be a case of substitution, to take effect on failure of the prior estate." Granting that effect is to be given to the expressed, not the conjectural or probable intention of testators, he thought that by this will the testatrix clearly expressed her intention that if her husband did not take the property, William Wing should take it. "The lapse of the bequest to her husband by his predecease being substantially the only event upon which the bequest to him could fail, when she says, 'In case my said husband should die in my lifetime,' does she not, in substance say, in case the bequest to my husband should fail, then William Wing is the object of my bounty, and all shall go to him? She has not provided for the event of there being an impossibility to determine whether she or her husband died first. But although she has not in terms provided for this event, she has clearly intimated her intention, that in case of the gift to her husband not taking effect, the ulterior gift to William Wing should take effect. And this seems to me not to be an interpolation into her will, but a necessary implication from what she has said. How can it be supposed that if she had foreseen the event of an uncertainty as to whether she or her husband died first, so that her husband could not take from that uncertainty, she would have altered the intention she had so plainly expressed in favor of William Wing 2 Can it be considered possible that William Wing would, in that event, have ceased to be the object of her bounty ? What other destination of the property, by her, can

YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN HOME v. FRENCH. 417
Opinon of the Court.

be conjectured? If her husband should not take, William

Wing was substituted for him.

It seems tQ me to be

a fallacy to say that this was a gift merely on the happening

of a particular event, unless that event is taken to be the fail-

ure of the prior gift to her husband."

It will be perceived that it was held that for the purpose of

giving effect to the wills, the husband was not to be assumed

to have survived the wife, nor the wife to have survived the

husband; and yet, the wills having been thus eliminated, it

was declared that the heirs and next of kin of -Mr.Underwood

were entitled to his property as though he.had been the sur-

vivor, and that the heirs and next of kin of -Mrs.Underwood

should take her property as though she had been the survivor.

Whether in a given case a condition precedent, a condition

subsequent, or a conditional limitation, is prescribed, is, in the

absence of unmistakable language, matter of construction.

And conditions cannot be annexed from words capable of being

interpreted as mere description of what must occur before the

estate given can arise. Edgeworth v. Edgewort, L. R. 4 H. L.

35.

As in all of these cases, so in this, we are remitted to the lan-

guage of the will to ascertain the intention of the testatrix, and

if that intention is clearly deducible from the terms used, taking

the whole will together, then we are bound to give that construe-

tion which will effectuate and not defeat it. 'Reading this will

from the standpoint of the testatrix, as ,re must, we think it

not open to doubt that she intended to dispose of all her estate,

and did not intend to die intestate as to any part of it, that she

had in mind only three objects of her bounty, her husband, her

son and the Home, and that her intention, failing husband and

son, was that the Home should take. If husband alone sur-

vived it was to go to the Home at his death. If neither hus-

band nor son survived it was to go to the Home at once. Is

her manifest intention to be defeated because instead of saying, "If neither my husband nor my son should survive me, I give

and bequeath my property to the. Home,"-she said "In the

event of my becoming the survivor of both my husband, Oliver

Wheeler Rhodes, and of my, son, Eugene Rhodes, I give and

voL. ct.xxxvi-27

OCTOBER TERM, 1902.

Opinion of the Court.

bequeath all my property to the Young Women's Christian

Home "

We do not feel compelled to so hold, and, by accepting so

technical and literal a view, to reach an adverse result on the

theory of a change in the burden of proof, or of an accidental

omission to prevent it. This is not a case of supplying some-

thing omitted by oversight, but of intention sufficiently ex-

pressed to be carried out on the actual state of facts. And as

the estates of persons perishing in a common disaster, intestate,

notwithstanding the statutes of descent and distribution may

not have made provision in respect thereof, are disposed of as

if each survived as to his own property, we think, upon prm-

ciple, that the property of Mrs. Rhodes should go as directed

as if she survived her son, in the absence of proof to the con-

trary

It necessarily follows that title did not pmflfame vest in

the son, who is not shown to have survived his mother, and

must be taken to have died at the same time. The property re-

oained where it was vested, there being no evidence to show

that it had been divested.

The situation 'iisllustrated by the case of inre WRilbor, 20

R. I. 126. There Charlotte, Martha and Eliza Willbor, three

sisters, perished in the same calamity, and there was nothing

from which it could be inferred that either survived the other.

Each left a will devising all her real and personal property, ex-

cepting certain legacies, to her two sisters, or either of the sur-

vivors, and to their heirs and assigns forever. The Supreme

Court of Rhode Island said "As all.three of the testatrices

lost their lives in the same disaster, and no fact or circumstance

appears from which it can be inferred that either survived the

others, the question of survivorship must be regarded as unas-

certainable, and hence the rights of succession to their estates

are to be determined as if death occurred to all at the same

moment.

If all three of the testatrices are to be re-

garded as having died at the sqme moment., it follows that the

bequest and devise in each of their wills to the two sisters or

either of the survivors did not take effect, there being no inter-

val of tune as between the deaths of the three during which

WESTERN UNION TEL. CO. V'. NEW HOPE. 419
Statement of the Case.
titles to property could vest, and the wills therefore stand as if they contained only the bequests to the legatees stibsequently named."
The result is that the property passed under the will to the Home, and neither the next of kin of -the mother nor the next of kin of the son can defeat its destination.
[Die decree of the Court of Afppeals ts 'eversed and the caume remanded with a direct-n to afrn the decree of the Suj)reme Court.
WESTERN UNION TELEGR APH COMPANY-v. BOR-
OUGH OF NEW HOPE.
-ERROR TO THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA.
No. let. Argued December 2, 3, 1i02.-Decided January 5, 1903.
An ordinance of the borough of New Hope, Pennsylvania, imposing an annual license fee of one dollar per pole and two dollars and a half per mile of wilrb o the'telegraphb, telephone and electric light poles within the limits of the borough is not a tax on the property of the telegraph company ownimng the poles and wires, or on its transmission of messages or on its receipts for such transmission, but is a charge in the enforcement of local governmental supervision, and as such is not in itself obnoxious to the coinmece clause of the Federal Constitution.
As the elements entering into such a charge are various, and as in this case the courts of Pennsylvania have decided that the charge imposed by the ordinance is reasonable in the circumstances and the ordinance valid, this court does not feel justified in holding that conclusion to be so manifestly erroneous as to require revision.
By an ordinance passed in 1894, the borough of New Hope, Pennsylvania, imposed an annual license fee of one dollar per pole and two dollars and a half per mile of wire on the telegraph, telephone, and electric light poles and wires within its limits. The Western Union Teleoraph Company had constructed prior thereto and bad ince maintained and operated a line of telegraph poles and wires through the borough, and this was an action brought in the Court of Common Pleas of Bucks

