DE LA METTRIE v. JAMES.

728

Statement of the Case.

bound to accept opinions of the legislature or executive officers of the Choctaw Nation; its duty was to determine for itself what the services were worth. After consideration of the evidence it reached the above-stated conclusions, and we find no adequate reason for overturning the result.
The judgments below are Affirmed.

DE LA METTRIE ET AL. v. DE GASQUET JAMES
ET AL.
KEANE, RECEIVER, v. DE GASQUET JAMES ET AL.
APPEALS FROM THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Nos. 54, 55. Argued December 6, 1926.-Decided January 3, 1927.
1. Under § 9-e of the Trading with the Enemy Act, a debt to one who is not a citizen of the United States can not be allowed unless it "arose with reference to money or property" held by the Alien Property Custodian or the Treasurer of the United States. P. 732.
2. The debts in this case,---consisting of judgments against a person whose interest in a fund was seized by the Custodian--did not so arise. Id.
3. A receiver appointed by a New York Court in proceedings supplementary to execution, to collect the judgments, was in no better position than the judgment creditors. Trading with the Enemy Act, § 9-f. P. 733.
55 App. D. C. 354; 6 F. (2d) 479, affirmed.
APPEALS from decrees of the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia which sustained the Supreme Court of the District in refusing to permit Keane, receiver, to intervene in a suit under the Trading with the Enemy Act, and in dismissing the suit after hearing. The plaintiffs, Pauline Andr6 de la Mettrie and George Pratt de Gasquet James, in 1915, had recovered judgments against the defendant Elizabeth Pratt de Gasquet James, in the settlement of her accounts as executrix of her husband's

732

OCTOBER TERM, 1926.

Opinion of the Court.

272 U. S.

will, in a surrogate's court in New York; and sought by this suit to reach, and apply to the judgments, the interest of the defendant James in a voluntary trust created by herself in 1887, before her husband's death, and which had been taken over by the Alien Property Custodian. The other appellant, Keane, had been appointed receiver of the property of the defendant James, in proceedings in New York supplementary to the judgment.
Mr. J. Noble Hayes, with whom Mr. Guy H. Johnson was on the brief, for the appellants.
Mr. Mansfield Ferry, with whom Messrs. FrankDavis, Jr., S. M. Stellwagen, William J. Neale, and Victor Hugo Duraswere on the brief, for the appellee James.
Solicitor General Mitchell for Sutherland, Alien Property Custodian, submitted. Assistant Attorney General Letts and Mr. Dean Hill Stanley, Special Assistants to the Attorney General, were also on the brief.
MR. JUSTICE McREYNoLDs delivered the opinion of the Court.
The challenged decrees were entered March 2, 1925, 6 Fed. (2d) 479. Both causes had been heard upon a single record.
In No. 54, appellants, citizens of France, sought to recover from the Alien Property Custodian certain funds seized by him November 5, 1918, as the property of an alien enemy. They relied upon § 9, Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended June 5, 1920, c. 241, 41 Stat. 977. The court below held that the claim did not arise with reference to money or property held by the Custodian or by the Treasurer of the United States and affirmed the decree of the trial court which dismissed the bill. Banco M4rexicano v. Deutsche Bank, 263 U. S. 591. Considering the facts disclosed and the definite terms of the statute, this action was clearly right. Subsection (e) of § 9 provides-

DE LA METTRIE v. JAMES.

731

Opinion of the Court.

"No money or other property shall be returned nor any debt allowed under this section to any person who is a citizen or subject of any nation which was associated with the United States in the prosecution of the war, unless such nation in like case extends reciprocal rights to citizens of the United States; nor in any event shall a debt be allowed under this section unless it was owing to and owned by the claimant prior to October 6, 1917, and as to claimants other than citizens of the United States unless it arose with reference to the money or other property held by the Alien Property Custodian or Treasurer
of the United States hereunder."
No. 55 is a separate appeal by a receiver. The appellants in No. 54 instituted in the Supreme Court, New York County, supplemental proceedings for the purpose of enforcing judgments which they held against Mrs.
James and on June 18, 1923, that court appointed David Keane receiver of all the debtor's property. Thereafter he asked to be made party to cause No. 54, claiming that by reason of such appointment he had an interest in the fund held by the Custodian. The trial court denied this application and upon appeal the court below affirmed that action. The claim is without merit. Subsection (f) of § 9, Trading with the Enemy Act, provides: "Except as herein provided, the money or other property conveyed,
transferred, assigned, delivered, or paid to the Alien Property Custodian, shall not be liable to lien, attachment, garnishment, trustee process, or execution, or subject to any order or decree of any court." The appointment of the receiver gave him no better position than the one
occupied by the judgment creditors-the New York court had no jurisdiction over funds held by the Custodian.
The decrees below are
Affirmed. In No. 55 MR. JUSTICE BRANDEIS, MR.JUSTICE SANFORD and MR. JUSTICE STONE concur in the result.

SHUKERT v. ALLEN.

541

Statement of the Case.

and that may be the fact for China outside of Hongkong as seems to have been held in another case not yet finally disposed of, but no principle requires the transfer to be given effect outside of the United States and when as here it has been decided to have been ineffectual it is unnecessary to inquire whether in the other event the Alien Property Custodian was authorized by the statute to use or did use in fact words purporting to have that effect, or what the effect, if any, would be.
Some question was made of the jurisdiction of this Court. The jurisdiction was asserted, at least provisionally, when the writ of certiorari was granted. There are few cases in which it is more important to maintain it, and we confirm it now. The validity of the section of the Code of Civil Procedure is drawn in question, and also the construction of the Trading with the Enemy Act which is treated as purporting to authorize what in our opinion it could not authorize if it tried.
Judgment reversed.

SHUKERT ET AL., EXECUTRICES, v. ALLEN, COLLECTOR.
CERTIORARI TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE EIGHTH CIRCUIT.
No. 193. Argued March 4, 7, 1927.--Decided March 21, 1927.
A conveyance of securities made before the testator's death and not in contemplation of it, in trust to accumulate the income until a distant date specified, and then to divide the fund amcng his children, designated by name as the beneficiaries, vested the interests of his children when it was executed and was not "intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after his death," within the meaning of § 402(c), Revenue Act of 1918. P. 547.
6 F. (2d) 551, reversed.
CERTIORARI (269 U. S. 543) to a judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals, which affirmed a judgment of the Dis-
42847o-27-5

546

OCTOBER TERM, 1926.

Opinion of the Court.

273 U. S.

trict Court (300 Fed. 754) directing a verdict for the Collector in an action to recover money paid under protest as a federal estate tax.
Messrs. William B. McIlvaine and Arthur F. Mullen, with whom Mr. J. F. Dammannr, Jr., was on the briefs, for petitioners.
Mr. Thomas H. Lewis, Jr.,with whom SolicitorGeneral Mitchell, Assistant Attorney General Willebrandt, Mr. A. W. Gregg, General Counsel, Bureau of Internal Revenue, and Mr. Sewall Key, Attorney in the Department of Justice, were on the briefs, for respondent.
MR. JusrIcE HOLMES delivered the opinion of the Court.
This is a suit to recover the amount of a federal estate tax paid by the plaintiffs, petitioners, under duress. The District Court directed a verdict for the defendant, the collector, 300 Fed. 754, the judgment upon which was affirmed by the Circuit Court of Appeals. 6 F. (2d) 551. A writ of certiorari was granted by this Court. 2G9 U. S. 543.
The tax was levied under the Revenue Act of 1918; February 24, 1919, c. 18, § 402(c); 40 Stat. 1057, 1097, which provides that the value of the gross estate of the decedent shall be determined by including all property "To the extent of any interest therein of which the decedent has at any time made a transfer, or with respect to which he has created a trust, in contemplation of or intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after his death," &c. By § 401 the tax is laid upon the transfer of the net estate. The transfer taxed in this case was made by the testator on May 5, 1921, and was a conveyance to the United States Trust Company of Omaha of notes and bonds valued at $225,000, par, in trust to accumulate the income (subject to certain small deduc-

SHUKERT v. ALLEN.

545

Opinion of the Court.

tions in case of the extreme destitution of the testator's wife or of any of the beneficiaries named) until February 1, 1951, unless the last of the beneficiaries should have died more than twenty-one years before that date, &c., and then to divide the principal and undistributed income among his three children by name. The testator died on September 29, 1921, a few months after creating this trust, but it is not argued that he created it in contemplation of death as a device to escape taxes. The only question is whether the trust was one intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment after his death, as was ruled below.
The transfer was immediate and out and out, leaving no interest remaining in the testator. The trust in its terms has no reference to his death but is the same and unaffected whether he lives or dies. Although the Circuit Court of Appeals seems to have thought otherwise, the interest of the children respectively was vested as soon as the instrument was executed, even though it might have been divested as to any one of them in favor of his issue if any, or of the surviving beneficiaries, if he died before the termination of the trust. See Gray, The Rule Against Perpetuities, § 108(3). It seems plain from the little evidence that was put in that the testator was not acting in contemplation of death as a motive for his act, or otherwise, except in the sense that he was creating a fund intended to secure his children from want in their old age, whoever might dissipate the considerable property that he retained and left at his death; and that being fifty-six years old, if he thought about it, he would have contemplated the possibility or probability of his being dead before the emergency might arise. Of course it was not argued that every vested interest that manifestly would take effect in actual enjoyment after the grantor's death was within the statute. There certainly is no transfer taking effect after his death to be taxed under § 401.

OCTOBER TERM, 1926.

Syllabus.

273 U. S.

It is not necessary to consider whether the petitioner goes too far in contending that § 402(c) should be construed to refer only to transfers of property the possession or enjoyment of which does not pass from the grantor until his death. But it seems to us tolerably plain, that when the grantor parts with all his interest in the property to other persons in trust, with no thought of avoiding taxes, the fact that the income vested in the beneficiaries was to be accumulated for them instead of being handed to them to spend, does not make the trust one intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after the grantor's death.
Judgment reversed.

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF HARTFORD, WIS-
CONSIN, v. CITY OF HARTFORD ET AL.
ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF WISCONSIN.
No. 186. Argued December 13, 1926.-Decided March 21, 1927.
1. Upon review of a judgment of a state court sustaining a discriminatory state tax on national bank shares upon the ground that the other moneyed capital, favored by the discrimination, was not employed in competition with the business of the national bank, this Court may review the evidence regarding such competition and is not concluded by the finding of the state court. P. 552.
2. The validity, under Rev. Stats. § 5219, of a state tax on national bank shares at a greater rate than that assessed on other moneyed capital depends upon whether or not the moneyed capital thus favored is employed in such a manner as to bring it into substantial competition with the business of national banks. P. 552.
3. The requirement of approximate equality in taxation (R. S. § 5219) is not limited to moneyed capital invested in state banks or to competing capital employed in private banking; it applies wherever capital, substantial in amount compared with the capitalization of national banks, is employed in a business, or by private investors, in the same sort of transactions as those in which national banks engage and in the same locality in which they do business. Pp. 555, 557.

McDONALD v. MAXWELL.

76

Syllabus.

if the contention made below differs from the contention made here to such a degree that the decision upon one would not necessarily conclude the other, the raising of one below will not permit the raising of the other here, even if the same provision of the Constitution be the basis of both claims. Compare Dewey v. Des Moines, supra; Marvin v. Trout, 199 U. S. 212, 223-224, 227.
The importance of the rule of practice is illustrated by the case at bar.- Because the reasonableness of the method of assessment was not questioned below, there is nothing in the record to show what figures and what method of calculation were used by the taxing officers. The figures adopted by this Court are presented only in the brief of the plaintiff in error. They are protested by counsel for the Commonwealth. Moreover, there is reason to believe that the inferences drawn from them are unsound.

McDONALD ET AL. V. MAXWELL ET AL., EXECUTORS.
CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
No. 147. Argued January 20, 1927.--Decided April 11, 1927.
1. A decision of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, in Probate, allowing a commission to executors in the approval of their yearly account, is reviewable by appeal without bill of exceptions, where an issue of law only was involved, raised by exceptions of the beneficiaries to the account. P. 95.
4 Compare Hamilton Co. v. Massachusetts, 6 Wall. 632, 636; National Bank v. Commonwealth, 9 Wall. 353, 363; Edwards v. Elliott, 21 Wall. 532, 557; Wilson v. McNamee, 102 U. S. 372; Keokuk & Hamilton Bridge Co. v. Illinois, 175 U. S. 626, 633; Bolln v. Nebraska, 176 U. S. 83, 90; Chapin v. Fye, 179 U. S. 127; Capital City Dairy Co. v. Ohio, 183 U. S. 238, 248; Cox v. Texas, 202 U. S. 446, 452; Montanav. Rice, 204 U. S. 291, 301; Hunter v. Pittsburgh,207 U. S. 161, 180; Selover, Bates & Co. v. Walsh, 226 U. S. 112; Illinois Cen-

OCTOBER TERM, 1926.

Opinion of the Court.

274 U. S.

2. Stock dividends on corporate shares in a decedent's estate in process of administration, do not in themselves represent an increase of value upon which the executor is entitled to have a commission. Gibbons v. Mahon, 136 U. S. 549. P. 96.
3. Judgment entered nunc pro tunc, as of the day on which the cause was argued and submitted, in view of the death of one of the respondents since occurring. P. 99.
6 F. (2d) 678, reversed.

CERTIOIIARI (269 U. S. 542) to a judgment of the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia which affirmed a judgment allowing commissions to the respondent executors, over exceptions exhibited on behalf of the beneficiaries.

Mr. Charles V. Imlay, with whom Mr. CharlesE. Wainwright was on the brief, for petitioners.

Mr. FredericD. McKenney, with whom Messrs. John S. Flannery, G. Bowdoin Craighill, Joseph S. Graydon, and Edward DeWitt were on the brief, for respondents.

MR. JUSTICE SANFORD delivered the opinion of the Court.

In the course of a proceeding that had been pending

for many years in the Supreme Court of the District of

Columbia, sitting as a Probate Court, for the administra-

tion of the estate of James McDonald, deceased, under

his last will and testament, the executors were allowed

certain commissions for the one year period covered by

their ninth account. On an appeal by the beneficiaries

under the will, two of whom are minors represented by

a guardian ad litem, the District Court of Appeals, being

of opinion that there was "nothing on the face of the

record

to indicate 0

error,"

affirmed

the

judgment

allowing

tral R. R. Co. v. Mulberry Coal Co., 238 U. S 275, 281; Bullen v. Wisconsin, 240 U. S. 625, 632; Hiawassee River P. Co. v. Power Co., 252 U. S. 341. Compare Virginian Ry. Co. v. Mullens, 271 U. S. 220.

McDONALD v. MAXWELL.

91

Opinion of the Court.

these commissions. 6 F. (2d) 678. And this writ of

certiorari was thereupon granted. 269 U. S. 542.

A motion by the executors to dismiss the writ and

affirm the judgment, on the ground, in effect, that the

record presents no substanial question for review, was

postponed to the hearing; and the case has been heard

on this motion and on the merits.

The record-aside from formal and undisputed mat-

ters-consists of the account filed by the executors, a

report and exception by the guardian ad litem, an excep-

tion by the adult beneficiary, and the order of the court

allowing the commissions. From these it appears that

the executors, in August, 1923, filed their ninth account,

covering the period from July 11, 1922 to July 12, 1923-

hereinafter referred to as the accounting period. In this

account they stated, under the heading of "Receipts

Principal Account," that, in addition to the balance of

principal in their hands on July 11, 1922, shown by their

eighth account, they had charged themselves with the

profits received during the accounting period from the

sales of certain inventoried items, aggregating $1,604.32,

and with certain shares of stock which they had received

during the accounting period as stock dividends, "at the

face or par value thereof," aggregating $1,570,325, making

a total of $1,571,929.32; and that they "claim and hereby

retain for their services a commission of five per cent. upon

profits realized on proceeds of inventoried items, and the

par or face value of stocks received as dividend, viz,

$1,571,929.32 ......

.. 78,596.47."

They further stated, under the heading "Income Ac-

count," that, in addition to the balance of income shown

by their eighth account, they had charged themselves

with income received during the accounting period on the

property owned by the estate, aggregating $247,814.39;

and that they "also claim and hereby retain for their

services a commission of five (5) per cent. upon the

94

OCTOBER TERM, 1926.

Opinion of the Court.

274 U. S.

annual income and profits on income investments received . . .. 12,390.72."
The guardian ad litem, pursuant to a former order of the court, filed a report concerning the matters involved in this account, in which-after pointing out that the executors on their previous accounts had been allowed commissions of more than $200,000 upon the principal of the estate and $50,000 upon the income-he insisted that the sum of $12,390.72, claimed as commission on the income received, was a sufficient compensation for their services during the accounting period; and that as to the additional commission of $78,596.47 claimed on an "increase in principal" of $1,571,929.32, the stock dividends of $1,570,325, of which this mainly consisted, were "not a proper basis upon which to charge a commission." And he specifically "except(ed) to the requested allowance of $78,596.47 for commission on principal."
The adult beneficiary also filed an exception to the account upon the ground that "the commissions claimed, in large part, are based upon an alleged increase in the capital assets, of said estate . . . consisting in the issuance to said estate, as the holder of stock in a large number of corporations, of stock dividends, when as a matter of law and of fact, the issuance of said stock dividends added nothing to the interest of said estate as a share holder in said corporations, but merely changed the evidence of said interest, in the shape of stock certificates," and "the issuance of stock dividends to said estate cannot be considered as an increase of either capital or income."
Thereafter, the court, without handing down an opinion, entered an order reciting that the ninth account of the executors "being now presented for approval, the same is, after examination by the Court, approved and passed, the executors being allowed $12,390.72 commission on income, as claimed, but being hereby allowed

McDONALD v. MAXWELL.

91

Opinion of the Court.

$50,000.00 commission on increase in principal instead of

$78,596.47 claimed."

It thus is, apparent that the court allowed the com-

mission of $50,000 "upon profits realized on proceeds of

inventoried items, and the par or face value of stocks

received as dividend, viz, $1,571,929.32," for which the

executors had claimed a commission of $78,596.47, on

the ground that these profits and the par or face value

of the stock dividends constituted an " increase in princi-

pal" upon which a commission could be allowed.

The beneficiaries do not challenge here so much of this

allowance as was based on the $1,604.32 of profits realized

from inventoried items, on which the executors claimed

a commission of 5 per cent., or $80.22. And the sole

question presented is whether the remainder of the

$50,000 allowed as a "commission on increase in princi-

pal," that is, at least $49,019.78, which was based

solely on the $1,570,325 of stock dividends, was properly

allowed.

The Court of Appeals-after stating that the orders in

a proceeding in the District Probate Court are reviewable

only in accordance with the practice at common law by

which the evidence must be brought up in a bill of excep-

tions, and that the record did not contain any bill of

exceptions or purport to show the substance of the testi-

mony-said: "The court below, evidently after a hearing

in which all pertinent facts and circumstances were con-

sidered, reached the conclusion that the executors were

entitled to $50,000 commission on increase in principal,

and made that allowance. The facts and circumstances

upon which this allowance was based are not before us,

and, there being nothing on the face of the record to

indicate error, it is apparent that the judgment must be

affirmed ...

." We think this was error.

This proceeding is not like one for the probate of a will

involving an issue as to the competency of the testator, in

OCTOBER TERM, 1026.

Opinion of the Court.

274 U. S.

which the parties have a right to a trial by jury and to bills of exception covering the rulings of the court during the progress of the trial, and a review may be had upon writ of error, Ormsby v. Webb, 134 U. S. 47, 64, but one in which the District Supreme Court, sitting in probate, is clothed, as an orphans! court, with power to proceed with the settlement and distribution of the estate in accordance with equitable principles and procedure, and
a controversy in matter of law raised by the exceptions of the beneficiaries to the executors' account, and apparent on the record, is reviewable on appeal. Kenaday v. Sinnott, 179 U. S. 606, 614.
Here the exceptions raised no issue as to the matters of fact stated in the executors' account, but a question of law merely. There is no recital in the record that the order was based upon any evidence submitted; no reference to the hearing of any evidence; and nothing, we think, from which any inference can be rightly drawn that the court made an investigation of any matters not shown by the executors' account, or allowed the commission on the stock dividends on any ground other than that as matter of law the receipt of the stock dividends constituted an "increase in principal" of the estate.
And as to this we think the ruling was erroneous. There was, it is to be noted, no statement in the executors' account that the aggregate value of the dividend shares received and the original shares on hand at the commencement of the accounting period, was any greater than the value of the original shares alone before the dividend shares were issued, or that the value of the principal of the estate had increased in any manner during the accounting period. They made no claim for the allowance of an additional commission on the ground that there had been such an increase; their sole claim being, as shown by their account, that they were entitled

McDONALD v. MAXWELL.

91

Opinion of the Court.

to the additional commission by reason of the fact that they had received stock dividends of the par value stated. And, for aught that appeared from their account, the combined value of the original shares and the dividend shares was precisely the same at the end of the accounting period as the value of the original shares alone at its commencement.
Assuming, but not deciding, that if the executors' account had shown an increase in the value of the principal of the estate during the accounting period, this, if claimed, would have been a proper basis for the allowance of an additional commission, it is clear that the mere fact that the executors had received the stock dividends during the accounting period did not show any increase in the principal of the estate.
In Gibbons v. Mahon, 136 U. S. 549, 559, 565, in determining whether a stock dividend accrued to the tenant for life under a trust estate, this Court said: "A stock dividend really takes nothing from the property of the corporation, and adds nothing to the interests of the shareholders. Its property is not diminished, and their interests are not increased. After such a dividend, as before, the corporation has the title in all the corporate property; the aggregate interests therein of all the shareholders are represented by the whole number of shares; and the proportional interest of each shareholder remains the same. The only change is in the evidence which represents that interest, the new shares and the original shares together representing the same proportional interest that the original shares represented before the issue of new ones." And the Court quoted with approval the statement in Williams v. Western Union Telegraph Co., 93 N. Y. 162, 189, that: "After such a dividend the aggregate of the stockholders own no more interest in the corporation than before. The whole number of shares
5-5514°-28----7

98

OCTOBER TERM, 1926.

Opinion of the Court.

274 IT.S.

before the stock dividend represented the whole property of the corporation, and after the dividend they represent that and no more. A stock dividend does not distribute property, but simply dilutes the shares as they existed before." So in Eisner v. Macomber, 252 U. S. 189, 211, in which it was held that stock dividends were not taxable as income, the Court said: "The essential and controlling fact is that the stockholder has received nothing out of the company's assets for his separate use and benefit; on the contrary, every dollar of his original investment, together with whatever accretions and accumulations have resulted from employment of his money and that of the other stockholders in the business of the company, still remains the property of the company, and subject to business risks which may result in wiping out the entire investment. Having regard to the very truth of the matter, to substance and not to form, he has received nothing that answers the definition of income within the meaning of the Sixteenth Amendment."
It is apparent, in the light of these decisions, that the stock dividends received by the executors represented no real increase in the principal of the estate during the accounting period. They merely changed the form of the estate's investment in the corporate stocks by increasing the number of its shares, but left the aggregate value of all its shares the same as that before the dividend shares were issued. After their issuance, which necessarily "diluted" the value of the original shares, the dividend shares and the original shares together represented the same proportional interest in the corporate properties that had previously been represented by the original shares alone; no more, and no less. Clearly, therefore, the dividend shares themselves represented no increase in the value of the estate; and they could not properly be taken as the basis for the allowance of a commission to the

NICHOLS v. COOLIDGE.

501

Counsel for Parties.

In my opinion, then, the Coast Guard is authorized to arrest American vessels subject to forfeiture under our law, no matter what the place of seizure and no matter what the law violated.
MR. JUSTICE HOLMES joins in this opinion.

NICHOLS, COLLECTOR, v. COOLIDGE ET AL., EXECUTORS.
ERROR TO THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE
DISTRICT OF MASSACHUSETTS.
No. 88. Argued January 6, 7, 1927.-Decided May 31, 1927.
1. An absolute conveyance of real estate made without money consideration by deed to the grantor's children is not a transfer intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after the grantor's death within the intendment of §402, par. (c) of the Revenue Act approved February 24, 1919, "Estate Tax," although the premises were contemporaneously leasea by the grantees to the grantor for one year or any. renewal thereof, but subject to the lessors' right to terminate the term during any year, and although the parties contemplated that the grantor should enjoy the property for residential purposes as long as she desired, but made no valid agreement to that effect. P. 538.
2. Section 402 (c), supra, in so far as it requires that there shall be included in the gross estate the value of property transferred by a decedent prior to its passage, merely because the conveyance was to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after his death, violates the Fifth Amendment. P. 542.
4 F. (2d) 112, affirmed.
ERROR to a judgment of the District Court, recovered by Coolidge and Loring, Executors, from Nichols, Collector, representing the amount of certain federal estate taxes unlawfully assessed and collected over their protest.
Mr. Thomas H. Lewis, Jr., Attorney in the Bureau of Internal Revenue, with whom Solicitor GeneralMitchell,

532

OCTOBER TERM, 1926.

Opinion of the Court.

274 U. S.

Mr. A. W. Gregg, General Counsel, Bureau of Internal Revenue, and Mr. Newton K. Fox, Attorney in the Bureau of Internal Revenue, were on the brief, for plaintiff in error.

Mr. Robert G. Dodge, with whom Mr. Harold S. Davis was on the brief, for defendants in error.

Messrs. Tyson S. Dines, Peter H. Holme, Harold D. Roberts, J. Churchill Owen, Abram J. Rose, Leonard B. Smith, Isaac B. Lipson, Russell L. Bradford, Henry C. Eldert, Arthur D. Hill, Richard H. Wiswall, Arthur F. Mullen, and Antoinette Funk filed briefs as amici curiae, by special leave of Court.

MR. JUSTICE MCREYNOLDS delivered the opinion of the Court.

Defendants in error sued to recover additional federal taxes exacted of the estate in their keeping. The cause was heard upon an agreed statement; judgment went for them on a directed verdict; and this writ of error, allowed April 3, 1925, brings the matter here. In a comprehensive charge the trial court interpreted the law, but gave no further opinion. 4 Fed. (2d) 112.
Mrs. Julia Coolidge, of Massachusetts, died January 6, 1921. As required by the Revenue Act approved February 24, 1919, c. 18, 40 Stat. 1057, 1096, the executors returned a schedule to the Collector. He estimated the gross estate at $180,184.73 and allowed $77,747.74 deductions. They paid the amount assessed upon the balance. Their return did not include certain property transferred by the decedent through duly executed deeds and without valuable consideration, some to trustees and some directly to her children. The Commissioner of Internal Revenue held that under § 402 (c) the value of all this property at her death must be imlxided in the gross estate.

NICHOLS v. COOLIDGE.

531

Opinion of the Court.

He raised the assessment accordingly and demanded the
additional tax-34,662.65--here challenged. July 29, 1907, Mrs. Coolidge and her husband owned
certain real estate in Boston, also valuable personal property, which they transferred without consideration to trustees, who agreed to hold it and pay the income to the settlors, then to the survivor, and after his death to dis-
tribute the corpus among the settlors' five children or their representatives. The deed directed that the interest of any child predeceasing the survivor should pass as provided by the statute of distribution "in effect at the time of the death of such survivor." The trustees were authorized to sell the property, to make and change investments, etc. April 6, 1917, the settlors assigned to the children their entire interest in the property, especially any right to the income therefrom. At the death of Mrs. Coolidge the trustees held property worth $432,155.35, but through sales and changes much of what they originally received had passed from their possession.
May 18, 1917, by deeds purporting to convey the fee Mrs. Coolidge-her husband joining-gave their five children two parcels of land long used by her for residences. Contemporaneously the grantees leased these parcels to the conveyors for one year at nominal rental, with provision for annual renewals until notice to the contrary. All parties understood that renewals would be made if either lessee wished to occupy the premises. When Mrs.
Coolidge died the value of this property was $274,300. Plaintiff in error now maintains the above-described
transfers by Mrs. Coolidge were intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after death, within the ambit of § 402 (c), Act February 24, 1919, and that the value at her death of the property held by the conveyees constituted part of her gross estate.
The court below held the transfer of the residences (1917) was absolute; the right to possess, or enjoy them

534

OCTOBER TERM, 1926.

Opinion of the Court.

274 U. S.

did not depend upon death; and their value constituted no part of the gross estate. Also, that under the statute the value of the property conveyed to trustees in 1907 or resulting therefrom must be included in the gross estate, but, thus construed, the Act went beyond the power of Congress.
Relevant portions of "Title IV-Estate Tax," Act February 24, 1919, are printed below.* It undertakes to
* Sec. 401. That (in lieu of the tax imposed by Title II of the
Revenue Act of 1916, as amended, and in lieu of the tax imposed by Title IX of the Revenue Act of 1917) a tax equal to the sum of the following percentages of the value of the net estate (determined as provided in section 403) is hereby imposed upon the transfer of the net estate of every decedent dying after the passage of this Act, whether a resident or nonresident of the United States:
1 per centum of the amount of the net estate not in excess of $50,000;
2 per centum of the amount by which the net estate exceeds $50,000 and does not exceed $150,000;
3 per centum of the amount by which the net estate exceeds $150,000 and does not exceed $250,000;
4 per centum of the amount by which the net estate exceeds $250,000 and does not exceed $450,000;
6 per centum of the amQunt by which the net estate exceeds $450,000 and does not exceed $750,000;
25 per centum of the amount by which the net estate exceeds $10,000,000. . .
Sec. 402. That the value of the gross estate of the decedent shall be determined by including the value at the time of his death of all property, real or personal, tangible or intangible, wherever situated-
(a) To the extent of the interest therein of the decedent at the time of his death which after his death is subject to the payment of the charges againsi his estate and the expenses of its administration and is subject to distribution as part of his estate;
(b) To the extent of any interest therein of the surviving spouse, existing at the time of the decedent's death as dower, courtesy, or by virtue of a statute creating an estate in lieu of dower or courtesy;
(c) To the extent of any interest therein of which the decedent has at any time made a transfer, or with respect to which he has at any time created a trust, in contemplation of or intended to take

NICHOLS v. COOLIDGE.

535

531

Opinion of the Court.

lay a charge equal to the sum of specified percentagesfrom one to twenty-five---" of the value of the net estate . . . upon the transfer of the net estate of every

effect in possession or enjoyment at or after his death (whether such transfer or trust is made or created before or after the passage of this Act), except in case of a bona fide sale for a fair consideration in money or money's worth. Any transfer of a material part of his property in the nature of a final disposition or distribution thereof, made by the decedent within two years prior to his death without such a consideration, shall, unless shown to the contrary, be deemed to have been made in contemplation of death within the meaning of this title;
(d) To the extent of the interest therein held jointly or as tenants in the entirety by the decedent and any other person, or deposited in banks or other institutions in their joint names and payable to either or the survivor, except such part thereof as may be shown to have originally belonged to such other person and never to have belonged
to the decedent;
(e) To the extent of any property passing under a general power of appointment exercised by the decedent (1) by will, or (2) by deed executed in contemplation of, or intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after, his death, except in case of a bona fide sale for a fair consideration in money or money's worth; and
(f) To the extent of the amount receivable by the executor as insurance under policies taken out by the decedent upon his own life; and to the extent of the excess over $40,000 of the amount receivable by all other beneficiaries as insurance under policies taken out by the decedent upon his own life.
Sec. 403. That for the purpose of the tax the value of the net estate shall be determined-
(a) In the case of a resident, by deducting from the value of the gross estate [specified items and an exemption of $50,000] .
See. 408. . . . If the tax or any part thereof is paid by, or collected out of that part of the estate passing to or in the possession
of, any person other than the executor in his capacity as such, such person shall be entitled to reimbursement out of any part of the estate still undistributed or by a just and equitable contribution by the persons whose interest in the estate of the decedent would have been reduced if the tax had been paid before the distribution of the estate or whose interest is subject to equal or prior liability for the payment of taxes, debts, or other charges against the estate, it being

536

OCTOBER TERM, 1926.

Opinion of the Court.

274 U. S.

decedent" dying thereafter. And it directs that the net estate shall be ascertained by deducting from the gross certain items and an exemption of $50,000. Also, "That

the purpose and intent of this title that so far as is practicable and unless otherwise directed by the will of the decedent the tax shall be paid out of the estate before its distribution. If any part of the gross estate consists of proceeds of policies of insurance upon the life of the decedent receivable by a beneficiary other than the executor, the executor shall be entitled to recover from such beneficiary such portion of the total tax paid as the proceeds, in excess of $40,000, of such policies bear to the net estate. If there is more than one such beneficiary the executor shall be entitled to recover from such beneficiaries in the same ratio.
See. 409. That unless the tax is sooner paid in full, it shall be a lien for ten years upon the gross estate of the decedent, except that such part of the gross estate as is used for the payment of charges against the estate and expenses of its administration, allowed by any court having jurisdiction thereof, shall be divested of such lien. If the Commissioner is satisfied that the tax liability of an estate has been fully discharged or provided for, he may, under regulations prescribed by him with the approval of the Secretary, issue his certificate releasing any or all property of such estate from the lien
herein imposed. If (a) the decedent makes a transfer of, or creates a trust with
respect to, any property in contemplation of or intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after his death (except in the case of a bona fide sale for a fair consideratioh in money or money's worth) or (b) if insurance passes under a contract executed by the decedent in favor of a specific beneficiary, and if in either case the
tax in respect thereto is not paid when due, then the transferee, trustee, or beneficiary shall be personally liable for such tax, and such property, to the extent of the decedents interest therein at the time of such transfer, or to the extent of such beneficiary's interest under such contract of insurance, shall be subject to a like lien equal to the amount of such tax. Any part of such property sold by such transferee or trustee to a bona fide purchaser for a fair consideration in money or money's worth shall be divested of the lien and a like lien shall then attach to all the property of such transferee or trustee, except any part sold to a bona fide purchaser for a fair consideration in money or money's worth.

NICHOLS v. COOLIDGE,

537 "

531

Opinion of the Court.

the value of the gross estate of the decedent shall be determined by including the value at the time of his death of all property, real or personal, tangible or intangible, wherever situated "-
(a) To the extent of his interein therein subject to the payment of charges against the estate, expenses of administration, and subject to distribution. (b) The dower or courtesy, etc., interest of the surviving spouse. (c) To the extent of any interest therein of which the decedent has at any time made a transfer, or with respect to which he has at any time created a trust, in contemplation of or intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after his death (whether such transfer or trust is made or created before or after the passage of this Act), except in case of a bona fide sale for a fair consideration in money or money's worth. (d) Any interest held jointly with another and payable to the survivor. (e) Property passing under a general power of appointment. (f) The excess over $40,000 of insurance taken out by the decedent upon his own life.
Edwards v. Slocum, 264 U. S. 61, 62, says of this tax: "This is not a tax upon a residue, it is a tax upon a transfer of his net estate by a decedent, a distinction marked by the words that we have quoted from the statute, and previously commented upon at length in Knowlton v. Moore, 178 U. S. 41, 49, 77. It comes into existence before and is independent of the receipt of the property by the legatee. It taxes, as Hanson, Death Duties, puts it in a passage cited in 178 U. S. 49, 'not the interest to which some person succeeds on a death, but the interest which ceased by reason of death.' " Y. M. C. A. v. Davis, 264 U. S. 47, 50: "What was being imposed here [Act February 24, 1919] was an excise upon the transfer of an estate upon death of the owner."

538

3 OCTOBER TERM, 1926.

Opinion of the Court.

274 U. S.

Concerning transfer of the residences in 1917, the trial court charged-
"I do not have much difficulty in reaching a conclusion respecting the deeds of the Boston and Brookline real estate, and I will first consider the claims of the parties respecting those transfers.
"The deeds conveyed, with warranty covenants, absolute and indefeasible title to the real estate without any valid reservations, conditions or restrictions whatsoever.
"The leases, executed the same day, were for one year or any renewal thereof but were always subject to the right in the lessors to terminate the term during any year by giving the notice as therein provided. It is conceded that the parties contemplated that the premises would be enjoyed by the decedent and her husband so long as they might desire to use them for residential purposes, but the decedent had no valid agreement to that effect. Her rights must be held to be governed by the term of
the lease. If it could be said that the grantees did not come into full possession and enjoyment of the estate at the time of the conveyances-and I am inclined to the opinion that they did-their right to come into full possession did not depend in the slightest degree upon the death of the grantor. The effect of this transaction was to vest in the five sons named in the deed full and complete title to the property including the right of disposition. They had a right to sell the property subject to the lease and had all rights incident to ownership. There was here a gift completed during the lifetime of the donor. The act of 1918 did not purport to tax such gifts.
"I have reached the conclusion, therefore, that respecting the property conveyed by the deed, the facts of this case do not bring the property within the reach of the statute and that the Commissioner of Internal Revenue

NICHOLS v. COOLIDGE.

539

531

Opinion of the Court.

was without authority to include the value of it as a part of the gross estate. I, therefore, give the following instructions, as requested by the plaintiffs: The real estate referred to in the second count of the declaration was not a part of the net estate of Julia Coolidge within
the meaning of the Revenue Act of 1918." We agree with this conclusion and accept as adequate
the reasons advanced to support it.. Counsel for the United States argue that the chal-
lenged subsection only undertakes to tax the transfer from the dead and merely uses the gross estate to measure the charge. Taken together, §§ 402, 408 and 409 disclose definite purpose to do much more than tax this transfer.
Section 402 directs that the gross estate shall be ascertained by including (among other things) the value at his death of all property "to the extent of any interest therein of which the decedent has at any time made a transfer, or with respect to which he has at any time created a trust, in contemplation of or intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after his death (whether such transfer or trust is made or created before or after the passage of this Act), except in case of a bona fide sale for a fair consideration in money or money's worth." The language of this section inhibits the conclusion that only subsequent transfers are to be included. Under Lewellyn v. Frick, 268 U. S. 238, 251, only such transfers come within § 402 (f). Shwab v. Doyle, 258 U. S. 529, 536, confined § 202 (b), Act September 8, 1916, c. 463, 39 Stat. 756, 777-prototypes of § 402 (c), Act 1919-to subsequent transfers. The emphatic words, "whether such transfer or trust is made or created before or after the passage of this Act," added by the latter Act, evidently were intended to exclude a like construction.
Section 408 authorizes an executor to recover from one who receives life insurance "such portion of the total tax paid as the proceeds, in excess of $40,000, of such policies

540

OCTOBER TERM, 1926.

Opinion of the Court.

274 U. S.

bear to the net estate." Section 409 imposes a lien to secure the tax upon the gross estate; and provides: "If (a) the decedent makes a transfer of, or creates a trust with respect to, any property in contemplation of or intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after his death (except in the case of a bona fide sale for a fair consideration in money or money's worth) or (b) if insurance passes under a contract executed by the decedent in favor of a specific beneficiary, and if in either case the tax in respect thereto is not paid when due, then the transferee, trustee, or beneficiary shall be personally liable for such tax, and such property, to the extent of the decedent's interest therein at the time of such transfer, or to the extent of such beneficiary's interest under such contract of insurance, shall be subject to a like lien equal to the amount of such tax."
For the United States it is said that the imposition under consideration is an exercise of the federal taxing power and is imposed upon a transmission of property by death. Also, that what Congress intended was to provide a measure for the tax which would operate equally upon all those who made.testamentary dispositions of their property, whether this was by will or intestacy or only testamentary in effect; the immediate purpose was not to prevent evasions, for the statute applies to transactions completed when there was none to be evaded. And the conclusion is that the measure adopted is reasonable, since the specified transactions are testementary in effect.
But the conveyance by Mrs. Coolidge to trustees was in no proper sense testamentary, and it bears no substantial relationship to the transfer by death. The mere desire to equalize taxation cannot justify a burden on something not within congressional power. The language of the statute is not consistent with the idea that it utilizes the gross estate merely to measure a proper

NICHOLS v. COOLIDGE.

531

Opinion of the Court.

charge upon the transfer by death. See Lewellyn. v. Frick, supra. Frick v. Pennsyivania, 268 U. S. 473, 494, rejected a somewhat similar claim, and said-" Of course, this was but the equivalent of saying that it was admissible to measure the tax by a standard which took no account of the distinction between what the State had power to tax and what it had no power to tax, and which necessarily operated to make the amount of the tax just what it would have been had the State's power included what was excluded by the Constitution. This ground, in our opinion, is not tenable. It would open the way
for easily doing indirectly what is forbidden to be done directly, and would render important constitutional limitations of no avail."
The exaction is not a succession tax like the one sustained by Scholey v. Rew, 23 Wall. 331. Keeney v. New York, 222 U. S. 525. The right to become beneficially entitled is not the occasion for it. There is no claim that the transfers were made in contemplation of death or with purpose to evade taxation. The provision applicable in such circumstances is not relied on and the extent of congressional power to prevent evasion or defeat of duly-imposed exactions need not be discussed.
Certainly, Congress may lay an excise upon the transfer of property by death reckoned upon the value of the interest which passes thereby. But under the mere guise of reaching something within its powers Congress may not lay a charge upon what is beyond them. Taxes are very real things and statutes imposing them are estimated by practical results.
As the executors paid the contested charge out of property which actually passed by death, only their rights are here involved. If the fund held by them had been insufficient and payment had been exacted from others, somewhat different questions might require consideration. Lewellyn v. Frick, supra.

542

OCTOBER TERM, 1926.

Opinion of the Court.

.274U. S.

The statute requires the executors to pay an excise ostensibly laid upon transfer of property by death from Mrs. Coolidge to them but reckoned upon its value plus the value of other property conveyed before the enactment in entire good faith and without contemplation of death. Is the statute, thus construed, within the power of Congress?
Undoubtedly, Congress may require that property subsequently transferred in contemplation of death be treated as part of the estate for purposes of taxation. This is necessary to prevent evasion and give practical effect to the exercise of admitted power, but the right is limited by the necessity.
Under the theory advanced for the United States, the arbitrary, whimsical and burdensome character of the challenged tax is plain enough. An excise is prescribed, but the amount of it is made to depend upon past lawful transactions, not testamentary in character and beyond recall. Property of small value transferred before death may have become immensely valuable, and the estate tax, swollen by this, may leave nothing for distribution. Real estate transferred years ago, when of small value, may be worth an enormous sum at the death. If the deceased leaves no estate there can be no tax; if, on the other hand, he leaves ten dollars both that and the real estate become liable. Different estates must bear disproportionate burdens determined by what the deceased did one or twenty years before he died. See Frew v. Bowers, 12 Fed. (2d) 625.
This court has recognized that a statute purporting to tax may be so arbitrary and capricious as to amount to confiscation and offend the Fifth Amendment. Brushaber v. Union Pacific R. R., 240 U. S. 1, 24; Barclay & Co. v. Edwards,267 U. S. 442,450. See also Knowlton v. Moore, 178 U. S. 41, 77. And we must conclude that § 402 (c)

