GUARANTY TRUST CO. v. BLODGETT. 509

502

Syllabus.

It follows that the statutory presumption as construed by the court below is free from constitutional infirmity under the due process clause.
The objection that because the presumption applies only to railway c6mpanies, its effect is to deprive appellants of the equal protection of the laws is clearly untenable. Atlantic Coast Line v. Georgia,234 U. S. 280, 289; Kansas City Southern Ry. Co. v. Anderson, 233 U. S. 325, 330; Seaboard Air Line v. Seegers, 207 U. S. 73' 76; Mobile, J. & K. C. R. Co. v. Turnipseed, supra; Missouri Pacific Ry. Co. v. Mackey, 127 U. S. 205, 209. There is even less ground for the final contention that the statutory presumption under consideration violates the interstatE commerce clause of the federal Constitution. Upon that point we are satisfied with what was said by the court below upon the authority, among other cases, of Atlantic Coast Line v. Georgia,supra,at p. 290, and Southern Ry. Co. v. King, 217 U. S. 524, 531-533.
Judgment affirmed.

GUARANTY TRUST CO., EXECUTOR, v. BLODGETT, TAX COMMISSIONER.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPERIOR COURT OF FAIRFIELD COUNTY, CONNECTICUT.
No. 217. Argued December'15, 1932.-Decided January 9, 1933.
1. Where it is claimed that a state statute imposing a tax has been applied by the state supreme court to an earlier contract in violation of the contract impairment clause of the Constitution, the opinion of th.at court definitely sustaining the tax on another statute antedating the contract must be accepted, in the absence of convincing reasons to the contrary. P. 512.
2. The contract clause not being involved, a construction placed upon a state statute by the state.supreme court binds this Court as fully as if expressed in the statute itself in specific words. P. 513.

OCTOBER TERM; 1932.

Argument for Appellant.

287 U.S.

3. Where property is conveyed irrevocably in trust to pay the income to the grantor during life and thereafter to another beneficiary, the shifting of possession or enjoyment on the grantor's death is an event "generated" by the death upon which the State constitutionally may impose a succession tax.' P. 513.
114 Conn. 207; 158 AtI. 245, affirmed.

APPEAL from a judgment.entered in the Superior Court of Connecticut on advice sent down from the Supreme Court of Errors in response to questions of law reserved for its decision. The case first came into the Superior Court by appeal of the Tax Commissioner from a decree of the Probate Court for the District of Greenwich holding the succession in question non-taxable.

Mr. Gregory Hankin for appellant. The trust deed was a contract which vested the grantor and the beneficiaries with definite rights as of the date of the transfer. In previous cases this Court has held that an irrevocable trust operated to fix the rights to the property as of the time of the transfer, not as of the time of the decedent's death,-this irrespective of whether the tax was im-
posed on the right to transmit or on the right to receive. While the court below expressly held that the tax was
governed by the statute in force at the time of the transfer,. it actually gave effect to a statute enacted after the transfer.
This Court will give independent consideration to the question whether there was a contract, what wag its nature and effect and whether any obligations thereunder have been impaired.
The imposition of the tax had to proceed on the assumption that the property which had already been transferred inter vives, four years before death, continued to remain in the decedent until her death, thus impairing the rights and obligations under the contract.

GUARANTY TRUST, CO. v. BLODGETT. 511

509

Opinion of the Court.

Even if the court below gave effect fo the 1923 statute, the tax was without' due process. Property transferred during lifetime through an irrevocabl6 trust is not subject to death duties, unless made in contemplation of death. This transfer, it is stipulated, was not made in contempla-
tion 6f death. The tax is not sustainable as a'property tax, because
the property was without the taxing jurisdiction of the State of Connecticut; nor as a gift tax, because the basis was lae value of the property at the decedent's death, not as of the time when the gift was made.
The tax as applied violated the equal protection clause.

Mr. Farwell Knapp, Assistant. Tax Commissioner, with whom Mr. ErnestL. Averill was on the brief, for appellee.

MR. JusTIcE SuI-HERLAwD delivered the opinion of the Court.

The Connecticut succession tax act of 1923 contains the following provision:
"All property and any interest therein owned by a-resident of- this state'at the time of 'his deceae, . . . which shall pass by will or inheritance under the laws of this state; and all gifts of such property by deed, grant or other conveyance, made in contemplation of the death of the grantor or donor, or intended to take effect in possessionlor enjoyment at or after the death of such grantor or
donor, shall be subject to the tax herein prescribed." Chap. 190, Pub. Acts, 1923, § 1.
On December 28, 1926, while this act was in force, Harriet D. Sewell executed an irrevocable deed of trust to appellant, transferring certain securities, by which deed it was provided that the trustee collect the income and pay it to Mrs. Sewell during her life. Thereafter, the income was to be paid to her husband for his life, and upon his death the trustee was directed to pay and transfer the

512

OCTOBER TERM, 1932.

Opinion of the Court.

287 U.S.

principal of the trust absolutely to their daughter if she survived, but if not, then to the issue of the daughter, with a gift over in default of such issue. Mrs. Sewell died May 20, 1930, domiciled in Connecticut.
The state supreme court held that the statute recognized the distinction between taking effect in possession or enjoyment and vesting in, right, title or interest, and intended to reach a shifting of the enjoyment of property although such shifting followed necessarily from a prior transfer of title inter vivos; that within the meaning aiid description of the statute, the transfer in question was a gift intended totake effect in possession or enjoyment at or after the death of the donor, and, therefore, was subject to the succession tax; and that the imposition of such tax did not offend against the Fourteenth Amendment or any other provision of the federal Constitution. 114 Conn. 207; .158-Atl. 245.
Appellant first contendg that while the court below expressly upheld the tax under the act of 1923, it nevertheless gave effect to the later and more specific act of 1929 (Pub. Acts, c. 299, §§ 1 and 2), and thereby the contract impaii'ment clause of the federal Constitution was infringed. This contention must be rejected. We are not at liberty to disregard the explicit holding of the state court as to the basis of its decision, except for convincing reasons, which here we are unable to find. Compare Columbia Ry. v. South Carolina,261 U. S. 236, 245-247. The entire effort of the court upon this point plainly was directed towards sustaining the view that the event sought to be taxed fell within the provisions of the act of 1923. There is a reference to the act of 1929, but the decision is definitely put upon the act of -1923, and is supported by considerations of such weight as to leave no occasion for dependence upon the later act; and the supposition that in fact effect was given to it is without warrant.

AMERICAN SURETY CO. v. MAROTTA. 513

509

Syllabus.

Si ce the court below"construed the act of 1923, with-. out regard to the act of 1929, as embracing the event sought to be taxed, and since in that view the question of contract impairment does not arise, we are bound by the decision of that court as though the meaning as fixed by the c6urt had been expressed in the statute itself in 'specific words. Great Northern Ry. Co. v. Sunburst Ol & Refining Co., dnte, p. 358; Knights of Pythiasv. Meyer, 265 U. S. 30, 32.
In that view the tax was imposed upon an event generated by the death .of the decedent. That such a tax .does not conflict with any provision of the federal Constitution-is clearly stated by this court in Coolidge v. Long, 282 U .-S. 582, 596. There a similar tax was held bad because the state statute imposing it was passed after the creation of the trusts; but the court said: "Undoubtedly the State has power to lay such an excise upon prop-
erty so passing after the taking effect of*the taxing Act." While, strictly, that statement was not necessary to the decision, we follow it as expressing the settled conviction
of this court, and, "so far as the-federal Constitutibn is concerhed, sustain the validity of the act o* 1923 as construed by the state court.
Judgment affirmed.

AMERICAN SURETY COMPANY OF NEW YORK v. MAROTTA.
CERTIOIRI TO TH CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FIRST CIRCUIT.
'No. 131. 'Argued Dpcember 8, 1932.--Decided January 9, 1933.
1. In § 1 (9) of the Bankruptcy Act, which declares that "creditor" shall "include" anyone owning a 'clainprovable in, bankruptcy, "include" is a word of extension or enlargement, not of.limitation. P. 516.

OCTOBER TERM, 1932.

Syllabus.

288 US.

adjudged him guilty of contributory negligence and moulded its verdict accordingly. But it was open to the jury, as above shown, to find that the motorman of the train was also guilty of negligence which contributed to the collision. Rocco's infraction of the rule was a concurrent cause, but may not in any proper sense be held the primary cause of the accident. His negligence did not preclude a finding by the jury that his death was in part due to the negligence of the respondent's servants. The Act imposes liability upon the carrier for injury or death resulting "in whole or in part" from the negligence of any of its officers, agents or employees (U. S. C. Tit. 45, § 51).
The judgment is reversed and the cause remanded for ,further proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion.
Rever8ed.

MR. JUSTICE MCREYNOLDS and MR. JUSTICE BUTLER are of opinion that the judgment should be affirmed.

BURNET, COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE, v. GUGGENHEIM.

CERTIORARI TO T1E

CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT.

No. 283. Argued January 11, 1933.-Decided February 6, 1933.

1. Under the Revenue Act of 1924, §§ 319, 320, taxing transfers by gift, a transfer of title by deed of trust reserving power of revocation in the grantor was not taxale while that power existed but
became so when it was surrendered. P. 283.
2. The provision was not aimed at every transfer of the legal title without consideration, but at transfers of title that have the quality
of a gift; and a gift is not consummate until put beyond recall. P. 288. 3. Uncertainties in statutes should be so resolved as to avoid unnecessary hardships. P. 285.

BURNET v. GUGGENHEIM.

280

Opinion of the Court.

4. In applying the rule that doubt in a taxing act shall be resolved in favor of the taxpayer, the court must consider the effect of a proposed liberal construction not only upon the taxpayer in the case before it, but also upon others, differently circumstanced, upon whom it would operate illiberally, and must endeavor to strike a balance of advantage. P. 286.
5. The statutory concept of a transfer by gift is illuminated by the other provisions taxing transfers by death, as to which the essence of a transfer had come to be identified more nearly with a change of economic benefits than with technicalities of title. P. 286.
58 F. (2d) 188, reversed.

CERTIORARI, 287 U. S. 587, to review the reversal of a decision of the Board of Tax Appeals, 24 B. T. A. 1181, affirming the assessment of a gift tax.

Assistant Attorney General Youngquist, with whom Attorney General Mitchell and Messrs. Sewall Key, Hayner N. Larson, and Erwin N. Griswold were on the brief, for petitioner.

Mr. Elihu Root, Jr., with whom Messrs. George E. Cleary, Elihu Root, and J. Harry Covington were on the brief, for respondent.

MR. "JUSTICE CARDozo delivered the opinion of the Court.

The question to be decided is whether deeds of trust made in 1917, with a reservation to the grantor of a power of revocation, became taxable as gifts under the Revenue Act of 1924 when in 1925 there was a change of the deeds by the cancellation of the power.
On June 28, 1917, the respondent, a resident of New York, executed in New Jersey two deeds of trust, one for the benefit of his son, and one for the benefit of his daughter. The trusts were to continue for ten years, during which period part of the income was to be paid to the

OCTOBER TERM, 1932.

Opinion of the Court.

288 U.S.

beneficiary and part accumulated. At the end of the ten year period the principal and the accumulated income were to go to the beneficiary, if living; if not living, then to his or her children; and if no children survived, then to the settlor in the case of the son's trust, and in the case of the daughter's trust to the trustees of the son's trust as an increment to the fund. The settlor reserved to himself broad powers of control in respect of the trust property and its investment and administration. In particular, there was an unrestricted power to modify, alter or revoke the trusts except as to income, received or accrued. The power of investment and administration was transferred by the settlor from himself to others in May, 1921. The power to modify, alter or revoke was eliminated from the deeds, and thereby canceled and surrendered, in July, 1925.
In the meanwhile Congress had passed the Revenue Act of 1924 which included among its provisions a tax upon gifts. "For the calendar year 1924 and each calendar
year thereafter . . . a tax . . . is hereby imposed upon the transfer by a resident by gift during such calendar year of any property wherever situated, whether made directly or indirectly," the tax to be assessed in accordance with a schedule of percentages upon the value of the property.. 43 Stat. 253, 313, c. 234, §§ 319, 320; 26 U. S.
Code, §§ 1131, 1132. At the date of the cancellation of the power of revoca-
tion, the value of the securities constituting the corpus of the two trusts was nearly $13,000,000. Upon this value the Commissioner assessed against the donor a tax of $2,465,681, which the Board of Tax Appeals confirmed
with a slight modification due to a mistake in computation. The taxpayer appealed to the Court of Appeals for the second circuit, which reversed the decisibn of the Board and held the gift exempt. 58 F. (2d) 188. The case is here on certiorari.

BURNET v. GUGGENHEIM,

280

Opinion of the Court.

On November 8, 1924, more than eight months before the cancellation of the power of revocation, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, adopted and promulgated the following regulation: "The creation of a trust, where the. grantor retains the power to revest in himself title to the corpus of the trust, does not constitute a gift subject to tax, but the annual income of the trust which is paid over to the beneficiaries shall be treated as a taxable gift for the year in which so paid. Where the power retained by the grantor to revest in himself title to the corpus is not exercised, a taxable transfer will be treated as taking place in the year in which such power is terminated." Regulations 67, Article I.
The substance of this regulation has now been carried forward into the Revenue Act of 1932, which will give the rule for later, transfers. Revenue Act of 1932, c. 209; 47 Stat. 169, 245; § 501 (c).'
We think the regulation, and the later statute continuing it, are declaratory of the law which Congress meant to establish in 1924.
"Taxation is not so much concerned with the refinements of title as it is with the actual command over the property taxed-the actual benefit for which the tax is paid." Corlissv. Bowers, .281 U. S. 376, 378. Cf. Chase National Bank v. United States, 278 U. S. 327; Saltonstall v. Saltonstall, 276 U. S. 260; Tyler v. United States,
'Sec. 501(c): "The tax shall not apply to a transfer of property
in trust where the power to revest in the donor title to such property is vested in the donor, either alone or in conjunction with any person not having a substantial adverse interest in the disposition of such property or the income therefrom, but the relinquishment or termination of such power (other than by the donor's death) shall be considered to be a transfer by the donor by gift of the property subject to such power, and any payment of the income therefrom to a beneficiary other than the donor shall be considered to be a transfer by the donor of such income by gift."

284

BURNET v. GUGGENHEIM.

Opinion of the Cofirt.

288 US.

281 U. S. 497,503; Burnet v. Harmel,287 U. S. 103; Palmer
v. Bender, 287 U. S. 551. While the powers of revocation stood uncanceled in the deeds, the gifts, from the point of view of substance, were inchoate and imperfect. By concession there would have been no gift in any aspect if the donor had attempted to attain the same result by the
mere delivery of the securities into the hands of the donees. A power of revocation accompanying delivery would have made the gift a nullity. Basket v. Hassell, 107 U. S. 602. By the execution of deeds and the creation of trusts, the settlor did indeed succeed in divesting
himself of title and transferring it to others (Stone v. Hackett, 12 Gray [Mass.] 227; Van Cott v. Prentice,104
N. Y. 45; 10 N. E. 257; National Newark & Essex Banking Co. v. Rosahl, 97 N. J. Eq. 74; 128 AUt. 586; Jones v. Clifton, 101 U. S. 225), but the substance of his dominion was the same as if these forms had been omitted. Corliss v. Bowers, supra. He was free at any moment, with reasoft or without, to revest title in himself, except as to any income then collected or accrued. As to the principal of the trusts and as to income to accrue thereafter, the gifts were formal and unreal. They acquired substance and reality for the first time in July, 1925, when the deeds became absolute through the cancellation of the power.
The argument for the respondent is that Congress in laying a tax upon transfers by gift made in 1924 or in any year thereafter had in mind the passing of title, not the extinguishment of dominion. In that view the transfer had been made in 1917 when the deeds of trust were exe-
cuted. The argument for the Government is that what was done in 1917 was preliminary and tentative, and that not till 1925 was there a transfer in the sense that must have been present in the mind of Congress when laying a burden upon gifts. Petitioner and respondent are at one in the view that from the extinguishment of the power there came about a change, of legal rights and a shifting

BURNET v. GUGGENHEIM

285

280

Opinion of the Court.

of economic benefits which Congress was at liberty, under the Constitution, to tax as a transfer effected at that time. Chase National Bank v. United States, supra; SaltonstalU v. Saltonstall,supra;Tyler v. United States, supra;Corliss v. Bowers, supra. The question is not one of legislative power. It is one of legislative intention.
With the controversy thus narrowed, doubt is narrowed too. Congress did not mean that the tax should be paid twice, or partly at one time and partly at another. If a revocable deed of trust is a present transfer by -gift, there is not another transfer when the power is extinguished. If there is not a present transfer upon the delivery of the revocable deed, then there is such a transfer upon the extinguishment of the power. There must be a choice, and a consistent choice, between the one date and the other. To arrive at a decision, we have therefore to put to ourselves the question, which choice is it the more likely that Congress would have made? Let us suppose a revocable transfer made on June 3, 1924, the day after the adoption of the Revenue Act of that year. Let us suppose a power of revocation still uncanceled, or extinguished years afterwards, say in 1931. Did Congress have in view the present payment of a tax upon the full value of the subject matter of this imperfect and inchoate gift? The statute provides that upon a transfer by gift the tax upon the value shall be paid by the donor (43 Stat. 316, c. 234, § 324), and shall constitute a lien upon the property transferred. 43 Stat. c. 234, §§ 324, 315. By the act now in force, the personal liability for payment extends to the donee. Act of June 6, 1932, c. 209, § 510; 47 Stat. 249; 26 U. S. Code, § 1136 (j). A statute will be construed in
such a way as to avoid unnecessary hardship when its meaning is uncertain. Hawaii v. Mankichi, 190 U. S. 197, 214; Sorrells v. United States, 287 U. S. 435. Hardship
there plainly is in exacting the immediate payment of a tax upon the value of the principal when nothing has been

OCTOBER TERM, 1932.

Opinion of the Court.

288 US.

done to give assurance that any part of the principal will ever go to the donee. The statute is not aimed at every transfer of the legal title without consideration. Such 'a
transfer there would be if the trustees were to hold for the use of the grantor. It is aimed at transfers of the title that have the quality of a gift, and a gift is not consummate until put beyond recall.
The respondent invokes the rule that in the construc-
tion of a taxing act doubt is to be resolved in favor of the taxpayer. United States v. Merriam, 263 .U. S. 179; Gould v. Gould, 245 U. S. 151. There are many facets to such a maxim. One must view them all, if one would apply it wisely. The construction that is liberal to one taxpayer may be illiberal to others. One must strike a
balance of advantage. It happens that the taxpayer before us made his deeds in 1917, before a transfer by gift was subject to a tax. We shall alleviate his burden if we say that the gift was then complete. On the other hand, we shall be heightening the burdens of taxpayers who made deeds of gift after the Act of 1924. In making them, they had the assurance of a treasury regulation that the tax would not be laid, while the power of revocation was uncanceled, except upon the income paid from year to year. They had good reason to suppose that the tax upon the principal would not be due until the power was extinguished or until the principal was paid. If we disappoint their expectations, we shall be illiberal to them.
The tax upon gifts is closely related both in structure and in purpose to the tax upon those transfers that take effect at death. What is paid upon the one is in certain circumstances a credit to be applied in reduction of what will be due upon the other, 43 Stat. 315, § 322, 26 U. S. C,, § 1134. The gift tax is Part II of Title III of the Revenue Act of 1924; the Estate Tax is Part I of the same title. The two statutes are plainly in pari materia. There has been a steady widening of the concept of a transfer for the purpose of taxation under the provisions of Part I.

OCTOBER TERM, 1932.

Opinion of the Court.

288 U.S.

He asks why such a provision should have been placed in Part I and nothing equivalent inserted in Part II, if powers for purposes of the one tax were to be treated in the same way as powers for the purposes of the other. Section 302 (d) of the Act of 1924 is in part a reenactment of a section of the Revenue Acts of 1918 and 1921, though
it has been changed in particulars. 40 Stat. 1097, c. 18, § 402 (c); 42 Stat. 227, c. 136, § 402 (c). Cf. Reinecke v. Northern Trust Co., 278 U. S. 339. It is an outcome of that process of development which has given us a rule for almost every imaginable contingency in the assessment
of a tax under the provisions of Part I. No doubt the draftsman of the statute would have done well if he had been equally explicit in the drafting of Part II. This is not to say that reaning has been lost because extraordinary foresight would have served to make it clearer. Here as so often there is a choice between uncertainties. We must be content to choose the lesser. To lay the tax at once, while the deed is subject to the power, is to lay it on a gift that may never become consummate in any real or beneficial sense. To lay it later on is to unite benefit with burden. We think the voice of Congress has
ordained that this be done. Precedents are cited as opposed to our conclusion. We
find none of them decisive. United States v. Field, 255 U. S. 257, holds that under
the Revenue Act of 1916 (39 Stat. 777, c. 463), the subject of a power created by another is not a part of the estate of the decedent to whpm the power was committed. It does not hold that a revocable conveyance inter vivos is a perfected transfer by gift that will justify the immediate imposition of a tax upon the value. There was no such question in the case.

rights, powers, and relinqi4ishments of powers, as severally enumerated and described therein, whether made, created, arising, existing, exercised, or relinquished before or after the enactment of this act."

BURNET v. GUGGENHEIM.

287

280

Opinion of the Court.

Tyler v. United States, supra; Chase National Bank v. United States, supra; Saltonstall v. Saltonstall, supra; cf. Bullen v. Wisconsin, 240 U. S. 625. There is little likelihood that the lawmakers meant to narrow the concept, and to revert to a construction that would exalt the form above the substance, in fixing the scope of a transfer for the purposes of Part II. We do not ignore differences in precision of definition between the one part and the other. They cannot obscure identities more fundamental and important. The tax upon estates, as it stood in 1924, was the outcome of a long process of evolution; it had been refined and perfected by decisions and amendments almost without number. The tax on gifts was something new. Even so, the concept of a transfer, so painfully developed in respect of taxes on estates, was not flung aside and scouted in laying this new burden upon. transfers during life. Congress was aware that what was of the essence of a transfer had come to be identified more nearly with a change of economic benefits than with technicalities of title. The word had gained a new color, the result, no doubt in part, of repeated changes of the statutes, but a new color none the less. Cf. Towne v. Eisner, 245 U. S. 418, 425; InternationalStevedoring Co. v. Haverty, 272 U. S. 50; Gooch v. Oregon Short Line R. Co., 258 U. S. 22, 24; Hawks v. Hamill, ante, 52, 57.
The respondent finds comfort in the provisions of § 302 (d) of the Act of 1924, governing taxes on estates.2

'By section 302 (d), the gross estate of a decedent is to be taken as including the subject of any trust which he has created during life
"where the enjoyment thereof was subject at the date of his death to any change through the exercise of a power, either by the, decedent alone or in conjunction with any person, to alter, amend, or' revoke, or where the decedent relinquished any such power in contemplation of his death, ekcept in case of a bona fide sale for a fair consideration in money or money's worth."
By section 302 (h), the foregoing subdivision (d), as well as many
others, is declared to "apply to the transfers, trusts, estates, interests,

BURNET v. GUGGENHEIM.

280

Opinion of the Court.

Jones v. Clifton, 101 U. S. 225, holds that a power of revocation in a deed of conveyance from a husband to his wife does not avail without more to invalidate the transaction as one in fraud of creditors. A transfer within the meaning of a taxing act may or may not be one within the statute of Elizabeth.
We aye referred to cases in the state courts, from Penn-
sylvania and New Jersey. In re Dolan's Estate, 279 Pa. St. 582; 124 Atl. 176; In re Hall's Estate, 99 N. J. Law 1; 125 Atl. 246. In neither did the court decide that a conveyance inter vivos was taxable as a present gift when the conveyance was subject to revocation at the pleasure of the grantor. No such statute was involved. In each the ruling was that upon the death of the grantor the subject of the conveyance was not taxable as part of his estate, and hence not taxable at all. The ruling might -have been different if a choice had been necessary between taxing the conveyance, or its subject, while the power was outstanding, and taxing it later on. New channels of thought cut themselves under the drive of a dilemma.
A decision of the Court of Claims, Mans v. United States, 69 Ct. Cls. 539; 39 F. (2d) 748, upholds the contention of the Government that within the meaning of the act of Congress the termination by a settlor of the power to revoke a trust is a transfer of the property and as such subject to taxation.
The argument for the respondent, if pressed to the limit of its logic would carry him even farther than he has claimed the right to go. If his position is sound that a power to revoke does not postpone for the purpose of taxation the consummation of the gift, then the income of these trusts is exempt from the tax as fully as the principal. What passed to the beneficiaries was the same in either case, an interest inchoate and contingent till rendered absolute and consummate through receipt or accrual before the act of revocation. Congress did not mean that

290

OCTOBER TERM, 1932.

Counsel for Petitioner.

288 U.S.

recurring instalments of the income, payable under a revocable conveyance which had been made by a settlor before the passage of this statute, should be exempt, when collected, from the burden of the tax.
The judgment is Reversed.
The CHIEF JUSTICE took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
MR. JUSTICE SUTHERLAND and MR. JUSTICE BUTLER are of opinion that the termination of the donor's power of revocation was not a transfer by gift of any property within the meaning of the statute, and that the judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals should be affirmed.

NEW YORK v. MACLAY ET AL., RECEIVERS, ET AL.
CERTIORARI TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE
SECOND CIRCUIT.
No. 374. Argued January 18, 19, 1933.-Decided February 6, 1933.
Under R. S. § 3466, debts due by an insolvent corporation to the United States have priority over claims of a State for franchise taxes due but not liquidated, although by the state law such taxes are a lien in the sense*that, when liquidated, they take precedence, by relation, over other intervening claims. Pp. 289-294.
59 F. (2d) 979, affirmed.
CERTIORARI, 287 U. S. 590, to review the affirmance of an order granting priority to the United States in the payment of income taxes and of a claim for damages, over the claim bf the State of New York for franchise and gross earnings taxes, in the liquidation through a receivership of the assets of an insolvent corporation.
Mr. Charles A. Schneider, with whom Messrs. John J. Bennett, Jr., Attorney General of New York, and Robert P. Beyer were on the brief, for petitioner.

436

OCTOBER TERM, 1932.

Syllabus.

288US.

to act for and on behalf of his ward. He was not an agent or instrumentality of the United States. Shippee v. Commercial Trust Co., 115 Conn. 326, 161 Atl. 775. Puffenbargerv. Charter,112 W. Va. 488; 165 S. E. 541. State ex rel. Smith v. Shawnee County Comm'rs, supra. It results that the deposit in question does not belong to the United States. and, as indebtedness to it is essential to priority, the guardian's claim under that section is without merit. Other contentions made by petitioner are so plainly inapplicable here as not to require discussion.
Judgment affirmed.

PORTER, EXECUTRIX, ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE.
CERTIORARI TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT
No. 466. Argued February 9, 1933.-Decided March 13, 1933.
1. Section 301 (a) of the Revenue Act of 1926 imposes a tax "upon the transfer of the net estate of every decedent" and § 302 requires that in computing the tax there shall be included in the gros estate the value at the time of death of all property, "(a) To the extent of the interest therein of the decedent at the time of his death," and "(d) To the extent of any interest therein of which the decedent has at any time made a transfer, by trust or otherwise, where the enjoyment thereof was subject at the date of his death to any change through the exercise of a power, either by the decedent alone or in conjunction with any person, to alter, amend, or revoke... ." Held: (1) Subdivision (d) is not limited by (a) to interests of decedent at time of his death. P. 442. (2) Under subdivision (d), where the decedent had transferred property by deeds of trust reserving power in himself to make a complete revision of the trusts, even to the extent of taking the property from the trustees and beneficiaries named and transferring it absolutely or in trust for the benefit of others, although the

PORTER v. COMMISSIONER.

436

Argument for Petitioners

reservation expressly excluded the making of.any change in favor of himself or of his estate,-the value of such property at the time of his death was properly included in the gross estate. Pp. 440, 443. 2. Where a gift has been made in trust subject to a power in the donor to change the terms and beneficiaries, although the power does not extend to any changes in favor of the donor or his estate, his death, by ending his control in other respects, serves to pass to the donees a valuable assurance of title. Therefore Congress constitutionally may provide for including the property so transferred in the computation of the federal "estate tax," by a law passed after the trusts were established and before the death of the donor.
P. 443.
60 F. (2d) 673, affirmed.

CERTIoRARi, 287 U. S. 591, to review the affirmance of an order of the Board of Tax Appeals, 23 B. T. A. 1016, including in the gross estate of a decedent, in measuring the federal transfer tax, property which had been conveyed by him in trust before his death.

Mr. Walter E. Hope, with whom Mr. Edward N. Perkins was on the brief, for petitioners.
The tax is laid upon the transfer of the net estate of the decedent at death. It is not laid upon the extinguishment of a limited power. Reinecke v. Northern Trust Co., 278 U. S. 339; Chase National Bank v. United States,-278 U. S. 327; Tyler v. UnitedStates, 281 U. S. 497; Nichols v. Coolidge, 274 U. S. 531; Heinerv. Donnan,285 U. S. 312.
Section 302 (d) should not be construed as including the value of the property previously transferred in the net estate at death.
Sections 302 (c) and (d) perform the same function and serve as measuring rods of what is to be included in the net estate, which is taxed under § 301. The construction applied to § 302 (c) in Reinecke v. Northern Trust Co., supra, should be applied to § 302 (d) in this case.
The wording of § 302 (d) is peculiarly susceptible of the construction applied to § 302 (c) in the Reinecke

438

OCTOBER TERM, 1932.

Counsel for Respondent.

288 U.S.

case. Such a construction avoids arbitrary and unreasonable results, which are the inevitable consequence of the contention of the Government.
Section 302 (d) refers to a power so unlimited that the donor might have taken advantage of it for his own benefit. This was the construction uniformly adopted by the appellate courts. Brady v. Ham, 45 F. (2d) 454; Erskine v. White, 47 F. (2d) 1014; Cover v. Burnet, 53 F. (2d) 915. The contrary construction would make the tax depend.on trivial considerations and lead to arbitrary and unreasonable results.
As applied to the transfers in this case, § 302 (d) would be confiscatory and unconstitutional, if construed as the Government contends.
Taxation of one person's property by reference to the property of another is unconstitutional. Hoeper v. Tax
Comm'r, 284 U. S. 206; Heiner v. Donnan,285 U. S. 312. Measuring the estate of a decedent for purposes of taxation by the value of property of which he had wholly divested himself, is taxation of bne by reference to the property of another.
All attempts to relate the trust property to the estate, therefore, must be based on past ownership; and the real aim of the Government is to tax past gifts inter vivos. Nichols v. Coolidge, 274 U. S. 531; Heiner v. Donnan, supra. The inequitable character of the tax stands out in this case, where the trusts were executed long before the enactment of the statute.
Each of the original trusts was irrevocable as and when made. The attempt to revoke Trusts 1 and 2 was ineffectual. The indenture of November 27, 1926, therefore accomplished no transfer. Section 302 (c) of the Act has no application.
Mr. ErwiA N. Griswold, with whom Solicitr General Thacher,Assistant Attorney General Youngquist, and Mr. Sewall Key were on the brief, for respondent.

PORTER v. I2OMM1SSIONER.

436

Opinion of the Court.

By leave of Court, Mr. Merriil S. June, and Mr. J. DuPrattWhite filed briefs as amici curiae.
MR. JUSTICE BUTLER delivered the opinion of the Court.
The question presented is whether, for the purpose of determining the tax liability of the estate of the deceased, § 302 (d) of the Revenue Act of 1926 1requires that there shall be included in the value of the gross estate certain bonds that he had transferred in trust.
October 18, 1918, and again on February 1, 1919, decedent transferred to the Bankers Trust Company certain bonds for the benefit of his daughter and her son. Contemporaneously he made similar transfers of bonds to the same trustee for the benefit of his son and his son's daughter. November 27, 1926, in order to make provision for two children of his daughter born after the creation of these trusts, he sent the trust company letters purporting to revoke the trusts of which she was a beneficiary, to terminate the interest of all persons therein and to direct it to deliver the principal and income to itself as trustee according to a new deed then delivered. Each of the five trust agreements included provisions governing the management, investment, and disposition of principal and income, and contained a paragraph reserving to the donor power at any tine to alter or modify the indenture and any or all of the trusts in any manner but expressly excepting any change in favor of himself or his estate.!
144 Stat. 71. 26 U. S. C., § 1094 (d). 2 Paragraph tenth in each of the transfers is as follows:
"Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained, the Donor at any time during the continuance of the trust" herein provided for may, by instrument in writing. executed and acknowledged or proved by him in the manner required for a deed of real estate (so as to "enable such deed to be recorded in the State of New York) delivered to the trustee, or its successor, modify or alter in any

OCTOBER TERM, 1932.

Opinion of the Court.

288 U.S.

Deceased died November 30, 1926. The Commissioner of Internal Revenue included in the gross estate the value
of the property described in the last deed and petitioners sought redetermination. The Board of Tax Appeals, because of the reserved power to alter and amend, held § 302 (d) applied, and included the corpus of all the trusts in the gross estate. 23 B. T. A. 1016. The Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed that ruling. 60 F. (2d) 673. Its decision being in conflict with that of the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit in Brady v. Ham, 45 F. (2d) 454, and that of the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia in Cover v. Burnet, 60 App. D. C. 303; 53 F. (2d) 915, we granted a writ of certiorari. 287 U. S. 591.
By the trust agreements, decedent divested himself of
all interest in the bonds and, subject only to the reserved power, transferred full title to the trustee and beneficiaries. The reservation is broad; evidently he intended to be free at any time and from time to time to alter or modify the disposition of the property as he might see fit, subject to the restriction above mentioned. The power

manner this indenture, and any or W of the trusts then existing and
the limitations and estates and interest in property hereby created and provided for subsequent to such trusts; and in case of such modification or alteration said instrument shall direct the revised dis-
position to be made of the trust fund or the income thereof, or that part of the trust fund or the income thereof affected by such modification or alteration, and upon the delivery of such instrument to the Trustee or its successor said instrument shall take effect according to its provisions, and the Trustee or its successors shall make and execute
all such instruments, if any, and make such conveyance, transfers or deliveries of property as may be necessary or proper in order to carry
the same into effect, and no one, born or unborn, shall have any right, interest, or estate under this indenture except subject to the proper modification or alteration thereof; but this power to modify or alter is not intended and shall not be construed to include the-right to the Donor to make such modification or alteration in his own favor or in favor of his estate, but shall apply only so far as the interest of third parties may be concerned."

PORTER v. COMMISSIONER.

436

Opinion of the Court.

did not amount to an estate or interest in the property. It was much like, and for the purposes of this case may be deemed the substantial equivalent of, a general power of appointment by will. Cf. United States V. Field, 255 U. S. 257, 263. Patterson& Co. v. Lawrence, 83 Ga. 703,
707; 10 S. E. 355. Clapp v. Ingraham,126 Mass. 200. The Act, § 301 (a), imposes a tax "upon the transfer of
the net estate of every decedent." The net estate as there used does not mean an amount to be ascertained as such
under any general rule of law or under statutes governing the administration of estates, but is the gross estate as specifically defined in §302 less deductions permitted by §303. The former section declares that " the value of the gross estate of the decedent shall be determined by includ-
ing the value at the time of his death of all property, real
or personal, tangible or intangible, wherever situated(a) To the extent of the interest therein of the decedent at the time of his death."
(b) To the extent of any interest therein of the surviving spouse as or in lieu of dower or curtesy. (c) To the
extent of any interest therein of which the decedent has at any time made a transfer by trust or otherwise in contemplation of or intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after his death.
(d) "To the extent of any interest therein of which the decedent has at any time made a transfer, by trust or otherwise, where the enjoyment thereof was subject at the date of his death to any change through the exercise of a power, either by the decedent alone or in conjunction with any person, to alter, amend, or reyoke. . ....
(e) To the extent of the interest therein held by decedent as a joint tenant or as a tenant by the entirety. (f) To the extent of any property passing under a general power of appointment exercised by the decedent by will or by deed in contemplation of or intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after death. (g)

442.

OCTOBER TERM, 1932.

Opinion of the Court.

288 U.S.

To the extent of the amount of life insurance receivable as specified. Subdivision (h) requires the interests defined in (b) to (g) inclusive to be included whether transfer was made before or after the passage of the Act.
Petitioners contend that the only thing taxed is the transfer of the net estate at death, and that property in
which the decedent then held no interest or power-of enjoyment must be excluded. They rely on Reinecke v. Northern Trust Co., 278 U. S. 339. But that case is not in point. It involved seven trusts created by the dece,dent. Two were held taxable because subject to a power of revocation in him alone. In each of the others he reserved power to alter, change or modify, to be exercised in four by joint action of himself and a single beneficiary
and in the remaining one by himself and a majority of the beneficiaries acting jointly. As the title was put beyond his control, we held these transfers not taxable. And petitioners assume, as held in White v. Erskine, 47 F. (2d) 1014, that (a) is a limitation upon (d) and argue that the gross estate includes property only to the extent of the "interest therein of the decedent at the time of his death" and that, as before his death he had divested himself of all title, the property so transferred is not to be included in the gross estate. But the construction thus
taken for granted cannot be sustained. Subdivision (a) does not in any way refer to or purport to modify (d) and, in view of the familiar rule that tax laws are to be construed liberally in favor of taxpayers, it cannot be said that, if it stood alone, (a) would extend to the transfers brought into the gross estate by (d). United States v. Field, supra, 264. Moreover, Congress has progressively expanded the bases for such taxation. Comparison of § 302 with corresponding provisions of earlier Acts warrants the conclusion that (d) is not a mere specification of something covered by (a) but that it covers something not included therein. Cf. Chase National Bank v.

PORTER v. COMMISSIONER.

43

Opinion of the Court.

United States, 278 U. S. 327. Tyler v. United States, 281 U. S. 497. Gwinn v. Commissioner, 287 U. S. 224. Bur-
net v. Guggenheim, ante, p. 280. The net estate upon the transfer of which the tax is
imposed, is not limited to property that passes from decedent at death. Subdivision (d) requires to be in-
cluded in the calculation all property previously trans-
ferred by decedent, the enjoyment of which remains at the time of his death subject to any change by the exertion of a power by himself alone or in conjunction with another. Petitioner argues that, as decedent was without
power to revoke the transfers or to alter or modify the trusts in favor of himself or his estate, the property is not covered by subdivision (d). But the disjunctive use of the words "alter," "modify" and "amend " negatives
that contention. We find nothing in the context or in the policy evidenced by this and prior estate tax laws or
in the legislative history of subdivision (d) to suggest that conjunctive use of these words was intended, or that "alter" and " modify " were used as equivalents of "revoke" or are to be understood in other than their usual meanings. We need not consider whether every change, however slight or trivial, would be within the meaning of the clause. Here the donor retained until his death power enough to enable him to make a complete revision of all that he had done in respect of the creation of the trusts even to the extent of taking the property from the trustees and beneficiaries named and trans-
ferring it absolutely or in trust for the benefit of others. So far as concerns the tax here involved, there is no difference in principle between a transfer subject to such changes and one that is revocable. The transfers under consideration are undoubtedly covered by subdivision (d).
Petitioners contend that so construed § 302 (d) is repugnant to the due process clause of the Fifth Amendment. They insist, and we assume, that the measures

OCTOBER TERM, 1932.

Opinion of the Court.

288 U.S.

taken by means of decedent's letter to the trustee and the new deed of November 27, 1926, operated merely to alter
and modify but did not supersede the earlier trusts made for the benefit of his daughter and her son. They maintain that inclusion of the transfers in question would be to measure decedent's tax by property belonging to others, a thing condemned in Heiner v. Donnan, 285 U. S. 312, and Hoeper v. Tax Commission, 284 U. S. 206, and would be to tax gifts inter vivos that were fully consummated prior to the enactment of subdivision (d) and therefore would be confiscatory under Nichols v. Coolidge, 274 U. S. 531, and Heiner v. Donnan, supra.
They treat as without significance the power the donor
reserved unto himself alone and ground all their arguments upon the fact that deceased, prior to such enactment, completely divested himself of title without power
of revocation. It is true that the power reserved was not absolute as in the transfer considered in Burnet v. Guggenheim, supra, in which this court, in the absence of any provision corresponding to subdivision (d), held that the donor's termination of the power amounted to a transfer by gift within the meaning of § 319 of the Revenue Act of 1924, 43 Stat. 313. But the reservation here may not be ignored, for, while subject to the specified limitation, it made the settlor dominant in respect of other dispositions of both corpus and income. His death terminated that control, ended the possibility of any change by him, and was, in respect of title to the property in question, the source of valuable assurance passing from the dead to the living. That is the event on which Congress based the inclusion of property so transferred in the gross estate as a step in the calculation to ascertain the amount of what in § 301 is called the net estate. Thus was reached what it reasonably might deem a substitute for testamentary disposition. United States v. Wells, 283 U. S. 102, 116. There is no doubt as to the power of Congress so to do.

VANCOUVER S. S. CO. v. RICE.

436

Argument for Petitioner.

Reinecke v. Northern Trust Co., supra. Chase Ncdtional Bank v. United States, supra. Tyler v. United States, supra, 502. Klein v. United States, 283 U. S. 231. Gwinn v. Commissioner,287 U. S. 224.
Judgment affirmed.
MR. JUSTICE Cmwozo concurs in the result.

VANCOUVER STEAMSHIP CO., LTD., v. RICE, ADMINISTRATRIX.
CERTIORARI TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT.
No. 469. Argued February 9, 1933.-Decided March 13, 1933.
A stevedore, at work on a vessel in navigable waters in Oregon, received injuries through the vessel's negligence from which he afterwards died ashore. The Oregon law gave the administrator an action at law for the damages resulting from the death, and a lien on the vessel. Held that the cause of action was enforceable in admiralty in rem against the vessel. P. 447.
60 F. (2d) 793, affirmed.
CERTIORARI, 287 U. S. 593, to review the reversal of a decree dismissing a libel in admiralty.
Mr. Erskine Wood for petitioner. The Oregon "death statute," under which the suit was brought, is not a "survival act," and no right of action arises under it until death actually occurs. Death occurring, the right which the injured man had dies with him, and a new, distinct and different cause of action arises in the person of his administrator for the benefit of his estate. Since in this case that new cause of action arose on land death occurring ashore), and the tort and damages were thus consummated there, the admiralty court was without jurisdiction. Hughes, Admiralty, 2d

