COLORADO BANK v. COMM'R.

19

Opinion of the Court.

Those cases go upon the theory that the taxing power of a state is restricted to her confines and may not be exercised in respect of subjects beyond them. Here, the thing taxed was receipt of income within Virginia by a citizen residing there. The mere fact that another state lawfully taxed funds from which the payments were made did not necessarily destroy Virginia's right to tax somethiig done within her borderS. After much discussion the applicable doctrine was expounded and applied in Lawrence v. State Tax Comm'n, 286 U. S. 276, and New York ex rel. Cohn v. Graves, 300 U. S. 308. The attempt to draw a controlling distinction between them and the present cause, we think, has not been successful.
The challenged judgment must be
Affirmed.

COLORADO NATIONAL BANK ET AL., EXECUTORS, v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE.
CERTIORARI TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT.
No. 30. Argued October 21, 1938.--Decided November 7, 1938.
1. Whether a transfer was in contemplation of death held a question of fact as to which the decision of the Board of Tax Appeals, supported by -substantial evidence, was conclusive. P. 29. There was evidence that the purpose of the transfer was to enable the donor to speculate upon the stock market for the remainder of his life more actively than he had in the past without fear that the part of his fortune transferred might be lost.
2. As to the meaning of the term "in contemplation of death," the Court adheres to what was said in United States v. Wells, 283 U. S. 102. P. 30.
83, Farmers Loan & Trust Co. v. Minnesota, 280 U. S. 204, Baldwin v. Missouri, 281 U. S. 586, Beidler v South Carolina Tax Comm'n, 282 U. S. 1, First National Bank v. Maine, 284 U. S. 312, Senior v. Braden, 295 U. S. 422.

OCTOBER TERM, 1938.

Opinion of the Court.

305 U. S.

The mere purpose to make provision for children after a donor's death is not enough conclusively to establish that action to that end was "in contemplation of death." Broadly speaking, thoughtful men habitually act with regard to ultimate death, but something more than this is required in order to show that a conveyance comes within the ambit bf the statute, Rev. Act of 1926, § 302 (c).
95 F. 2d 160, reversed.

CERTIORARI, 304 U. S. 556, to review a judgment upholding an estate tax assessment, and therein reversing a contrary decision of the Board of Tax Appeals.

Mr. Morrison Shafroth, with whom Messrs. IV. WV. Grant and Henry 11. Toll were on the brief, for petitioners.

M1r. Carlton Fox, with whom Solicitor General Jackson, Assistant Attorney General Morris, and Mr. Sewall Key were on the brief, for respondent.

By leave of Court, brief of anici curiae was filed by Messrs. C. Alexander Capron, Charles Anqulo, and Philip M. Payne, in support of petitioners.

MR. JUSTICE M\IcREYNOLDS delivered the opinion of the Court.

Edwin B. HIendrie of Denver, Colorado, January 26, 1925, executed a will wherein he gave his property, with relatively small exceptions, to trustees to be held for the benefit of his daughter, Gertrude Hendrie Grant, and her children. January 7, 1927, when eighty years old and in good health, he irrevocably conveyed in trust to the Colorado National Bank, securities of large value-perhaps $800,000. The deed among other things provided that the income should be accumulated during the donor's life; after his death and during the life of his daughter Gertrude so much thereof as she asked should be paid to

COLORADO BANK v. COMM'R.

23

Opinion of the Court.

her and the remainder added to the principal; upoi her death the corpus should be distributed to her descendants, etc.
Hendrie died July 15, 1932. His 1925 will was duly probated and under it property worth some $900,000 passed. The Commissioner ruled that the 1927 trust was set up in contemplation of death within the meaning of § 302 (c), Revenue Act of 1926, as amended,' treated the property in the trustee's hands as part of the gross estate, and assessed taxes thereon accordingly.
The Board of Tax Appeals considered the relevant facts and held the conveyance of 1927 "was not made in contenplation of death within the meaning of the statute as explained in United States v. Wells, 283 U. S. 102."
The Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the transfer was in contemplation of death, and reversed the Board's decision. We think this was error. The decision of the Board should have been approved.
The court declared-"Each case must be determined by its own facts and circumstances. . . . It is settled law that a finding of fact made by the Board of Tax Appeals will not be disturbed on review if it is supported by substantial evidence. But whether there is substantial evidence to support a finding is a question of law ... And a finding not thus supported will be set aside." These statements are in accord with our holdings.
1Revenue Act of 1926, c. 27, 44 Stat. 9:
"Sec. 302. The value of the gross estate of the decedent shall be determined by including the value at the time of his death of all property, real or personal, tangible or intangible, wherever situated-
"(a) To the extent of the interest therein of the decedent at the time of his death;

"(c) To the extent of any interest therein of which the decedent has at any time made a transfer, by trust or otherwise, in contemplation of or intended to take effect in possession or enjoyment at or after his death, . . ." (U. S. C., Title 26, § 411,)

OCTOBER TERM, 1938.

Opinion of the Court.

305 U. S..

Also it said-"The test lies in the motive for the transfer. If the generating source of the motive is associated with life, the transfer is not made in contemplation of death. But if the generating- inducement is associated with death, either immediate or distant, the transfer is made in such contemplation. A gift is made in contemplation of death where the dominant motive of the donor is to make proper provision for the object of his bounty after the death of the donor."
Following a review of the evidence it said-"The dominant purpose was to make provision for his descendants after his death, in the event his speculations proved
tragic. It was to place that substantial amount of property in an asylum of immunity from adverse conse-
quences of speculation, in order to make certain that it would be used for his daughter and her children after his
death. . .. The purpose was a commendable one, but the generating motive for a transfer made in such circumstances is associated with death."
In the light of the views so stated the court concluded there was no substantial evidence to establish that the transfer was not made in contemplation of death. One judge, dissenting, declared-"It seems clear from the uncontradicted testimony that Mr. Hendrie's gift to his daughter and her children was not made in contemplation of death but in order that he might speculate upon the stock market for the remainder of his life more actively than he had in the past without fear that the part of his
fortune thus given might be lost. He manifested no other intent and purpose in that respect."
There was evidence which the Board thought adequate,
and which we deem substantial, to support its conclusion. Dominant purpose was a question of fact for determination by the Board.
The court's opinion seems to rest upon an erroneous interpretation of the term "in contemplation of death."

COLORADO BANK v. COMM'R.

23

BLACK, J., dissenting.

The meaning of this was much discussed in United States

v. Wells, supra. We adhere to what was there said. The

mere purpose to make provision for children after a

donor's death is not enough conclusively to establish

that action to that end was "in contemplation of death."

Broadly speaking, thoughtful men habitually act with

regard to ultimate death, but something more than this

is required in order to show that a conveyance comes

within the ambit of the statute.

Here, the Board having before it all the circumstances,

including the provisions of the will, concluded that they

disclosed an effective motive not directly springing from

apprehension of death. And as pointed out by the dis-

senting judge there was substantial basis for that view.

Its action is in accord with principles accepted by us in

Shukert v. Allen, 273 U. S. 545, Reinecke v. Northern

Trust Co., 278 U. S. 339, May v. Heiner, 281 U. S. 238,

McCormick v. Burnet, 283 U. S. 784, Becker v. St. Louis

Union Trust Co., 296 U. S. 48.

The judgment of the Circuit Couft of Appeals must be

reversed. The decision of the Board of Tax Appeals is

approved.

Reversed.

MR. JUSTICE REED concurs on the ground that the conclusion of the Board that the transfer was not made in contemplation of death was justified. There was substantial evidence of a life motive and the Board did not find an effective motive in contemplation of death.

MR. JUSTICE BLACK, dissenting.

The purpose of Congress in providing that property transferred to a trust should be included in the transferor's gross estate when transferred in contemplation of death 1 was to prevent evasion of the progressively grad-

'Sec. 302 (c), Revenue Act, 1926, 44 Stat. 9.

OCTOBER TERM, 1938.

BLAcK, J., dissenting.

305 U. S.

uated estate tax through the use of trust devices which actually operated as substitutes for testamentary disposition of property.! The will made by Mr. Hendrie at the age of seventy-eight in 1925 and the trust agreement substituted for it at eighty (as to a large part of his property) two years later in 1927 were substantially identical as to parties, recipients of his property, amounts, .terms
and conditions. Neither the will nor the trust agreement permitted any, payments to the beneficiaries until the death of Mr. Hendrie.
The stipulated evidence as to expressions by the donor
of his motive for making the trust agreement showed that:
He "wanted to transfer about one third of his assets in the interest of his daughter and her heirs so that whatever might happen to his own financial affairs in the future, those persons would be provided for. He said he desired to retain for himself his more speculative securities and to feel free to speculate with that property
during the rest of his life, but to put the other one-third beyond his own reach and risk. He said he desired and intended to 'play on the market' to a greater extent and
in a more speculative way for the remainder of his life."
(Italics supplied.) At "one time he stated . . .that his daughter and his
grandchildren would be adequately provided for in the event of his, the said Hendrie's death, through the medium of a trust which he had created, regardless of his operations on the Stock Exchange."
In reaching the conclusion that the stipulated facts in this case showed as a matter of law that the trust gift was made in contemplation of the donor's death within the meaning of the congressional act, the court below said in part:

'Milliken v. United States, 283 U. S. 15; United States v. Wells, 283 U. S. 102, 116-17; cf. Tyler v. United 'states, 281 U. S. 417, 505.

COLORADO BANK v. COMM'R.

23

BLACK, J., dissenting.

"The trust was not designed to make provision for the beneficiaries during his life. None of the property or the increment thereto was to reach them until after his death. Neither was it designed to enable him to engage in speculation. He could have done that unfettered and unrestrained without the establishment of the trust. But in its absence the property transferred would have been sub-
ject to the hazards of speculation. It would have been within reach of creditors if he lost all. The dominant purpose was to make provision for his descendants after his death, in the event his speculations proved tragic. It was to place that substantial amount of property in an
asylum of immunity from adverse consequences of speculation, in order to make certain that it would be used for his daughter and her children after his death. It was to make assurance doubly sure that provision was made for them, not during his life, but after his death." "
The Board of Tax Appeals did not pass upon conflicting evidence. And there is no indication that the Board believed that any conflicting inferences could be drawn from the stipulated facts. Stating that "the Commissioner relies upon the fact that the income was to be accumulated and added to corpus during the life of the donor and, consequently, the beneficiaries were to receive nothing until after the death of the decedent," the Board did no more than say that they thought "the transfer was not made in contemplation of death within the meaning of the statute as explained in United States v. Wells, 283 U. S. 102," and that "Therefore, on this point, we hold for the petitioners." That the Board reached its conclusion on this single principle is clearly indicated by its statement that "Principles announced in the cases above listed control this case which is not distinguishable from one or more of those cases where, as here, income was to
'95 F. 2d 163.

OCTOBER TERM, 1938.

BLACK, J., dissenting.

305 U. S.

be accumulated until after the death of the donor." (Italics supplied.)
The decision in United States v. Wells, supra, is not controlling on the present facts. There the Court pointed out that, in effect, the findings of the lower court showed that the gift involved "'was the carrying out of a policy long followed by decedent in dealing with his children of making liberal gifts to them during his lifetime. He had consistently followed that policy for nearly thirty years and the three transfers in question were a continuation and final consummation of such policy. In the last transfer such amounts were given to his children as would even them up one with another, in the gifts and advancements made to them.
"'That this was the motive which actuated the de-
cedent in making these transfers seems unquestioned.'" Here, the donor had never followed any such policy.
His will indicated that he was motivated not by a desire to give his children and grandchildren property while he was yet living, but to provide for them after his death. In the Wells case, supra, 117, this Court said that "the motive which induces the transfer must be of the sort
which leads to testamentary disposition." That the motive of the donor in this case was of the kind "which leads to testamentary disposition" is conclusively shown by the facts that the trust agreement was an actual substitute for a previous will; that the sole motive shown in all of the evidence was to provide for the donor's children and grandchildren after his death so he would be "free for the rest of his life to speculate in whatever securities he might wish" without subjecting the property intended for his children and grandchildren to "the vicissitudes of his
speculations." '

' The statute alternatively taxes two types of trust transfers inter vivos which may be substituted for wills. If a trust was intended

COLORADO BANK v. COMM'R.

23

BLACK, J., dissenting.

Congress has provided that upon review of a judgment of the Board of Tax Appeals the "courts shall have power to affirm or, if the decision of the Board is not in accordance with law, to modify or to reverse the decision of the Board, with or without remanding the case for a rehearing, as justice may require."' Although this statute indicates an intent on the part of Congress to make the findings of fact of the Board conclusive, this Court holds that such findings are not conclusive unless supported by substantial evidence.' This Court has also said that the ultimate finding by the Board of Tax Appeals is a "conclusion of law or at least a determination of a mixed question of law and fact" which is "subject to judicial review and, on such review, the court may substitute its judgment for that of the board."' Under this rulewith which I am not in accord-but which governed the Court of Appeals, I believe that Court correctly decided that the Board had no substantial evidence to justify its erroneous ultimate determination of the mixed question of law and fact here. For that reason I think the judgment should be affirmed.

to take effect at death or if a trust was created in contemplation of death, either contingency invokes the imposition of the tax. Holdings where the tax has been assessed on the theory that a trust shifted such economic interests at a transferor's death-and not when the trust was set up-that the transfer was intended to take effect at death (Shukert v. Allen, 273 U. S. 545; Reinecke v. Northern Trust Co., 278 U. S. 339; May v. Heiner, 281 U. S. 238; McCormick v. Burnet, 283 U. S. 784; Becker v. St. Louis Union Trust Co., 296
U. S. 48) are not determinative of this case involving an alleged motive in contemplation of death.
044 Stat. 110, 26 U. S. C., c. 5, § 641 (c). 0Helvering v. Tex-Penn Co., 300 U. S. 481, 490; Helvering v. Rankin, 295 U. S. 123, 131; Phillips v. Commissioner, 283 U. S. 589, 600. 'Helvering v. Tex-Penn Co., supra, at 491; Helvering v. Rankin,
supra.

WICHITA CO. v. CITY BANK.
Statement of the Case.
WICHITA ROYALTY CO. ET AL. V. CITY NATIONAL BANK OF WICHITA FALLS ET AL.
CERTIORARI TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT.
No. 314. Argued January 6, 1939.-Decided January 30, 1939.
1. The opinion of the Supreme Court of Texas at an earlier stage of this case, defining the liability of a bank for trust-funds transferred by a trustee from the trust account to a personal account, and checked out and misappropriated by him after the bank had accepted payment of his personal debts to the bank or an officer thereof, with notice that the payments had their source in trust funds, was not modified by the opinion of that court in Quanah, Acme & Pacific Ry. Co. v. Wichita State Bank & Trust Co., 127 Tex. 407. P. 108. The earlier opinion must be accepted as stating the law of Texas, and it affords the appropriate guide for the federal court so far as it may be applicable to the facts which have been developed on the trial there.
2. Decision on first appeal is not res judicata in subsequent hearing of the case. P. 107.
3. Upon removal of a case for retrial after an appeal to and reversal by a state supreme court, it is the duty of the federal court to determine and apply the state law to local questions as the state court would have done, and, where the state court holds itself free to modify or recede from its own opinions, the federal court is free to examine later opinions of the state court in order to ascertain the applicable state law. P. 107.
4. The Circuit Court of Appeals properly directed remand of this case to the District Court for findings of fact and conclusions of law in accordance with Equity Rule 701/2. P. 110.
95 F. 2d 671; 97 id. 249, affirmed.
CERTIORARI, 305 U. S. 587, to review the reversal of a decree in a case removed from a state court. The District Court had denied recovery on certain claims and counterclaims which were involved in the original suit. This Court affirms the judgment of the court below in remanding the case for findings of fact and conclusions of

OCTOBER TERM, 1938.

Opinion of the Court.

306 U. S.

law, but differs from that court in respect of principles applicable in disposition of the case.
Messrs. Ray Bland and Guy Rogers, with whom Mr. J. T. Montgomery was on the brief, for petitioners.
Messrs. Leslie Humphrey and T. R. Boone for respond-

ents. MR. JUSTICE STONE delivered the opinion of the Court.

We are asked to determine whether the Circuit Court of Appeals correctly applied the law of Texas in a suit upon a cause of action arising in that state between a Texas association acting under a declaration of trust and
a national bank doing business there. The proceedings in the present litigation have been
extensive and complex but only those relevant to the issue presented here need be detailed. Respondent, the City National Bank of Wichita FIls, brought suit in a Texas court against the association, petitioner here, and its trustee to recover on two promissory notes, one made and the other endorsed by petitioner. They filed a crossaction against the bank, impleading its vice-president, to recover a deposit balance in favor of petitioner on the ground that the bank had improperly charged the ac-
count with drafts drawn upon it by Peckham, a former trustee of petitioner, or at his direction, and that Peckham, in breach of trust, had used the proceeds in part to
pay his own deb. to the bank or its vice-president, and in part for other expenditures for his own benefit.
The misappropriations were alleged to have been effected by the withdrawal of funds from the deposit account by a large number of checks signed by Peckham as trustee, or at his direction, and payable to his own order or to the bank. Some were alleged to have been credited by the bank in payment of the trustee's personal debts and some to, his personal account with the bank, from

WICHITA CO. v. CITY BANK.

103

Opinion of the Court.

which he later withdrew a substantial part of the amounts so deposited and used it for his own purposes. Petitioner contended that some of the funds thus withdrawn from his personal account were used in payment of his personal debts to the bank or its vice-president and that the bank and its vice-president, because of the transactions with the bank and the form of the checks, had notice of and had participated in the breaches of trust or some of them and to that extent were liable for all the misappropriations.
The trial court directed a verdict and entered judgment in favor of the bank on the notes and against petitioner on its cross-action. On appeal the Supreme Court of Texas reversed and remanded the cause for a new trial upon such further evidence as might be adduced, and in its opinion stated the applicable principles of law for the guidance of the trial court. 127 Tex. 158, 184. Meanwhile, the bank had closed its doors. Its assets were taken over by respondent, the newly organized City National Bank in Wichita Falls, which assumed the liabilities of the old bank.
On the remand the directors and the liquidating agent of the old bank and the new bank were made parties defendant to the cross-action by petitioner association, and the pleadings were amendeUd so as to charge the new individual defendants with responsibility for the liability originally asserted against the old bank, and also to charge the new bank by reason of its acquisition of the assets and its assumption of the liabilities of the old one.
The cause was then removed to the federal District Court for northern Texas, under § 28 of the Judicial Code, 28 U. S. C. § 71. On the trial of the cause there, in the course of which voluminous evidence was taken before a commissioner, the District Court denied recovery to the old bank on the promissory notes and to the association upon its claim against the old bank and the various other

OCTOBER TERM, 1938.

Opinion of the Court.

306 U. S.

parties sought to be charged with its liability, but directed that jurisdiction be retained to wind up the affairs of the insolvent bank. § 24 (16) of the Judicial. Code, 28 U. S. C. § 41 (16); International Trust Co. v. Weeks, 203
U. S. 364.
The Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit set aside the decree because of the failure of the trial court to make findings of fact and state conclusions of law as required by Equity Rule 701/2. 95 F. 2d 671. In remanding the cause the court stated, for the guidance of the trial court, principles of law which it thought applicable to the cause of action asserted by the association. These were at variance with those which the Texas Supreme Court in its earlier remand of the case had declared to be controlling. It rejected in'part the rulings of the state court because it thought that the questions presented were of general commercial law, with respect to which the federal courts were not bound by local decisions, and that the rules which the Texas courts had adopted were not favored by the decisions of the federal and some
state courts. In its opinion denying a second petition for rehearing,
97 F. 2d 249, presented after ourdecision in Erie Railroad Co. v. Tompkins, 304 U. S. 64, the court disclaimed any purpose not to follow the law of Texas, but reaffirmed its instructions for the trial court on the ground that they were in harmony with the opinion of the Supreme Court of Texas in a later case, Quanah, Acme & Pacific Ry. Co. v. Wichita State Bank & Trust Co., 127 Tex. 407; 93 S. W. 2d 701, which the Court of Appeals thought had modified and restricted the rules announced by the state court on the appeal in this case. We granted certiorari, 305 U. S. 587, on a petition urging that it was the duty of the Court of Appeals to apply the law as defined by the Supreme Court of Texas on the first ap-

WICHITA CO. v. CITY BANK.

103

Opinion of the Court.

peal, the question, concerning the relations of the federal and state courts, being of public importance.
In departing from the "law of the case," as announced by the state court, and applying a different rule, the court below correctly stated that by reason of the removal it had been substituted for the Texas Supreme Court as the appropriate court of appeal and that it was its duty to apply the Texas law as the Texas court would have declared and applied it on a second appeal if the cause had not been removed. It was the duty of the federal court to apply the law of Texas as declared by its highest court. Eric Railroad Co. v. ,Tompkins, supra. But the case on the first appeal had not become res judicata. Remington v. Central PacificR. Co., 198 U. S. 95, 99, 100; Messenger v. Anderson, 225 U. S. 436, 444; Diaz v. Patterson, 263 U. S. 399, 402; Seagraves v. Wallace, 69 F. 2d 163, 164, 165. And since the Supreme Court of Texas holds itself free upon reconsideration to modify or recede from its own opinions, see Quanah, Acme & Pacific Ry. Co. v. Wichita State Bank & Trust Co., supra, superseding 89 S. W. 2d 385, the court below, in applying the local law, was likewise free to depart from the earlier rulings to the extent that examination of the later opinions of the Texas Supreme Court showed that it had modified its opinion on the first appeal. Hence the only question for our decision is whether the Court of Appeals rightly concluded that the state court had thus altered its opinion.
The Court of Appeals held, as did the Texas Supreme Court, that the old bank, so far as it had accepted payment of the trustee's personal debts from his personal account, with notice that the payments had their source in trust funds, had become liable for tne trustee's misaipropriations by reason of its participation in them. But the two courts differed with respect to the liability of the bank for trust funds commingled with the trustee's per-

108

OCTOBER TERM, 1938.

Opinion of the Court.

306 U. S.

sonal account and later withdrawn and used for his per-
sonal benefit. The state court had ruled that the bank was responsible for all such misappropriations as took place after it had knowingly accepted trust funds in payment of the trustee's personal debts. Pointing out that there was evidence of such transactions, it declared, 127 Tex. 158, 174, 175: "the Bank, after being charged with knowledge of Peckham's dishonest dealings, continued to credit Peckham's personal account with checks drawn on the Trust account, and persisted in its course of dealings with respect to the two accounts. Having incurred the burden of ascertaining whether subsequent expenditures made by the Trustee from the commingled funds were
for authorized Trust purposes, it cannot effectively complain of the weight of that burden." And it concluded, 127 Tex. 158, 182: "It is apparent from what has been stated that the amount of the Bank's liability is the difference between the total amount of the deposits [of trust moneys] for which Peckham's personal account received credit after he began commingling Trust funds with his own on October 8, 1925, and the total amount of withdrawals therefrom which the Bank may show were
used for authorized Trust purposes." I The court below, relying on the decision of the Texas
Supreme Court in the later Quanah case, declined to accept this conclusion. Instead it declared that the bank was not chargeable with notice of the trustee's misappropriations through withdrawal and use of trust funds deposited in his personal account by the bare fact of its knowledge that the trustee had previously paid his per-

'The opinion assumed that all the funds in the personal account on October 8, 1925, were trust funds and that on November 17, 1925, the trustee paid his personal indebtedness to the bank from those funds. 127 Tex. 158, 168. in its opinion on the motion for rehearing the court stated that these assumptions were not to be taken as fore-
closing proof of the facts upon the new trial. 127 Tex. 158, 184.

WICHITA CO. v. CITY BANK.

103

Opinion of the Court.

sonal debts to the bank with trust funds passed through his personal account. But the Quanah case presented a different question from that considered by the Texas court in the present case. The former involved no question of actual knowledge and participation by the bank in the misappropriation of trust funds. There an officer of a corporation deposited its funds in his personal account in a bank with which the corporation had no account. The bank had knowledge that the funds or some of them belonged to the corporation and not to the officer personally, but it, paid them out on the order of the officer, who appropriated them to his own use. In holding that the bank was not liable, the court adopted the rule, for which it found support in the decisions of other courts and in text writers, that the bank in such circumstances is not liable for the misappropriation. The court was at pains to point out that a different rule would have been applicable if, before the withdrawals from the account, "the bank [had] actively participated in the spoliation of the trust fund and knowingly received a part of the fund to itself in payment of the trustee's individual debt to it," citing its opinion in the present case. 127 Tex. 407, 421, 422.
Even if we thought this distinction not well taken, nothing requires the state courts to adopt the rule which the federal or other courts may believe to be the better one, or to be consistent in their decisions if they do not choose to be. That the distinction taken in the Quanah case was advisedly made and was not intended to modify the rule announced by the state court on the appeal in this case, appears from the opinions in both cases. On the same day that the final opinion in the Quanah case, from which we have quoted, was delivered by the Texas Supreme Court, it denied a petition for rehearing in the present case, with an opinion, 127 Tex. 184, which left undisturbed the principles announced in the first decision.

110

OCTOBER TERM, 1938.

Syllabus.

306 U. S.

In its final opinion in the Quanah case it said: "... . we have again carefully reviewed the opinion in the Wichita Royalty Co. et al. v. City National Bank of Wichita Falls case, . . . dccided by this court on the same day the case at bar was originally decided. . . . We are satisfied with our opinion in the Wichita Royalty Company case as explained by our opinion on rehearing in that case." 127 Tex. 407, 421, 422. As there is no contention that the opinion of the Texas court in this case has in any other respect been modified by the Quanah or any other case in the Texas Supreme Court, we do not discuss other parts of the opinion below which it is argued fail to follow the opinion of the state court.
We think that the opinion of the Supreme Court of Texas in the present case has not been modified by the
Quanah case and must be accepted as stating the law of Texas; and that it affords the appropriate guide for the District Court so far as it may be applicable to the facts
which have been developed on the trial there. As the court below properly directed the remand for a stateinent of findings and conclusions of law under the equity rule, the decree will be affirmed but the proceedings in the District Court will be in conformity to this opinion.
Affirmed.

JIELVERING, COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE, v. R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO.

CERTIORARI TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT.
No. 329. Argued January 6, 1939.-Decided January 30, 1939.
1. Section 22 (a) of the Revenue Act of 1928, defining gross income, was so general in its terms that an interpretative administrative regulation letermining whether it included gain from the resale by a corporition of its own stock was appropriate. P. 114.
2. Articlh 6i of Tre:tsury Reguations 74, promulgated under the Revenue .\ct of 1112%, specifically provided that for the purpose

