AMENDMENTS OF ADMIRALTY RULES.
ORDER.
IT IS ORDERED that rules 51., 52, 53, and 54 of the Rules of Practice for the Courts of the United States in Admiralty and Maritime Jurisdiction be, and they are hereby, amended to read as follows:
RULE 51. Limitationof Liability-HowClaimed.-The owner or owners of any vessel who shall desire to claim the benefit of limitation of liability provided for in the third and fourth sections of the Act of March 3, 1851, entitled "An Act to limit the liability of shipowners and for other purposes" (Sections 183 to 189 of Title 46 of the U. S. Code) as now or hereafter amended or supplemented, may file a petition in the proper District Court of the United States, as hereinafter specified. Such petition shall set forth the facts and circumstances on which limitation of liability is claimed, and pray proper relief in that behalf. It shall also state facts showing that the petition is filed in the proper district; the voyage on which the demands sought to be limited arose, with the date and place of its termination; the amount of all demands including all unsatisfied liens or claims of lien, in contract or in tort, arising on that voyage, so far as known to the petitionei, and what suits, if any, are pending thereon; whether the vessel was damaged, lost or abandoned, and, if so, when and where; the value of the vessel at the close of the voyage or, in case of wreck, the value of her wreckage, strippings or proceeds, if any, and where and in whose possession they are; and the amount of any pending freight recovered or recoverable. Ifany of the above particulars are not fully known to the petitioner, a statement of such particulars according to the best knowledge,, information, and belief of the petitioner shall be sufficient. With his petition the petitioner may, if he so elects, file

AMENDMENTS OF ADMIRALTY RULES. 865
an interim stipulation, with sufficient sureties or an approved corporate surety, for the payment into court whenever the court shall so order, of the aggregate amount of the value of petitioner's interest in the vessel at the close of the voyage or, in case of wreck, the value of the wreckage, strippings or proceeds, and of any pending freight recovered or recoverable, with interest at six percent per annum from the date of the stipulation, and costs. If such interim stipulation is filed, it shall be accompanied by an affidavit or affidavits of a competent person or persons corroborating the statement in the petition as to value of the-vessel, or her wreckage, etc., and her freight. Said court, having-caused due appraisement to be had of the value of. petitioner's interest in the vessel, or her wreckage, etc., and her freight shall make an order for the payment of the same into court, or for the giving of a stipulation, with sufficient sureties or an approved corporate surety, for the payment thereof into court with interest at six percent per annum from the date of the stipulatiorn, whether interim or final, and costs, whenever the same shall be ordered; or, if the petitioner shall so elect, the court without such appraisement shall make an order for the transfer by the petitioner of his interest in suchvessel, or her wreckage, etc., and freight to a trustee to be appointed by the court under the fourth section of said Act.
If a surrender of petitioner's interest in the vessel or her wreckage, etc., is offered to be made to a trustee, the petition must further show any prior paramount liens thereon, and what voyage or trips, if any, she has made since the voyage or trip on which the claims sought to be limited arose, and any existing liens arising upon any such subsequent voyage or trip, with the amounts and causes thereof, and the names and addresses of the lienors, so far as known; and whether the vessel sustained any injury upon or by reason of such subsequent voyage or trip.

866

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

Upon the filing of such interim stipulation, or upon determination of value by appraisal and -compliance with ,the court's order with respect thereto, or upon compliance with a surrender order, as the case may be, the court shall issue a monition against all persons asserting claims in respect to which the petition seeks limitation, citing them to file their respective claims with the Clerk of said court and' to serve on or mail to the proctors for the petitioner a copy thereof on or before a date to be named in said -writ which shall be not less than 30 days after issuance of the same, which time the court, for cause shown, may enlarge.
Notice of the monition shall be published in such newspaper or newspapers as the court by rule or order may direct in substantially the following form, once in each week' for four successive weeks before the return day of the monition:

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT

DISTRICT OF

NOTICE OF PETITION FOR EXONERATION FROM OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

(Filed.........)

Notice is given that .........

has filed a petition

pursuant to Title 46, U. S. Code, §§ 183-189, claiming

the right to exoneration from or limitation of. lia-

bility for all claims arising on the voyage of the ves-

sel ..........

from ............ to ............ ter-

minating on ............

All persons having such claims must file them, under

,oath, as provided in United States Supreme Court Ad-

miralty Rule 52, with the Clerk of this Court, at the

U. S. Court House at ............ and serve on or mail

to the petitioner's proctors ............ at.........

a copy on or before

........

or be defaulted.

Personal attendance is not required.

AMENDMENTS OF ADMIRALTY RULES. 867

Any claimant desiring to contest the claims of peti-

tioner must file an answer-to said petition, as required.

by Supreme Court Admiralty Rule 53, and serve on or

mail to petitioner's proctors a copy.

. . . . . . . ..* . *.* . . . .

U. S. Marshal.

The petitioner not later than the day of second publication shall also mail a copy of the above notice (copy of the monition need not be mailed) to every person known to have made any claim against the vessel or the petitioner arising out of the voyage or trip on which the claims sought to be limited arose. In cases. involving death a copy of such notice, together with a copy of Rule 52, shall be -mailed to the decedent at his last-known address, and also to any person who shall be known to have made any claim on account of such death.
The said court shall also, on the application of the petitioner,, make an order to restrain the further prosecution of.all and any suitor suits against the petitioner and/or said vesselin respect to any claim or claims subject to limitation in the proceeding.
RULE 52. Filing and Proof of Claim in Limited Liability Proceedings.-Claimsshall be filedwith the Clerk of the Court in writing under oath and 'a copy shall be served upon the proctor for the petitioner on or before the return day of the monition. Each claim shall specify the various allegations of fact upon which the claimant 'relies in support of his claim, the items thereof, and the dates on which the same accrued. Within thirty days after the return day of the monition or within such time as the Court thereafter may allow, the petitioner shall mail to the proctor for each claimant (or if the claimant have no proctor to the claimant himself) a list setting forth (a) the name of each claimant, (b) the name and address of his proctor or attorney (if he is known to have one), (c) the nature of his claim, i. e., whether property loss, property damage, death, personal injury, etc., and
(d) the amount thereof.

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.
Whenever an interim stipulation has been filed as provided in Rule 51, any person claiming damages as aforesaid, who shall have filed his claim under oath, may file an exception controverting the value of the vessel at the close of the voyage, or, in case of wreck, the value of her wreckage, strippings or proceeds, and the amount of her pending freight, and the amount of the interim stipulation based thereon, and thereupon the court shall cause due appraisement to be had of the value of petitioner's interest in the vessel, or her wreckage, etc., and her freight; and if the court finds that the amount of the interim stipulation is either insufficient or excessive, the court shall make an order for the payment of the proper amount into court or, as the case may be, for a reduction in the amount of the stipulation or for the giving of an additional stipulation.
Proof of all claims which shall be filed in pursuance of said monition shall thereafter be made before a commissioner to be designated by the court, or before the court as the court may determine, subject to the right of any'person interested to question or controvert the same; but no objection to any claim need be filed by any party to the proceeding; and on the completion of said proofs, the commissioner shall make report, or the court its findings on the claims so proven, and on confirmation of said commissioner's report, after hearing any exceptions thereto, or on such finding by the court, the moneys paid or secured to be paid into court as aforesaid or the proceeds of said vessel, or her wreckage, etc., and freight (after payment of costs and expenses) shall upon determination of liability be divided pro rata, subject to all provisions of law thereto appertaining, amongst the several claimants in proportion tothe amount of their respective claims, duly proved and confirmed as aforesaid, saving, however, to all parties any priority to which they may be legally entitled.
RULE 53. Rights of Owner to Contest Liability and of Claimantsto Contest Exonerationfrom Liability or Limi-

AMENDMENTS OF ADMIRALTY RULES. 869
tation of Liability of Owner.-In the proceedings aforesaid, the petitioner shall be at liberty to contest his liability, or the liability of said vessel, provided he shall have complied with the requirements of Rule 51 and shall also have given a bond for costs and provided that in his petition he shall state the facts and circumstances by reason of which exoneration from liability is claimed; and any person claiming damages as aforesaid who shall have filed his claim under oath and intends to contest the right to exoneration or limitation, shall file an answer to such petition, and serve a copy on proctor for petitioner, and may contest the right of the owner or owners of said vessel, either to an exoneration from liability or to a limitation of liability under the said Act of Congress, or both, provided such answer shall in suitable allegations state the facts and circumstances by reason of which liability is claimed or right to limitation should be denied.
RULE 54. Courts Having Cognizance of Limited Liability Procedure.-Thesaid petition shall be filed and the said proceedings had in any District Court of the United States in which said vessel has been libeled to answer for any claim in respect to which the petitioner seeks to limit liability; or, if the said vessel has not been libeled, then in the District Court for any district in which the owner has been sued in respect to any such claim. When the said vessel has not been libeled to answer the matters aforesaid, and suit has not been commenced against the said owner, the said proceedings may be had in the District Court of the district in which the said vessel may be, but if said vessel is not within any district and no suit has been commenced in any district, then the petition may be filed in any District Court. The District Court may, in its discretion, transfer the proceedings to any district for the convenience of the parties. If the vessel shall have already been sold, the proceeds shall represent the same for the purposes of these rules.
JUNE 21, 1948.

AMENDMENTS OF RULES.
ORDER.
IT IS ORDERED that paragraph 3 of Rule 38 of the Rules of this Court be amended to read as follows:
"3. Notice of the filing of the petition, together with a copy of the petition, printed record, and supporting brief shall be served by the petitioner on counsel for the respondent within ten days after the filing (unless enlarged by the court or a justice thereof), and due proof of service shall be filed with the clerk. If the United States, or an officer or agency thereof, is respondent, the service of the petition, record, and brief shall be made on the Solicitor General at Washington; D. C. Counsel for the respondent shall have thirty days (unless enlarged by the court or a justice thereof), after notice, within which to file forty printed copies of an opposing brief, conforming to Rules 26 and 27. The brief must bear the name of a member of the bar of this court at the time of filing."
IT IS ORDERED that paragraph 2 of Rule 41 of the Rules of this Court be amended to read as follows:
"2. Within thirty days after the petition, brief, and record are served (unless enlarged by the court or a justice thereof) the respondent may file with the clerk forty printed copies of an opposing brief, conforming to Rules 26 and 27. Upon the expiration of that period, or upon an express waiver of the right to file or the actual filing of such brief in a shorter time, the petition, briefs, and record shall be distributed by the clerk to the court for its consideration. (See Rule 38, par. 4 (a).)"
MAY 17, 1948.

INDEX
ADEQUATE LEGAL REMEDY. See Jurisdiction, 1, 2.
ADMINISTRATIVE LAW. See Constitutional Law, II, 3; III, 1; Contracts; Insurance.
AGRICULTURE. See Antitrust Acts, 3.
ALIENS. See Constitutional Law, XI, 6-7.
ALIMONY. See Constitutional Law, IX.
ALL WRITS ACT. See Jurisdiction, 111, 2.
AMPLIFIERS. See Constitutional Law, III, 1.
ANTITRUST ACTS. See also Jurisdiction, IV, 2. 1. Sherman Act-Monopoly'and restraint of trade-Motion pic-
ture industry.-Violations of Sherman Act by producers, distributors and exhibitors of motion pictures; specific intent unnecessary; unlawful use of monopoly power; remedy; terms of decree. United States v. Griffith, 100; Schine Theatres v. United States, 110; United States v. Paramount Pictures, 131.
2. Sherman Act-Monopoly and restraint of trade-Reasonableness of restraint-Steel industry.-Acquisition by United States Steel Corporation of Consolidated Steel Corporation, largest West Coast fabricator, not violation of Act. United States v. Columbia Steel Co., 495.
3. Sherman Act-Violation-Interstate commerce-Beet sugar industry.-Right of action by growers against refiner who conspired with others and fixed prices of sugar beets; conspiracy as affecting interstate rather than purely local commerce. Mandeville Island Farms v. American Crystal Sugar Co., 219.
4. Sherman Act-Monopoly and restraint of trade.-Price-fixing conspiracy; effect of copyright; arbitration. United States v. Paramount Pictures, 131.
5. Sherman Act-Restraint of trade-Reasonablenessof restraint.Geographical area of competitive market; percentage of industry affected; significance of dollar volume. United States v. Columbia Steel Co., 495.
6. Sherman Act-Monopoly and restraint of trade-Vertical integration.-Legality of vertical integration of industry. United States v. Paramount Pictures, 131; United States v. Columbia Steel Co., 495.

INDEX.
ANTITRUST ACTS-Continued. 7. Sherman Act-Monopoly-Attempt.-Restraint which is rea-
sonable and not unlawful under § 1 may nevertheless violate § 2 as attempt to monopolize. United States v. Columbia Steel' Co., 495.
8. Robinson-Patman Act-Price discriminations-Quantity discounts.-Sales of-table salt in interstate commerce on quantity discount basis, including carload differentials, violated Act; evidence and findings of injury to competition; terms of cease-and-desist order; provision permitting 5-cents-per-case differentials. Federal Trade Comm'n v. Morton Salt Co., 37. APPEAL. See Criminal Law, 2; Habeas ,Corpus, 3; Jurisdiction.
APPEARANCE. See Constitutional Law, IX.
APPORTIONMENT. See Constitutional Law, VII, 3. ARBITRATION. See Antitrust Acts, 4.
ARREST. See Constitutional Law, IV.
ATTORNEY GENERAL. See Jurisdiction, 11, 5. BEET SUGAR. See Antitrust Acts, 3.
BENEFICIARIES. See Insurance. BOATS. See Constitutional Law, XII. CALIFORNIA. See Constitutional Law, XI, 6-7.
CARLOADS. See Antitrust Acts, 8.
CARRIERS. See Constitutional Law, VII,. 3; Transportation.
CEILING PRICES. See Constitutional Law, VI. CERTIORARI. See Jurisdiction, IV, 1.
CHIEF OF POLICE. See Constitutional Law, III, 1. CIRCUIT COURTS OF APPEALS. See Criminal Law, 2; Juris-
diction, III.
CITIZENS. See Constitutional Law, II, 1; XI, 6-7. CIVIL RIGHTS. See Constitutional Law, II, 1;.XI; District of
Columbia.
CIVIL SERVICE. See Veterans. CLAYTON ACT. See Antitrust Acts, 8; Jurisdiction, IV, 2. COLLATERAL ATTACK. See Constitutional Law, IX. COLORED PERSONS. See Constitutional Law, II, 1; XI, 3-4;
Pistrict of Columbia.

INDEX.

COMMERCE. See Antitrust Acts; Constitutional Law, VII; Transportation.

COMMON CARRIERS. :portation.
COMPENSATION. See

See Constitutional Law, VII, 3; Constitutional Law, VI; Labor.

Trans-

COMPETITION. See Antitrust Acts.

CONGRESS. See Constitutional Law, II. CONSERVATION. See Constitutional Law, VIi, 2; XI, 6, 8.

CONSOLIDATION. See Transportation.

CONSPIRACY. See Antitrust Acts, 3-4.

CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. See also Equity; Jurisdiction, II, 4; Parties.

I. II. III. IV. V. VI. VII. VIII. IX. X. XI. XII.

Federal-State Relations, p. 875. Legislative Power, p. 875. Freedom of Speech and Press, p. 876. Search and Seizure, p. 876. Ex Post Facto Laws, p. 876. Eminent.Domain, p. 876. Commerce, p. 876. Impiorts and Exports, p. 877. Full Faith and Credit, p. 877. Due Process of Law, p. 877. Equal Protection of Laws, p. 878. Privileges and Immunities, p. 879.

I. Federal-State Relations.
1. Coastal waters - Fishing- State regulation.-Jurisdiction of state to regulate shrimping in 3-mile belt off coast, in absence of conflicting federal legislation. Toomer v. Witsell, 385.
2. Indians-Trust property-State inheritance tax.-Oklahoma inheritance tax on transfer of properties held in trust by United States for benefit of restricted Osage Indian and heirs, valid. West v. Oklahoma Tax Comm'n, 717.

II. Legislative Power. 1. Powers of Congress-Districtof Columbia.-R. S. § 1978, gfar,
anteeing all citizens same property rights as white citizens, Valid, Hurd v. Hodge, 24.
2. Powers of Congress-Warpowers-RenegotiationAct.-Rnegqtiation Act, authorizing recovery by Unted States of "excessive profits" on contracts for war goods, valid exercise of war powers. Lichter v. United States, 742.
792588 O-48----61

INDEX.
CONSTITUTIONAL LAW-Continued.
3. Powers of Congress-Delegation-RenegotiationAct.-Authorization of administrative determination of "excessive profits" not unconstitutional delegation of legislative power. Lichter v. United States, 742.
III. Freedom of Speech and Press.
1. Freedom of speech-Loud-speakers-Priorrestraint.-Ordinance forbidding use of loud-speakers in public places, except in uncontrolled discretion of Chief of Police, invalid. Saia v. New York, 558.
2. Freedom of the press-Scope-Motion pictures.-Freedom of the press extends to motion pictures. United States v. Paramount Pictures, 131.
IV. Search and Seizure.
Requirement of warrant-Illicitd. istilling.-Arrestlawful as of one committing felony in presence of officer; search and seizure of illicit distillery without warrant unlawful where known to officers for weeks; defendants entitled to suppression as evidence but not return of contraband. Trupiano v. United States, 699.
V. Ex Post Facto Laws.
State laws-Retroactive operation-Habitualcriminals.-Pennsylvania statute authorizing punishment of fourth-offender not ex post facto, though one of convictions occurred prior to enactment. Gryger v. Burke, 728.
VI. Eminent Domain.
Wartime requisitions-Just compensation-Ceiling price.-Ceiling price rather than replacement cost as measure of just compensation for products requisitioned for war purposes. United States v. Felin &Co., 624.
VII. Commerce.
1. State regulation and taxation-Shrimping-Maritime belt.South Carolina tax of 1/0 per pound on shrimp taken in maritime belt, not violative of commerce clause. Toomer v. Witsell, 385.
2. Id.--South Carolina statute requiring shrimpers to dock at South Carolina port, unload, pack, and tax-stamp catch, before shipping interstate, invalid. Id.
3. State taxation-Gross receipts-Apportionment.--tatetax on motor carrier's gross receipts from substantial out-of-state mileage, invalid. Central Greyhound Lines v. Mealey, 653.

INDEX.
CONSTITUTIONAL LAW-Continued.
VIII. Imports and Exports.
State taxation-Shrimping-Maritime belt.-South Carolina tax of 1/ per pound on shrimp taken in maritime belt not unconstitutional levy on imports. Toomer v. Witsell, 385.
IX. Full Faith and Credit.
1. Judgments-Divorce-Collaterlattack.-Valid and final Florida decree granting divorce to wife found domiciled there, in proceeding wherein husband appeared and had full opportunity to contest, not subject to collateral attack elsewhere. Sherrer v. Sherrer, 343.
2. Id.-Valid and final Nevada divorce decree in proceeding wherein parties participated and had full opportunity to contest jurisdictional issues was denied full faith and credit by Massachusetts courts which allowed collateral attack; collateral attack not allowable even by party in whose favor divorce decree was entered. Coe v. Coe, 378.
3. Judgments-Divorce-Alimony.-Nevada ex parte divorce not denied full faith and credit by New York judgment for arrears of alimony under earlier decree of separation. Estin v. Estin, 541; Kreiger v. Kreiger, 555.
X. Due Process of Law.
1. Judicial action-State courts-Error.-Errorof state court in construing state law not denial of due process. Gryger v. Burke, 728.
2. Private property-Taking-Renegotiation Act.-Recovery of excessive profits on war contracts did not deprive contractor of property without due process of law. Lichter v. United States, 742.
3. Proceduraldue process-RenegotiationAct.-Renegotiation Act as affording procedural due process. Lichter v. United States, 742.
4. Civil procedure-Divorce-Jurisdiction.-Dueprocess does.not require that defendant in divorce proceeding, who appeared and had opportunity to contest every issue including complainant's domicile, be afforded second opportunity to litigate existence of jurisdictional facts. Sherrer v. Sherrer, 343.
5. Criminal proceedings-Fairtrial.-Sentence of uncounseled defendant on misinformation or false assumptions as to his criminal record, invalid. Townsend v. Burke, 736.
6. Criminal procedure-Notice and hearing-Indictment.-Due process not denied by conviction on plea of guilty of offense which, though not charged in indictment, was lesser than and related to offense charged. Paterno v. Lyons, 314.

INDEX.
CONSTITUTIONAL LAW-Continued.
7. Criminal proceedings-Right to counsel.-Right to counsel in trial for non-capital offense of youth incapable of adequately representing self. Wade v. Mayo, 672.
8. Criminal proceedings-Right to counsel.-Failure of state to provide counsel for defendant on fourth-offender charge under Pennsylvania law did not deny due process. Gryger v. Burke, 728.
9. Criminal proceedings-Coercion.-That defendant had been held incommunicado 40 hours did not vitiate conviction in state court on plea of guilty. Townsend v. Burke, 736.
10. Criminal proceedings-Habitualcriminal law.-Punishment as fourth-offender under Pennsylvania Habitual Criminal Law did not subject defendant to double jeopardy. Gryger v. Burke, 728.
11. Criminalprocedure-Stateremedies.-Adequacy as due process of state remedies for challenging validity of conviction under Federal Constitution. Paterno v. Lyons, 314.
XI: Equal Protection of Laws.
1. Judicialaction as state action.-Judicial action as action of state under Fourteenth Amendment. Shelley v. Kraemer, 1.
2. Racial restrictive covenants-Validity.-Racial restrictive covenants standing alone not violative of Fourteenth Amendment. Shelley v. Kraemer, 1; Hurd v. Hodge, 24.
3. Racial restrictive covenants-Unenforceable judicially.-Racial restrictive covenants unenforceable by state courts. Shelley v. Kraemer, 1; see also Hurd v. Hodge, 24.
4. Id.-Colored persons denied equal protection by judicial enforcement of covenants excluding them from ownership or occupancy of property, even though courts would also enforce covenants excluding white persons. Shelley v. Kraemer, 1.
5. Id.-Covenantors not denied equal protection by denial to them of access to courts for enforcement of racial restrictive covenants. Shelley v. Kraemer, 1.
6. Fishing-Aliens.-Californiastatute denying fishing licenses to persons "ineligible to citizenship," including resident alien Japanese, invalid. Takahashi v. Fish & Game Comm'n, 410.
7. Id.-Federally created racial ineligibility for citizenship not justification for California statute. Id.
8. Fishing-Nonresidents.-Validityof South Carolina regulation and taxation of shrimping in coastal waters; discrimination against nonresidents. Toomer v. Witsell, 385.

INDEX.
CONSTITUTIONAL LAW-Continued. XII. Privileges and Immunities.
Shrimping in marginal sea-State regulation- Discrimination against nonresidents.-South Carolina license fee of $2,500 on nonresident, $25 on resident, for each shrimp boat, invalid. Toomer v. Witsell, 385.
CONTINUANCE. See Jurisdiction, 1I, 2.
CONTRABAND. See Constitutional Law, IV.
CONTRACTS. See also Constitutional Law, II, 2-3; XI, 2-5; District of Columbia; Labor, 1; Procedure, 1.
War goods-Excessive profits-Recovery.-Constitutionality of Renegotiation Act; finality of administrative determination of excessive profits, in absence of timely petition to Tax Court for redetermination. Lichter v. United States, 742.
COPYRIGHTS. See Antitrust Acts, 4.
CORPORATIONS. See Jurisdiction, IV, 2; Transportation.
COUNSEL. See Constitutional Law, X, 5,7-8.
COURTS. See Constitutional Law, IX; X; XI; Criminal Law, 2; District of Columbia.
COVENANTS. See Constitutional Law, XI, 2-5; District of Columbia.
CRIMINAL LAW. See also Constitutional Law, III, 1; IV; ,V; X, 5-11; Habeas Corpus; Jurisdiction, III, 2; IV, 1; Procedure, 5-6.
1. Federalsentence commencing upon expirationof state sentenceEffect of parole.-Federal sentence to imprisonment at "expiration" of current state sentence begins immediately upon parole. Hunter v. Martin, 302.
2. Procedure-Appeals-Argument.-Circuitcourt of appeals has discretion to require production of prisoner to argue own appeal. Price v. Johnston, 266.
DECREES. See Antitrust Acts, 1, 8; Constitutional Law, IX.
DEEDS. See Constitutional Law, XI, 2-5; District of Columbia.
DELEGATION OF LEGISLATIVE POWER. See Constitutional Law, 11, 3.
DISCHARGE. See Words.
DISCOUNT. See Antitrust Acts, 8.

880

INDEX.

DISCRIMINATION. See Antitrust Acts, 8; Constitutional Law, XI; XII; District of Columbia.
DISTILLING. See Constitutional Law, IV. DISTRICT COURTS. See Jurisdiction, I; IV.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. Racial restrictive covenants-Unenforceable in courts,-Enforce-
ment of racial restrictive covenants in District of Columbia courts precluded by R. S. § 1978 and public policy. Hird v. Hodge, 24. DIVORCE. See Constitutional Law, IX; X, 4. DOMICILE. See Constitutional Law, IX; X, 4. DOUBLE JEOPARDY. See Constitutional Law, X, 10. DUE PROCESS. See Constitutional Law, X EFFICIENCY RATINGS. See Veterans. EMERGENCY COURT OF APPEALS. See Jurisdiction, I, 3. EMINENT DOMAIN. See Constitutional Law, VI. EMPLOYER AND EMPLOYEE. See Labor. EQUAL PROTECTION OF LAWS. See Constitutional Law, XI. EQUITY. See also Jurisdiction, 1, 1-2.
Maxims-Clean hands-Application.--Previousconviction of challenger of constitutionality of statute (lid not warrant application of clean hands maxim. Toomer v. Witsell, 385. EVIDENCE. See Antitrust Acts, 8; Constitutional Law, IV;
Habeas Corpus, 1. EXCESSIVE PROFITS. See Constitutional Law, II, 2-3. EXHAUSTION OF REMEDY. See Jurisdiction, IV, 1; Proce-
dure, 6. EX POST FACTO LAWS. .See Constitutional Law, V. FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT. See Labor. FAIR TRIAL. See Constitutional Law, X, 5-11.
FEDERAL AGENTS. See Constitutional Law, IV. FEDERAL QUESTION. See Jurisdiction, II, 2-3. FEDERAL-STATE RELATIONS. See Constitutional Law, I. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION. See Antitrust Acts, 8. FELONY. See Constitutional Law, IV. FIFTH AMENDMENT. See Constitutional Law, VI; X.

INDEX.

FINAL JUDGMENT. See Jurisdiction, II, 1.

FINDINGS. See Antitrust Acts, 8.

FIRST AMENDMENT. See Constitutional Law, III.

FISHING. See Constitutional Law, XI, 6, 8.

FLORIDA. See Constitutional Law, IX, 1.

FORUM NON CONVENIENS. See Jurisdiction, IV, 2.

FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT. XII.

See Constitutional Law, X; XI;

FOURTH AMENDMENT. See Constitutional Law, IV.

FOURTH-OFFENDER LAW. See Constitutional Law, V; X, 10.

FREEDOM OF SPEECH AND PRESS. See Constitutional Law, III.

FULL FAITH AND CREDIT. See Constitutional Law, IX.

GAS. See Jurisdiction, II, 1.

GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS. See Constitutional Law, II, 2-3; Procedure, 1, 4.

GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES. See Veterans.

GROSS RECEIPTS TAX. See Constitutional Law, VII, 3.

HABEAS CORPUS. See also Jurisdiction, II, 8; III, 2; IV, 1.
1. Petition-Sufficiency--Hearing.-Dismissalof fourth petition for habeas corpus, xhich for first time alleged knowing use of false testimony by prosecution to obtain conviction, erroneous. Price v. Johnston, 266.
2. State prisoner-Claim of federal right-Exhausting state remedy.-Discretion of federal district court to entertain application for habeas corpus though petitioner did not seek certiorari to review state supreme court's denial. Wade v. Mayo, 672.
3. Production of prisoner to argue own appeal.-Circuit court of appeals has discretion to require production of prisoner to argue own appeal. Price v. Johnston, 266.

HABITUAL CRIMINALS. See Constitutional Law, V; X, 10.

HEARING. See Constitutional Law, X.

HUSBAND AND WIFE. See Constitutional Law, IX.

IMMUNITIES. See Constitutional Law, XII.

IMPORTS. See Constitutional Law, VIII.

INDIANS. 'See Constitutional Law, 1, 2.

882

INDEX.

INDICTMENT. See Constitutional Law, X, 6.
INHERITANCE TAX. See C.onstitutional Law, I, 2.
INJUNCTION. See Antitrust Acts; Jurisdiction, I, 2.
INSURANCE. National Service Life Insurance-Payments to beneficiaries-In-
stallments.-Amount of monthly installments payable to beneficiaries over age 30; Veterans' Administration Regulation 3450 valid. United States v. Zazove, 602.
INTENT. See Antitrust Acts, 1.
INTEREST. Judgments-Inclusionof interest-Mandate.-Districtcourt enter-
ing judgment on mandate of circuit court of appeals may not add interest not provided for by mandate. Briggs v. Pennsylvania R. Co., 304.
INTERSTATE COMMERCE. See Antitrust Acts; Constitutional Law, VII; Transportation.
INTERVENTION. See Procedure, 2.
INTOXICATING LIQUORS. See Constitutional Law, IV.
JAPANESE. See Coistitutional Law, XI, 6.
JUDGES. See Constitutional Law, X, 1, 5, 8; XI, 1; District of Columbia.
JUDGMENTS. See Antitrust Acts, 1, 8; Constitutional Law, IX; Interest; Jurisdiction.
JURISDICTION. See also Constitutional Law, IX; X, 4; Interest; Procedure, 3; Transportation. I. In General, p. 883. II. Supreme Court, p. 883. III. Circuit Courts of Appeals, p. 883. IV. District Courts, p. 884. V. Tax Court, p. 884.
References to particular subjects under title Jurisdiction.-Adequate Legal Remedy, I, 2; All Writs Act, III, 2; Antitrust Acts, IV, 2; Attorney General, II, 5; Certiorari, IV, 1; Clayton Act, IV, 2; Constitutional Law, II, 4; Continuance, II, 2; Corporations, IV, 2; Criminal Procedure, III, 2; IV, 1; District of Columbia, I, 1; Emergency Court of Appeals, I, 3; Equity, I, 1-2; Federal Question, II, 2-3; Finality of Judgment, II, 1; Habeas Corpus, II, 8; III, 2; IV, 1; Injunction, I, 2; Mandamus, III, 1; Mandate, III, 1; Non-Federal Question, II, 2, 4-8; Price Control Act, 1, 3; Racial Restrictive Covenants, I, 1; Renegotiation Act, I, 4; IV, 3; State Law, II, 4-8.

INDEX.
JURISDICTION-Continued.
I. In General. 1. Federal courts-Limitations of power-Racial restrictive cove-
nants.-Federal courts and courts of District of Columbia without power to enforce racial restrictive covenants. Shelley v. Kraemer, 1; Hurd v. Hodge, 24.
2. Federal courts-Equity-Enjoining state law.-Adequacy of legal remedy as bar to equitable relief. Toomer v. Witsell, 385.
3. Federal courts-Price Control Act-Validity of rent order.Jurisdiction as between District Court and Emergency Court of Appeals to determine validity of rent order; effect of 1947 amendment. Woods v. Hills, 210. ·4. Federal courts-Renegotiation Act.-Finality of administrative dtermination of excessive .profits, in absence of timely petition to Tax Court for redetermination. Lichter v. United States, 742.
II. Supreme Court.
i. Review of state courts-Finality of judgment.--Order giving producer alternatives of purchasing other's gas, or marketing and accounting therefor, or closing own wells, not appealable "final" judg-. ment. Republic Natural Gas Co. v. Oklahoma, 62'
2. Review of state courts-Federalor non-federal"question.-Continuance of. cause pending advice as to basis of state supreme court judgment. Loftus v. Illinois, 804.
3. Review of state courts-Federalquestion.-Federal question as properly presented. Central Greyhound Lines v. Mealey, 653.
4. Review of state courts-State law.-Decision of highest state court that right under state constitution had not been denied is binding here. Paterno v. Lyons, 314.
5. Id.-Views of attorney general as to state law entitled to great weight, in absence of statute or decision. Phyle v. Duffy, 431.
6. Id.-Construction of state statute is for state courts. Gryger v. Burke, 728.
7. Review of state courts-Non-federal question.-Judgment. of state supreme court as resting on adequate non-federal ground. Hedgebeth v. North Carolina, 806.
8. Id.-State court's denial of habeas corpus as wrong remedy not reviewable; adequate non-federal ground. Phyle v. Duffy, 431.
III. Circuit Courts of Appeals.
1. Mandamus-Mandate.-Circuitcourt of appeals may compel district court to comply with mandate in case adjudged under Act of June 9, 1944, though term has expired and further appeal might come to Supreme Court. United States v. U. S. District Court, 258.

INDEX.
JURISDICTION-Continued. 2. All Writs Act-Production of prisoner to argue own appeal.-
Circuit court of appeals has discretion to require production of prisoner to argue own appeal. Price v. Johnston, 266.
IV. District Courts. 1. Habeas corpus-State prisoner-Exhaustionof state remedy.-
Discretion of district court to entertain application for habeas corpus though petitioner did not seek certiorari to review state supreme court's denial. Wade v. Mayo, 672.
2. Clayton Act, § 12-Forum non conveniens.-Court may not decline to exercise jurisdiction of civil proceeding against corporation brought in district authorized by § 12 of Clayton Act. United States v. National City Lines, 573.
3. Renegotiation Act.-Scope of jurisdiction of District Court and of Tax Court. Lichter v. United States, 742.
V. Tax Court. Renegotiation Act.-Jurisdiction of Tax Court under Renegotiation
Act. Lichter v. United States, 742.
JUST COMPENSATION. See Constitutional Law, VI.
LABOR. See also Procedure, 1. 1. Fair Labor Standards Act-Overtime-Longshoremen.-Con-
tract between longshoremen's union and employers, specifying rate of pay for weekday daytime hours and 50% more for other hours, did not comply with overtime compensation requirements of Act. .Bay Ridge Co. v. Aaron, 446.
2. Id.-Determination of "regular rate" of pay for longshoremen; overtime premium and shift differential distinguished; computation of amount of compensation due. Id.
LAW OFFICERS. See Constitutional Law, III, 1; IV; X, .9.
LEGISLATIVE POWER. See Constitutional Law, II.
LICENSE. See Constitutional Law, III, 1; XI, 6; XII.
LIFE INSURANCE. See Insurance.
LONGSHOREMEN. See Labor.
LOUD-SPEAKERS. See Constitutional Law, III, 1.
MANDAMUS. 1. Power to issue writ-Federal courts.-Judicial Code § 262 em-
powers federal courts to issue writ in exercise or aid of appellate jurisdiction. United States v. U. S. District Court, 258.

INDEX.
MANDAMUS-Continued. 2. Propriety of writ.-Mandamus appropriate to prevent lower
court from obstructing enforcement of judgment of higher court. Id. 3. Id.-Circuit court of appeals may compel district court to
comply with mandate in case adjudged under Act of June 9, 1944, though term has expired and further appeal might come to Supreme Court. Id. MANDATE. See Interest; Jurisdiction, III, 1; Mandamus. MARITIME WATERS. See Constitutional Law, XI, 6, 8. MARRIAGE. See Constitutional Law, IX. MASSACHUSETTS. See Constitutional Law, IX. MAXIMS. See Equity.
MERGER. See Transportation.
MONOPOLY. See Antitrust Acts. MOTION PICTURES. See Antitrust Acts, 1; Constitutional Law,
III, 2. MOTOR CARRIERS. See Constitutional Law, VII, 3. NATIONAL SERVICE LIFE INSURANCE. See Insurance. NATURAL GAS. See Jurisdiction, II, 1. NEGROES. See Constitutional Law, II, 1; XI, 2-5; District of
Columbia. NEVADA. See Constitutional Law, IX, 2, 3. NEW YORK. See Constitutional Law, IX, 3. NON-FEDERAL QUESTION. See Jurisdiction, II, 2, 4-8. NON-RESIDENTS. See Constitutional Law, XI, 8. NOTICE. See Constitutional Law, X, 6. OIL. See Jurisdiction, II, 1. OKLAHOMA. See Constitutional Law, 1, 2. OSAGE INDIANS. See Constitutional Law, I, 2. OVERTIME. See Labor; Procedure, 1. PARKS. See Constitutional Law, III, 1. PAROLE. See Criminal Law, 1. PARTIES.
Plaintiffs-Constitutionalityof statute-Standing to sue.-Standing of parties to challenge constitutionality of statute. Toomer v. Witsell, 385.

INDEX.
PENALTY. See Constitutional Law, V; Criminal Law, 1.
PENNSYLVANIA. See Constitutional Law, V.
PERJURY. See Habeas Corpus, 1.
PLEA. See Constitutional Law, X, 6, 9.
POLICE. See Constitutional Law, III, 1; IV.
PREFERENCE. See Veterans.
PRICE CONTROL. See Constitutional Law, VI; Jurisdiction, I, 3.
PRICE DISCRIMINATION. See Antitrust Acts, 8.
PRICE FIXING. See Antitrust Acts, 3, 4.
PRISONERS. See Criminal Law.
PRIVILEGES AND IMMUNITIES. See Constitutional Law, XII.
PROCEDURE. See also Constitutional Law, X, 3-11; Habeas Corpus; Jurisdiction; Parties.
1. Summary judgment-Record-Adequacy.-Overtime compensation case against contractor who produced munitions in governmentowned plant on cost-plus-fixed-fee basis, remanded for amplification of record. Kennedy v. Silas Mason Co., 249.
2. Intervention-Right-Interest of applicant.-Leave to intervene denied where applicant's legal rights unaffected by decree. United States v. Paramount Pictures, 131.
3. Venue-Antitrust proceedings-Forum non conveniens.-Dismissal of civil antitrust proceeding not justified by transfer of criminal prosecution from same district. United States v. National City Lines, 573.
4. Renegotiation Act-Tax Court procedure.-Validity of proce.dure prescribed by Renegotiation Act for petition to Tax Court for redetermination of excessive profits. Lichter v. United States, 742.
5. Criminalprocedure-Appeals-Argument.-Discretionof circuit court of appeals to require production of prisoner to argue own appeal. Price v. Johnston, 266.
6. Criminal procedure-State prisoner-Claim of federal right.Doctrine of exhaustion of state remedy. Hedgebeth v. North Carolina, 806.
PROSECUTING ATTORNEYS. See Habeas Corpus, 1.
PUBLIC INTEREST. See Transportation. PUBLIC OFFICERS. See Constitutional Law, III, 1; IV.
PUBLIC PLACES. See Constitutional Law, III, 1.

INDEX.
PUBLIC POLICY. See District of Columbia. PUBLIC USE. See Constitutional Law, VI. QUANTITY DISCOUNT. See Antitrust Acts, 8. RACIAL DISCRIMINATION. See Constitutional Law, XI, 2-6;
District of Columbia; Jurisdiction, 1, 1. RAILROADS. See Transportation. REAL PROPERTY.
Restrictive covenants-Enforceability.-Racial restrictive covenants unenforceable by courts of states and District of Columbia. Shelley v. Kraemer, 1; Hurd v. Hodge, 24. RECORD. See Procedure, 1. REFINERS. See Antitrust Acts, 3. REGULAR RATE. See Labor, 2. REGULATIONS. See Insurance. RENEGOTIATION ACT. See Constitutional Law, II, 2-3; Con-
tracts; Jurisdiction, I, 4; IV, 3; Procedure, 4. RENT CONTROL. See Jurisdiction, 1, 3. REQUISITION. See Constitutional Law, VI. RESTRAINT OF TRADE. See Antitrust Acts. RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS. See Constitutional Law, X1, 2-5;
District of Columbia. RETROACTIVE LAWS. See Constitutional Law, V. REVENUE LAWS. See Constitutional Law, IV. RIGHT TO COUNSEL. See Constitutional Law, X, 5, 7-8. ROBINSON-PATMAN ACT. See Antitrust Acts, 8. SALT. See Antitrust Acts, 8. SEARCH AND SEIZURE. See Constitutional Law, IV. SENTENCE. See Criminal Law, 1. SEPARATION. See Constitutional Law, IX. SHERMAN ACT. See Antitrust Acts. SHIFT DIFFERENTIAL. See Labor, 2. SHRIMP. See Constitutional Law, XI, 8. SOUTH CAROLINA. See Constitutional Law, XI, 8.
SPECIFIC INTENT. See Antitrust Acts, 1.

INDEX.
STAMP TAX. See Constitutional Law, VII, 2. STANDING TO SuE. See Parties.
STATES. See Constitutional Law; District of Columbia; Jurisdiction, II, 4-8.
STATUTES. 1. Validity-Wisdom-Courts.-Wisdom of Act is for Congress not
courts. Hilton v. Sullivan, 323. 2. Construction-Districtof Columbia.-"Every State and Terri-
tory" in R. S. § 1978 as including District of Columbia. Hurd v. Hodge, 24. STEEL. See Antitrust Acts, 2.
STEVEDORES. See Labor.
STOCKHOLDERS. See Transportation. SUGAR BEETS. See Antitrust Acts, 3. SUMMARY JUDGMENT. See Procedure, 1. TABLE SALT. See Antitrust Acts, 8. TAXATION. See also Constitutional Law, VII.
State taxation-Inheritance tax-ndians.-Oklahoma inheritance tax on transfer of properties held in trust by United States for benefit of restricted Osage Indian and heirs, valid. West v. Oklahoma Tax Conim'n, 717. TAX COURT. See Contracts; Jurisdiction, 1, 4. TERRITORIAL WATERS. See Constitutional Law, XI, 6, 8. THREE-MILE LIMIT. See Constitutional Law, XI, 6, 8. TRANSFER TAX. See Constitutional Law, I, 2. TRANSPORTATION. See also Constitutional Law, VII, 3.
Interstate Commerce Act-Authority of Commission-Merger of railroads.-Commission's approval of voluntary merger, found to be in public interest and fair to stockholders, may not leave claims of dissenting stockholders to be settled by litigation or state law. Schwabacher v. United States, 182. TRIAL. See Constitutional Law, X, 5-11. TRUSTS. See Constitutional Law, I, 2. UNIONS. See Labor. VENUE. See Procedure, 3. VERTICAL INTEGRATION. See Antitrust Acts, 6.

INDEX.

889

VETERANS. See also Insurance.
Government employment-Preference over non-veterans-Length of service.-Validity of Civil Service regulations giving veterans of World War II and those having "good" efficiency ratings preference over non-veterans irrespective of length of government service. Hilton v. Sullivan, 323.
WAR. See Constitutional Law, II, 2; VI; Contracts; Procedure; Veterans.
WARRANT. See Constitutional Law, IV.
WORDS. 1. "Agreeable to the usages and principles of law."-JudicialCode
§ 262. Price v. Johnston, 266. 2. "At the expiration of the sentence now being served."-Hunter
v. Martin, 302. 3. "Discharge."--Selective Training & Service Act. Hilton v. Sul-
livan, 323. 4. "Due effect."-Veterans' Preference Act. Hilton v. Sullivan,
323. 5. "Every State and Territory."-As including District of Colum-
bia. Hurd v. Hodge, 24. 6. "Excessive profits."-Renegotiation Act. Lichter v. United
States, 742. 7. "Final" judgment.-Judicial Code § 237. Republic Natural Gas
Co. v. Oklahoma, 62. 8. "Necessary and proper."-Const.,Art. I, § 8. Lichter v. United
States, 742. 9. "Overtime premium."-Fair Labor Standards Act. Bay Ridge
Co. v. Aaron, 446. 10. "Regular rate."-Fair Labor Standards Act. Bay Ridge Co.
v. Aaron, 446. 11. "State."-As including District of Columbia. Hurd v. Hodge,
24.
YOUTHS. See Constitutional Law, X, 7.

PROCEEDINGS IN THE SUPREME COURT OF THE'UNITED STATES
In itmorm of lr. ustat Mc1 noIds
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 31, 1948.
Present: MR. CHIEF JUSTICE VINSON, MR. JUSTICE
BLACK, MR. JUSTICE REED, MR. JUSTICE FRANKFURTER, MR. JUSTICE. DOUGLAS, MR. JUSTICE JACKSON, MR. JUS-
TICE RUTLEDGE, and MR. JUSTICE BURTON.
MR. SOLICITOR GENERAL PERLMAN -addressed the Court as follows-
May it please this Honorable Court: At a meeting of members of the Bar of the Supreme Court, held on-November 12th, 1947, resolutions expressing their profound sorrow at the death of Associate Justice JamesClark McReynolds were offered by a committee, of which the Honorable James F. Byrnes, former Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, was chairman.3
1 MR. JUSTICE MCREYNOLDS, who had retired from active service on February 1, 1941 .(312 U. S. ii, n. 1), died in Washington, D. C., on August 24, 1946 (329 U. S. vii), and was buried at Elkton, Kentucky.
2The Committee on Arrangements for the meeting of the Bar consisted of Solicitor General Philip B. Pernman, Chairman, Mr. John Lord O'Brian, Mr. Pierce Butler, Mr.- John S. Flannery, and Mr. RogerRobb.
3 The other members of the Committee on Resolutions were Mr. Sidney S. Alderman, Judge Florence E. Allen, Mr. T. Ellis Allison, Mr. Henry W. Anderson, Mr. William Douglas Arant, Mr. John E. Benton, Mr. Francis Biddle, Mr. James Crawford Biggs, Mr. William

vi

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.

Addresses on the resolutions were made by the Honorable John W. Davis, the Honorable George Wharton Pepper and the Honorable R. V. Fletcher.
The re.solutions, adopted unanimously, are as follows:

RESOLUTIONS
At a meeting of the Bar of the Supreme Court of the United States held on November 12, 1947, to take appropriate action inmemory of the late Mr. Justice McReynolds, the Committee appointed by the Solicitor General reported this Minute for submission and action:
Although he was a native of Kentucky, the career, of Janes Clark McReynolds was more closely identified With the State of Tennessee, where he received his academic training and first practiced law. For many years he was the only representative'of the South on the Supreme Court of the United States. Preeminently he represented the philosophy which has come to be known as that of the

Marshall Bullitt, Miss Helen R. Carloss,. Mr. Henry :P. Chandler,

Mr. Duane R. Dills, Mr. Robert G. Dodge, Mr. Charles D. Drayton,

Mr. Henry S. Drinker, Mr. Charles Fahy, Mr. Robert V. Fletcher,

Mr. John T. Fowler, Mr. William L. Frierson, Mr. Norman Frost,

Mr. S. Price Gilbert, Chief Justice D. Lawrence Groner, Mr. P. F:

Henderson, Mr. Robert H. Kelley, Mr. Francis R. Kirkham, Mr.

Daniel W. Knowlton, Mr. William P. MacCracken, Jr., Mr. Maurice

J. Mahoney, Mr. Blaine Mallan,'Mr. William Clarke Mason, Mr. J.

Howard McGrath, Mr. John T. McHale, Mr. Earl C. Michener, Mr.

J. Blanc Monroe, Mr. George Maurice Morris, Mr. Hugh H. Obear,

Judge David A. Pine, Mr. William Jennings Price, Mr. Seth W.

Richa'rdson, Mr. George Rublee, Mr. Morrison Shafroth, Mr. J. Allan

Sherier, Mr. S. Milton Simpson, Mr. Robert Stone, Mr. Hatton W.

Sumners, Mr. William A. Sutherland, Judge Thomas D. Thacher,

Mr. Huston Thompson, Mr. G. Carroll Todd, Mr. William R. Val-

lance, Mr. Arthur T. Vanderbilt, Mr. George T.',Washington, Mr.

William R. Watkins, Mr. Alexander Wiley, and M.rs. Mabel Walker

Willebrandt.

that

It is regretted that limitations of space prevent the publication

of these addresses in this volume. They have been published pri-

vately in a memorial Volume prepared under the supervision of Mr.

Charles El' iore Cropley, Clerk of the Court.

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.
constitutional Democrat. He characterized his own ideas as those "of an old-time Cleveland Democrat" and "of a
gold Democrat." -He was the supreme type of the rugged individualist..
Ruggedness was his outstanding characteristic. He. was a large, six-foot frame of a man, with erect, military
bearing and the aspect of an early Roman senator. He had a face .of great strength, which might have seemed
carved from Tennessee granite, but for the illumination of steel-blue eyes and a suddenly 'flashing smile. , It was a face which could express every shade of feeling, from genuine graciousness and generosity of spirit, through flashing wit and humor, to the most satiric scorn.
As an individualist he believed in the individual and his "rights. He believed also in the reserved powers of the :States. He resented and resisted the growing exercise of power by the Federal Governmient in fields formerly conceived to have been reserved -to the States. He was a, strict constructionist, who felt an, impelling conviction that the Federal Government ought to .be held within the framewcork of its field of action as delegated to it by the people in the written Constitution and who resisted what he felt to be a tendency.-to amend the Constitution and to' expand Federal power by jidicial interpretation'. And. yet, likewise as an. individualist he. was strongly opposed to monopoly arnd was a vigorous'supporter of the antitrust laws.
He served over a quarter of acentury on the Supreme Court: through World War I,* through the following' great depression,. through the era of the vast expansion of Federal power, through the dramatic and historic attack by the Executive on the Judiciary, and through a period in which, ironically enough, he succeeded Louis Dembitz' Brandeis as "the Great Dissenter."' He held V- with grim- determination after. the times had turned gainst his views and retired just two days before his seventyninth birthday. He presents 'the paradox of having come

VIII

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.

to the.Court as a much-vaunted, antitrust liberal and of having left it as the most die-hard representative of the
conservative wing. Yet a careful study of his opinions
throughout the quarter-century will disclose a pattern of inflexible and unyielding consistency. It was not James
Clark McReynolds who changed. It was the times, the country, the prevailing constitutional views and the Supreme Court that changed. Justice McReynolds remained standing in his place, like a granite mountain.
.Two illustrations will suffice to show his immovability.
They are both in the field of his opposition to what he deemed to be encroachments of the Federal Government upon the reserved powers of the States.
One of his most famous dissents was a short one of three paragraphs in the Oregon-WashingtonRailway and Navigation Company case, in 1926. The Court, in an
opinion by Chief Justice Taft, held that an act of Congress -covered the whole field of plant disease control, so far as its spread by interstate transportation could be
affected and restrained, and that consequently a statute of the State of Washington attempting quarantine against the interstate importation of alfalfa weevil was invalid. Justice McReynolds delivered a characteristically vigorous dissent, joined in by Justice Sutherland, in which he took the position. that the act of Congress did not by its own terms conflict with the State statute, that the-Secretary of Agriculture had taken no actiofi under the powers delegated to him by Congress which conflicted with the State statute, and in which he concluded: "It is a serious thing ,to paralyze the efforts of a State to protect her people against impending calamity, and leave them to the slow charity of a far-off and perhaps supine federal. bureau. No Siuch purpose should be attributed to Congress
unless indicated beyond reasonable ' doubt." Congress promptly amended the Federal act interpreted in that case afid made it clear that the views of the McReynolds dis-
sent should prevail.

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.

ix

His last official actioh, on January 20, 1941, was to join with Chief Justice Hughes in concurrence in a dissent written by Mr. Justice Stone in the Davidowitz case. The majority, in an opinion by Mr. Justice Black, held that a Pennsylvania alien-registration statute was invalid as in conflict with the Federal Alien Registration Act, which was held to have occupied the field to the exclusion of state legislation. The dissenters saw no conflict between the two acts and warned: "At a time when the exercise of tl~e federal power is being rapidly expanded through Congressional action, it is difficult to overstate the importance of safeguarding against such diminution of state power by vague inferences as to what Congress might have intended if it had considered the matter or by reference to our own conceptions of a policy which Congress has not expressed and which is not plainly to be inferred from the legislation which it has enacted ... Little aid can be derived from the vague and illusory but often repeated formula that Congress 'by occupying the
field' has excluded from it all state legislation. Every Act of Congress occupies some field, but we must know the boundaries of that field before we can say that it has precluded a state from the exercise of any power reserved to it by the Constitution."
This last official act is wholly reminiscent of his 1926
dissent and exemplifies the unchangeableness that was McReynolds.
His most famous dissent, one of the most dramatic
ever delivered from the bench of the Supreme Court, was his dissent from the decision of the Court in the Gold Clause Cases. He was joined in it by Justices Van Devanter, Sutherland, and Butler. He completely departed from his written opinion and went to'the country with an extemporaneous denunciation of repudiation of contracts and devaluation of the currency which electrified his auditors, sympathetic and unsympathetic alike. No stenographic transcript of what he said was taken. His

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.
-,remarks were quoted only fragmentarily,in the press. It wgs feared that they would be. lost to posterity. Justice 'McReynolds himself prepareda revision of his remarks, Which was published by the Wall Street Journal as the most authentic version. Many who heard the utterance will remember passages that do not appear in that version and will remember differently many that do appear.' He has often been quoted as saying, "The Constitution is gone." It is believed the expression he used was, "The Constitution, as we have known it, is gone."
Among. the stronger expressions contained in Justice McReynolds' own revision are the following:
"Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, and. I do not accept the conclusions announced by the court. The record reveals clear purpose to bring about confiscation of private rights and repudiation of national obligations. To us, these things are abhorrent.. We cannot believe the wise men who framed the Constitution intended to authorize them. On the contrary, adequate words of inhibition are there.
"First, the President is granted power to depreciate the dollar. He fixed sixty cents. Next, attempt is made to destroy private obligations by 'A Statute to Regulate the Currency of the United States.' Also to destroy Government obligations. The same language-the same section-covers both. Having put out five hundred million Gold Clause bonds in May, Congress declares in June that these promises so to pay in gold are illegal and contrary to existing public policy, although this had been consistently observed for many years and had been approved by the courts.
"After this effort to destroy the gold clause, the dollar is depreciated to sixty cents. Prices are to be estimated in deflated dollars. Mortgages, bank deposits, insurance funds, everything that thrifty men have accumulated, is subject to this depreciation. And we are told there is no remedy.

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.

xi

"We venture to say that the Constitution gives no such arbitrary power. It was not there originally; it was not there yesterday; it is not properly there today.

"It is said that the National Government has made by these 'transactions $2,800,000,000 and that all gold hypothecated to the Treasury now may be used to discharge public obligations! If the dollar be depreciated to five cents or possibly one, then, through fraud, all governmental obligations could be discharged quite simply.
"Shame and humiliation are upon us now. Moral and financial chaos may confidently be expected."
This 'fervid dissent accords with the view he himself had expressed many years before in another dissenting opinion that "an amorphous dummy, unspotted by human emotions" is not "a becoming receptacle for judicial power."
So much discussion of his dissents should not cast doubt on his profound contribution to jurisprudence in his many majority opinions throughout his long period 'of service. His dissents became more and more numerous after 1933. But throughout his long judicial career he made such a continuous and constructive contribution to judicial decision, in so many fields of the law, that it would be impracticable in these resolutions to attempt a summarization. That contribution will ever stand as vitally significant in the history of the period, of the Court and of its jurisprudence.
James Clark McReynolds was born in Elkton, Kentucky, on February 3, 1862, of Scotch-Irish descent, the ,son of Dr. John 0. and Ellen (Reeves) McReynolds. His father was determined that he should be a professional man, a doctor or a lawyer, and sent him to Vanderbilt University, where he received the degree of Bachelor of Science in 1882, completing a four-year course in three years. He took first honors in his class, received the Founder's Gold Medal, and was elected valedictorian by his classmates.

xii

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.

He received his law degree from the Department of Law of.the University of Virginia in 1884. Returning to Nashville, Tenn., he began the practice of law-and also served as a member of the faculty of the Vanderbilt Law School. He. achieved a considerable reputation by his zeal, diligence and ability in the practice there. In 1903 Philander C. Knox, Republican Attorney General, was looking for a $30,000-a-year lawyer who would work for $5,000. A friend gave him the name of James Clark McReynolds but warned that he was a Democrat. Mr. Knox said thai he wanted a lawyer, not a politician, and he made the young Tennessee lawyer Assistant Attorney General and put him in charge of antitrust prosecutions. 'In this position McReynolds remained from 1903 to 1907 and successfully prosecuted many important cases. Thereafter he practiced for several years in New York City.
Later he came back to the Department of Justice as
Special Assistant to the Attorney General and successfully prosecuted and argued in the Supreme Court the cele-
brated American Tobacco Company case, which was argued in January 1910, reargued in January 1911, and
decided on May 29, 1911, and the famous Temple Iron Company case, decided December 16,1912.
He served as Attorney General in President Wilson's
cabinet in 1913 and 1914, in which position he had a stormy and controversial career. He .was bitterly attacked by a group of Senators led by Senator Borah and Senator Works on a charge that he maintained a corps of special agents operating a system of espionage to investigate Federal judges with a view to influencing their decisions. A Senate resolution called on him for information regarding the matters charged, "so far as not in-
compatible with the public interest." He made a report to the President on August 6, 1913, transmitted also to the Senate, in which he took an unyielding position.' He Jescribed the kind of investigating agents he maintained. He said that the disclosure of their names would be in-

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.

XIII

compatible with the public interest. On the same ground he refused to name any judge who had been investigated,
*except Judge Archbald, whose impeachment trial was
public property. And he sternly declared, "The sugges-
tion that the Department of Justice is maintaining a system of espionage over the courts and judges of the country is entirely without foundation."
He was nominated Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by President Wilson in August 1914, to succeed Justice Horace Harmon Lurton, who had died July 12, 1914. He was confirmed by the Senate on August 29, 1914. He took the oath of office September 3, 1914. The judicial oath was administered to him and he took his seat on the bench at the opening of the following October Term. His first opinion for the Court was handed down on November 30, 1914; his last on January 20, 1941, twenty-six years and almost two months later.
The personnel of the Court when he took his seat in 1914 was: Chief Justice Edward Douglass White and Associate Justices Joseph McKenna, Oliver Wendell Holmes, William R. Day, Charles Evans Hughes, -Willis Van Devanter, Joseph Rucker Lamar, Mahlon Pitney, and James Clark McReynolds.
When he retired on February 1, 1941, the personnel of the Court was: Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes (who followed him in retirement on June 2, 1941) and Associate Justices James Clark McReynolds (the senior Justice), Harlan Fiske Stone, Owen J. Roberts, Hugo L. Black, Stanley ReedFelix Frankfurter, William 0. Douglas, and Frank Murphy.
His twenty-six years of service on the bench saw the passing from the scene of every member of the Court as constituted when he took his seat, except Charles Evans Hughes, who had returned as Chief Justice after an interval of fourteen years following his resignation to run for
the Presidency against Woodrow Wilson, and likewise saw the passing of such intervening famous personalities

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.
as George Sutherland, Pierce Butler, Louis Dembitz
Brandeis, and Benjamin N. Cardozo. -; His* career was fittingly epitomized by Chief Justice Hughes When he said, after the opening of the Court on
February-3, 1941:
."On February 1, 1941, Mr. Justice -James Clark McReynolds retired from active service as Associate Justice of this Court. Forthright, independent, maintaining with strength and tenacity of conviction, his conceptions of constitutional right, he has served with distinction upon this bench for upwards of twenty-six years and has left a deep impress-upon the jurisprudence of the Court. It is hoped that, relieved of the burden of active service, he will long enjoy his accustomed vigor of body and
mind." After his retirement, Justice McReynolds made his
home at 2400 Sixteenth Street N. W., Washington, DC. He had never married and for many years was the only bachelor on the Court.
He had an idiosyncrasy against smoking, which he applied with some rigor against his law clerks and which was generally respected by his guests. Yet he was a charming and gracious host and his Sunday morning breakfasts were famous. He loved duck hunting and golf. He was a great walker. He was a discriminating lover of books and a deep student of history.
A revealing side of his character was his gentleness and generosity to the humble and to those in need. During World War II he adopted thirty-three British children, supported them and personally corresponded with every one of them. Cartoons in the press treated the crusty old bachelor Justice as having outdofie the old woman who lived in a shoe. His love of children is also shown by his many benefactions to the Children's Hospital of the District of Columbia. He made many unheralded benefactions to charities and to needy individuals during his lifetime, and in his last will and testament

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.
he left charitable bequests totaling nearly $190,000 and many additional individual bequests.
After several weeks of illness in Walter Reed Hospital, he died on August 24, 1946, and was buried in the family burial ground in Elkton, Kentucky.
Men will always differ in their views of James Clark McReynolds as they differ in their attitudes toward constitutional questions. But no one can doubt that he was a man of great character and power, a significant figure in a time of great change, unshakable in his devotion to the public welfare as he conceived it and to constitutional principles in which he had the sincerest and profoundest belief.
Resolved, That the foregoing Minute be adopted; that a copy of it be transmitted to the Attorney General of the United States for presentation to the Court, and that the Chairman be directed to forward copies of it to the next of kin of Mr. Justice McReynolds.
MR. ATrORNEY GENERAL CLARK addressed the Court as follows:
Mr. Chief Justice and Associate Justices: As we gather here today I deem it a privilege to speak in memory of the late Mr. Justice James Clark McReynolds, who passed away on August 24, 1946.
Mr. Justice McReynolds was born on February 3, 1862, at Elkton, Kentucky. He was educated in Tennessee, and received the degree of Bachelor of Science with highest honors from Vanderbilt University when barely 20 years of age. Entering the University of Virginia he was graduated from the Department of Law of that institution two years later. He thereupon entered upon the private practice in Nashville, Tenn., serving at the same time as a member of the faculty of the Vanderbilt Law School. His competence and enthusiasm for his work soon became widely known and greatly respected.

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.
In 1903 Attorney General Philander C. Knox recognized in McReynolds the type of lawyer he was seekinga $30,000-a-year man, as Knox himself put it, who would work for $5,000 a year. MeReynolds was his man. He became Assistant Attorney General and was placed in charge of antitrust prosecutions.
The so-called "trust busting" era from 1903 to 1907 was the period during which McReynolds held that position. He was unstintingly active in the making of this history. Later he was destined to give completely of himself in assisting in the development of the law on the Bench of this Court.
The late Justice left the Federal service in 1907 and began the practice of law in New York City. In 1913, however, President Wilson invited him to accept the office of Attorney General of the United States, and in March of that year he assumed his duties as head of the Federal Department of Justice. He served in this capacity until he was nominated as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.
His activity with regard to the development of antitrust law is especially worthy of note. He prosecuted most of the important antitrust cases of his time. His prosecution and presentation of the case that broke the grip of the Tobacco Trust are said to have been brilliant. He was active in the suit brought against the Reading Company to end monopolistic control of the anthracite coal industry, and he vigorously conducted the New Haven Railroad case that attacked the New England transportation monopoly. He successfully fought the concentration of wire communications in the hands of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company and forced the dissolution of the combination created when the Union Pacific Railroad Company acquired control of the Southern Pacific Company.
Perhaps the best known of all the cases with which McReynolds was associated was the famous suit against

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.

XVII

the American Tobacco Company. The Tobacco Trust Case, as it was called, was twice argued before the Supreme Court by some of the most eminent lawyers of
the day. In its decision, rendered in 1911, this Court fixed into permanence the "rule of reason" which had first
been stated in the earlier decision dissolving the Standard Oil Trust. It is not too much to say that this interpretation colored all subsequent development of the Sherman Antitrust Act, and it was certainly a basic factor in the enactment and content of the Clayton Antitrust Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act of 1914.
Mr. McReynolds' tenure as Attorney General lasted a little over a year, and terminated with his accession to the Bench of this Court. He was nominated by President Wilson in August of 1914, to fill the vacancy left by the death of Justice Horace Harmon Lurton on July 12 of that year. He took his seat on this Bench at the opening of the October 1914 term. He sat as a member of the Court from that time until February 1, 1941, when by retirement he ended twenty-seven years' service as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. After retiring he remained in Washington, where he died on August 24,1946.
I should like to refer, Mr. Chief Justice and Associate Justices, to the character and philosophy of the late Mr. Justice McReynolds.
I suppose that the salient points in his character and philosophy were a rigid righteousness, an unyielding determination, and unshakable stability. When he felt deeply on a question, his view absorbed him so completely that he had the greatest difficulty in moderating his expression, or in tolerating sustained argument by those who opposed him. Those who were present when this Court rendered its decision in the Gold Clause Cases report that Justice McReynolds was almost beside himself with feeling as he spoke extemporaneously in dissent. He could not be tolerant on an issue which seemed to
792588 0-48---2

XVIII

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.

him so deeply of the essence of our national honesty and honor. He could not be cool and detached in the face
of what he considered to be a repudiation of right conduct
on the part of our Government. Justice McReynolds' judicial philosophy always limited
him to the naked question at bar. It prevented him from
unnecessarily expressing an opinion on related issues in obiter dicta, and it made his style terse and direct. A well-known manifestation of this characteristic was his three-paragraph dissenting opinion in the case of OregonWashington Railroad & Navigation Company v. State of Washington, in 270 U. S. 87, 103 (1926). There, in discussing the validity of a state statute of Washington, where the Congress had legislated on the broad subject
by delegating authority to the Secretary of Agriculture,
but where the Secretary had not acted, Justice McReynolds disagreed with the view of the majority of the Court
that the State statute was unconstitutional. His style and his philosophy are both illustrated by the concluding
paragraph of that short dissent, where he stated that "It is a serious thing to paralyze the efforts of a State to protect her people against impending calamity, and leave them to the slow charity of a far-off and perhaps supine federal bureau. No such purpose should be attributed
to Congress unless indicated beyond reasonable doubt." Justice McReynolds was persevering and stable in his
character and in his views. Philosophically,. morally, professionally, Justice Mc-
Reynolds remained constant-changing but little, if any. When he began his career he was thought to be rather radical in his views, particularly on public business; when his active life ended in retirement, his position was con-
sidered conservative. But Justice McReynolds himself was neither liberal nor conservative. It was simply that
the nation was more conservative than he at the beginning of his career, and more liberal at its end. It was the times-the public, popular political preferences, the

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.
world situation-that changed and not he. During history's shift*ing of scenes on the stage of political and social movement, this man remained an enduring rock of fixed location, a philosophical bench mark from which a historian might survey the past or future temper of the nation.
Justice McReynolds could not have been otherwise. His code of honor was inflexible and unyielding. He could no more yield at the end of his career to the proponents of a progressivism with which he disagreed than he could have given way at the beginning of his career to those who upheld the older order. He was strong in his beliefs, and his feeling endured that those beliefs were right.
The late Justice was the prototype of the rugged individualist, believing firmly in man living independently and untrammeled by restrictions. He opposed monopoly and power, whether such power was exercised by private interest or by public, whether it arose from the concentration of wealth and strength in the hands of individual citizens, or whether it resulted from an expansion by the Federal Government, whose authority he feared as overflowing the banks formed by the Constitution.
Contrary to public belief, Mr. Justice McReynolds was not a lonely man. He loved the company of those who shared his views and his principles. He had a big heart for the young and for education. While he was in truth unbending in his political and judicial views, he had all of the human qualities that endeared him to all who knew him. At his death he left large bequests to Centre College-for educational and religious purposes. During his life he followed the practice of giving generously-and anonymously-to charity.
On his daily walks one would hear him inquiring as to the welfare of his neighbors and.particularly the youngsters. On some occasions his walks would be interrupted by an unkempt, hurt child. He was never too engrossed

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.
or self-contained to stop and bend down on such occasion to console the tot and assuage the pain, and place a coin or two into its little hand.
May it please this Honorable Court: In the name of the lawyers of this nation, and particularly of the Bar of this Court, I respectfully request that the resolution presented to you in memory of the late Justice James Clark McReynolds be accepted by you, and that it, together with the chronicle of these proceedings, be ordered kept for all time in the records of this Court.
THE CHIEF JUSTICE responded: Mr. Attorney General: In receiving the Resolutions which you have presented, the Court expresses deep appreciation for the tribute from the Bar of this Court to the memory of this eminent lawyer, statesman, and jurist-an able and faithful member of this Court, who gave 26 years of his life in its service. James Clark McReynolds was born in the town of Elkton, Kentucky, in the second year of the War between the States. His ancestry was of the sturdy Scotch-Irish stock which has contributed so greatly to the development of the American republic and which has produced so many distinguished figures in American public life. James McReynolds grew to maturity during that period in our history in which the American nation was undergoing a transition from a society predominantly agricultural in interests and outlook to a society dominated by the interests and problems of an industrial civilization. He was graduated from Vanderbilt University in 1882 with highest honors, was elected valedictorian of his class and was awarded the Founder's Gold Medal. Two years later, he received his degree in law from the University of Virginia. At the conclusion of his professional training, he entered into the practice of law in Nashville, Tennessee, where

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.

XXI

he gained an enviable reputation for diligence, ability, and integrity. During the same period, he supplemented his activities as a practicing attorney by serving as a member of the faculty of law at Vanderbilt University.
In 1903, though a member of the Democratic party, he was appointed Assistant Attorney General in the administration of President Theodore Roosevelt and was placed in charge of antitrust prosecutions. He performed his important duties with distinction for four years, leaving his post in 1907 to undertake the practice of law in New York City. Shortly thereafter, he returned to the Department of Justice as Special Assistant to the Attorney General and participated in some of the most important antitrust litigation of the period, including the American Tobacco Company case.
In March 1913, he was appointed Attorney General by the newly elected President, Woodrow Wilson. He served in that capacity until August 1914 when he was appointed an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Mr. Justice Lurton. He was an active member of this Court for over twenty-six years, serving until his retirement on February 1, 1941. Death came at the age of 84 on August 24, 1946. He was buried in the family burial ground in Elkton, Kentucky.
Mr. Justice McReynolds performed his judicial duties during a crucial period in American history. He entered into his office some six weeks after the outbreak of the European phase of the first World War. He left the bench while a second World War was raging overseas. In the intervening period, the nation experienced a major economic depression. Inevitably, the impact of the events of the time gave rise to issues of the highest importance, many of which this Court was called upon to resolve.
To the solution of these perplexing problems, Mr. Justice McReynolds brought a fully matured legal philoso-

XXII

MR. JUSTICE McREYNQLDS.

phy. It was a set of principles which has been given frequent expression 'inAmerican Constitutional history. It calls for strict construction of constitutionally granted powers, vigorous defense of States' rights, and for narrow confinement of governmental interference with individual freedom of action. Mr. Justice McReynolds brought to his judicial labors a deep conviction that the structure of this nation had been built on strong foundations. He believed that it was in the functioning of the judicial process that those foundations could best be preserved and strengthened; and upon that process he based his greatest hopes for our future welfare. He also believed, as he once remarked, that the power of this Court "does not lie in the army, it does not lie in the navy, nor in the militia; it lies in the faith of the people for whom it was created . . . ." For over twenty-six years Mr. Justice McReynolds consistently applied these principles with zeal, ability, and diligence, and with a conviction and
intensity which could not brook compromise. "Constitutional guarantees," he wrote upon one occasion, "were intended to be immutable essences within our character . . . . Certain fundamentals have been put be-
yond experimentation." But, in his view, the function of the judge is not that of a mere automaton. Thus, in his dissent in Berger v. United States, 255 U. S.22, 43. he remarked: "And while 'an overspeaking judge is no well-tuned cymbal' neither is an amorphous dummy un-
spotted by human emotions a becoming receptacle for judicial power."
During his long tenure upon the bench, Mr. Justice McReynolds expressed his views, both in majority and dissent, in a great number of cases presenting the immense variety of problems which come before thisCourt. His opinions reveal a conscious and continuing effort to decide no more than required by the issues of the particular case before him. Hi- writing shows little taste

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.

XXIII

for epigram. His literary style, characteristic of the man, was terse, direct, and clear, yet capable of translating to the reader the conviction and fervor with which his views were expressed. He wrote during a period when the integration of our society through a developing industrialism and the rapid growth of transportation and communication necessitated adjustments between the roles of the federal and state governments; but he never lost sight of the place of the States in the American governmental system. He appreciated the importance of private property in our economy and recognized that the maintenance of law and order is fundamental to the national welfare. The expression that his opinions give to those views reinforces the basic constitutional theories that governed his decisions.
Mr. Justice McReynolds was a man of broad intel-
lectual interests. He was a generous host, and greatly enjoyed the company of his friends. The welfare of children was a matter of genuine concern to him. Upon his retirement from the Court, he "adopted" and sup-
ported thirty-three British children whose homes had been destroyed by the bombings of London: His interest in these innocent victims of war was personal and profound. He gave a further practical manifestation of his concern by offering to contribute the first $10,000 to
a $10,000,000 Save the Children Fund. His will contained numerous bequests to charities dedicated to child welfare and to others concerned with the care of the weak and the helpless. Throughout his life, Mr. Justice McReynolds was interested in the education of young people. His will contained several substantial gifts to institutions providing legal education, reflecting an interest derived from his long career as teacher of law, practitioner, and judge. But he was concerned, not only with professional training, but also with the problems of general education. Thus his will contained bequests to liberal arts colleges

XXIV

MR. JUSTICE McREYNOLDS.

such as Centre College at Danville, Kentucky, an institution which he loved, though of which he was not an alumnus.
Above all, Mr. Justice McReynolds was a man of sincerity and independence. His views on the controversial issues of his time were, to him, matters of vital moral conviction. In their defense, he dedicated the full resources of his spirit and character. It is not surprising that his views evoked strong response, both in support and opposition. But even those of a-different philosophy found much to admire in his absolute integrity and his rugged forthrightness. Complete conformity in thought and opinion has never been considered a virtue in this Republic. It is a basic tenet of our political doctrine that out of the clash of opposing views we are most likely to approach truth. So long as that is our faith, we will pay tribute to the memory of a man who never deviated from the path of principles which to him were fundamental to the nation's welfare.

THE CHIEF JUSTICE directed that the resolutions be spread upon the minutes of the Court.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
ALLOTMENT OF JUSTICES.
It is ordered that the following allotment be made of the Chief Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, agreeably to the Acts of Congress in such case made and provided, and that such allotment be entered of record, viz:
For the First Circuit, FELIX FRANKFURTER, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, ROBERT H. JACKSON, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, HAROLD H. BURTON, Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, FRED M. VINSON, Chief Justice. For the Fifth Circuit, HUGO L. BLACK, Associate Justice. For the-Sixth Circuit, STANLEY REED, Associate Justice. For the Seventh Circuit, FRANK MURPHY, Associate Justice. For the Eighth Circuit, WILEY RUTLEDGE, Associate Justice. For the Ninth Circuit, WILLIAM 0. DOUGLAS, Associate Justice. For the Tenth Circuit, WILEY RUTLEDGE, Associate Justice. For the District of Columbia, FRED M. VINSON, Chief Justice.
October 14,1946.
(For next previous allotment, see 328 U. S. p. Iv.)

C.

to

z z

,Vt

t- k

C

0oo0.,7 .

NN
II -

1 I

-C,

w

-'1'

ob -0 kO

00

=

, -

=,I

:'IC

,

0C0

E-4 Z
z-

at A
-Ez

Z
z

O
E 03
.eq

= :4 LO

o ~
E

OD
m* 14~

Jooe

JUSTICES
OF THE
SUPREME COURT:
DURING THE .TIME OF THESE REPORTS.
FRED M. VINSON, CHIEF JUSTICE. HUGO L. BLACK, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE. STANLEY REED, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE. FELIX FRANKFURTER, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE. WILLIAM 0. DOUGLAS, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE. FRANK MURPHY, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE. ROBERT H. JACKSON, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE. WILEY RUTLEDGE, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE. HAROLD H. BURTON. ASSOCIATE JUSTICE.
RETIRED
CHARLES EVANS HUGHES, CHIEF JUSTICE.
TOM C. CLARK, ATTORNEY GENERAL. PHILIP B. PERLMAN, SOLICITOR GENERAL. CHARLES ELMORE CROPLEY, CLERK. WALTER WYATT, REPORTER. THOMAS ENNALLS WAGGAMAN, MARSHAL. HELEN NEWMAN, LIBRARIAN.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM AND ORDERS FROM APRIL 27, 1948, THROUGH JUNE 21, 1948.

MAY 3, 1948.
Per CuriamDecisions.
No. 397. INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD OF TEAM-
STERS, CHAUFFEURS, WAREHOUSEMEN & HELPERS UNION
ET AL. V. DENVER MILK PRODUCERS, INC. ET AL. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Colorado. Argued January 9, 1948. Decided May 3, 1948. Per Curiam: Because of the inadequacy of the record, we decline to decide the constitutional issues involved. The appeal is dismissed without prejudice to the determination in further proceedings of any questions arising under the Federal Constitution. Cf. Rescue Army v. Municipal Court, 331 U. S. 549 (1947). Dissenting: MR. JUSTICE BLACK and MR. JUSTICE MURPHY. HerbertS. Thatcher argued the cause for appellants. With him on the brief were J. Albert Woll and Philip Hornbein, Jr. Kenneth W. Robinson argued the cause and filed a brief for appellees. Robert D. Charlton was also of counsel. By special leave of Court, George K. Thomas, Assistant Attorney General, argued the cause for the State of Colorado, as amicus curiae, urging affirmance. With him on the brief was H. Lawrence Hinkley, Attorney General. Reported below: 116 Colo. 389, 183 P. 2d 529.

No. 733. SCHMITT V. WILDER, DIRECTOR OF LICENSING,

ET AL. Appeal from the Supreme Court of South Dakota.

Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of a

substantial federal question. Ashley Sellers and Kenneth

L. Kimble for appellant. Ray F. Drewry, Assistant At-

torney General of South Dakota, for appellees. Reported

below: 71 S. Dak. 575, 27 N. W. 2d 910.

792588 o-48--56

809

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

May 3, 1948.

334 U. S.

No. 741. FINLEY ET AL. V. CITY OF TARRANT ET AL. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Alabama. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted'and the appeal is dismissed for the reason that the judgment of the court below is based upon a nonfederal ground adequate to support it. MR. JUSTICE BLACK took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. George D. Finley for appellants. Douglass P. - Wingo, Peyton D. Bibb and Needham A. Graham,Jr.for appellees. Reported below: 250 Ala. 19, 32 So. 2d 806.

Miscellaneous Orders.
No. 337. CONNECTICUT MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.
ET AL. V. MOORE, COMPTROLLER OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK, 333 U. S. 541. Rehearing denied. The petitions of the States of Connecticut and Vermont for leave to intervene are therefore also denied.

No. 361, Misc. DAVIS v. NIERSTHEIMER, WARDEN; and No. 469, Misc. FOOK V. CLEMMER, DIRECTOR. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.

CertiorariGranted.
No. 621. UNITED STATES V. KANSAS CITY LIFE INSURANCE Co. Court of Claims. Certiorari granted. Solicitor General Perlman for the United States. Ray B. Lucas for respondent.. Reported below: 109 Ct. Cl. 555, 74 F. Supp. 653.

No. 195, Misc. YOUNG v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Circuit Court of Randolph County, Illinois. Certiorari granted. Petitioner pro se. George F. Barrett, Attorney General of Illinois, and William C. Wines, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

May 3, 1948.

CertiorariDenied.
No. 611. LOEW'S, INC. ET AL. V. WILLIAM GOLDMAN THEATRES, INC. C. C. A. 3d. Certiorari denied. Wm. A. Schnader, Bernard G. Segal, J. Pennington Straus, JosephM. Proskauerand Louis J. Go/fman for petitioners. William A. Gray, Francis T. Anderson, Lester J. Schaffer and Robert Dechert for respondent. Reported below: 164 F. 2d 1021.

No. 642. NEW YORK, NEW HAVEN & HARTFORD RAILROAD Co. v. RECONSTRUCTION FINANCE CORPORATION. C. C. A. 2d. Certiorari denied. Hermon J. Wells and H. H. Corbin for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Robert L. Stern, Robert W. Ginnane, W. Meade Fletcher and Joseph A. Woolman for respondent. Reported below: 164 F. 2d 466.

No. 663. UNITED STATES V. COLD METAL PROCESS CO, ET AL. C. C. A. 6th. Certiorari denied. Solicitor General Perlman for the United States. Clarence B. Zewadski and Howard F. Burns for respondents. Reported below: 164 F. 2d 754.

No. 682. HARANG V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Arthur A. Moreno for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Caudle, Sewall Key and Hilbert P. Zarky for the United States. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 106.

No. 688. BEAVERS V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Robert Ash for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman,Assistant Attorney General Caudle, Sewall Key and Hilbert P. Zarky for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 208.

No. 698. IN RE GORDON. Supreme Court of California. Certiorari denied. David W. Louisell for petitioner.

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

May 3, 1948.

334 U. S.

No. 699. CAPITOL MEATS, INC. ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 2d. Certiorari denied. Irving J. Roth for petitioners. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Beatrice Rosenberg for the United States. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 537.

No. 714. SCHATTE ET AL. V. INTERNATIONAL ALLIANCE
OF THEATRICAL STAGE EMPLOYEES & MOVING PICTURE
OPERATORS ET AL. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. Zach Lamar Cobb for petitioners. Matthew M. Levy and Michael G. Luddy for the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees & Moving Picture Operators et al.; and Homer I. Mitchell for the Association of Motion Picture Producers, Inc. et al.. respondents. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 216.

No. 686. SAMETT V. RECONSTRUCTION FINANCE CORPORATION. C. C. A. 10th. Certiorari denied. THE CHIEF JUSTICE took no part in the consideration or decision of this application. Fred S. Caldwell for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Morison, Paul A. Sweeney and Harry I. Rand for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 605.

No. 694. WAITE V. OVERLADE, WARDEN. C. C. A. 7th. Certiorari denied. MR.JUSTICE MURPHY and MR. JUSTICE RUTLEDGE are of the opinion the petition should be granted. Benjamin G. Cox for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Frederick Bernays Wiener, Robert S. Erdahl and Beatrice Rosenberg for respondent. Reported below: 164 F. 2d 722.

No. 307, Misc. HARRISON V.ILLINOIS. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 395 Ill. 463, 70 N. E. 2d 596.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

May 3, 10, 1948.

No. 421, Misc. MACK v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

Rehearing Denied. (See also No. 337, supra.)
No. 270. PARKER V. ILLINOIS, 333 U. S. 571. ing denied.

Rehear-

No. 384. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE V. SOUTH TEXAS LUMBER Co., 333 U. S. 496. Rehearing denied.

No. 579. GARLAND V. UNITED STATES, 333 U. S. 861. Rehearing denied.

MAY 10, 1948.
Per.CuriamDecisions.
No. 153. TRUSTEES OF THE MONROE AVENUE CHURCH OF CHRIST ET AL. V. PERKINS ET AL. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio. PerCuriam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed. Shelley v. Kraemer and McGhee v. Sipes, 334 U. S. 1. MR. JUSTICE REED, MR. JUSTICE JACKSON, and MR. JUSTICE RUTLEDGE took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Leon A. Ransom and Austin L. Ficding for petitioners. Reported below: 147 Ohio St. 537, 72 N. E. 2d 97.

No. 429. AMER V. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES; and
No. 430. KIM V. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF Los ANGELES. On petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California. PerCuriam: The petition for writs of certiorari is granted. In each case the order denying a petition for writ of prohibition is vacated and the case is remanded to the Su-

814

OCTOBER TERM, 19.7.

May 10, 1948.

334 U. S.

preme Court of California in order to enable it to reconsider its ruling in the light of Shelley v. Kraemer and McGhee v. Sipes, 334 U. S. 1. MR. JUSTICE REED, MR. JUSTICE JACKSON, and MR. JUSTICE RUTLEDGE took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases. A. L. Wirin and Fred Okrand for petitioners. Harold L. Ken-
nedy, Ray C. Eberhardand Elisabeth Eberhard Zeigler for respondent. Saburo Kido filed a brief for the Japanese American Citizens League, as amicus curiae, sup-
porting the petition.

No. 700. GAMBRELL ET AL. V. CHALK HILL THEATRE Co., LTD. ET AL. Appeal from the Court of Civil Appeals, 3d Supreme Judicial District, of Texas. Per Curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for the reason that the judgment of the court below is based upon a nonfederal ground adequate to support it. Everett L. Looney for appellants. Arthur P. Bagby for the Chalk Hill Theatre Co., Ltd.; James H. Hart for the City of Austin; and James P. Hart for Staehely, appellees. Reported below: 205 S. W. 2d 126.

No. 745. JEFFERSON COUNTY BOARD OF EDUCATION ET AL. V. EVERETT, SUPERINTENDENT. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question. Henry M. Johnson for appellants. Reported below: 306 Ky. 439, 207 S. W. 2d.567.

CertiorariGranted. (See Nos. 153, 429 and 430, supra.)

Miscellaneous Order.
No. 258. SC.IWABACHER ET -AL. V. UNITED STATES ET AL., Order-entered amending opinion. . Opinion reported as amended, 334 U. S.182,

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

May 10, 1948.

CertiorariDenied.
No. 591. RODD V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. MorrisL. Ernst,HarrietF. Pilpeland A. L. Wirin for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Frederick Bernays Wiener, Robert S. Erdahl and Irving S. Shapiro for the United States. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 54.

No. 672. Louisiana. petitioner.

KRIEGER V. LOUISIANA. Supreme Court of Certiorari denied. Maurice R. Woulfe for Reported below: 212 La. 527, 33 So. 2d 58.

No. 687. NEBRASKA V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. C. A. 8th. Certiorari denied. Walter R. Johnson, Attorney
General of Nebraska, C. S. Beck, Deputy Attorney General, and Robert A. Nelson, Assistant Attorney General, for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman and Assistant Attorney General Vanech for the United States; and Milton C. Murphy and.Paul L. Martin for McNish et al., respondents. Reported below: 164 F. 2d 866.

No. 708. SOBEL CORRUGATED & WOODEN Box Co. v.
FLEMING, TEMPORARY CONTROLS ADMINISTRATOR. C. C.
A. 6th. Certiorari denied. A. L. Kearns for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Josephine H. Klein for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 568.

No. 715. TINSLEY v. TEXAS. Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. Certiorari denied. Kenneth Lawing for petitioner. Reported below: - Tex. Cr. R. -, 207
S. W. 2d 94.

No. 728. NORTH PIER TERMINAL CO. V. INTERSTATE
COMMERCE COMMISSION. C. C. A. 7th. Certiorari denied. John S. Burchmore, Nuel D. Belnap and Robert N.

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

May 10, 17, 1948.

334 U. S.

Burchmore for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Sonnett, Edward Dumbauld, Daniel W. Knowlton and Gordon Locke for respondent. Reported below: 164 F. 2d 640.

No. 739. AUGELLI, TRUSTEE IN BANKRUPTCY, ET AL. V. OHIO FINANCE CORP.; and
No. 740. AUGELLI, TRUSTEE IN BANKRUPTCY, ET AL. V. OHIO FINANCE CORP. C. C. A. 3d. Certiorari denied. Samuel Milberg and Benjamin Gross for petitioners. Na-' than Bilder for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 788.

No. 759. FRANKLIN LIFE INSURANCE CO. V. STUART ET AL. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. C. K. Bullard for petitioner. Dan Moody for respondents. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 965.

No. 681. VIOLA V. OHIO. Supreme Court of Ohio. Certiorari denied. Charles J. Margiotti for petitioner. Paul J. Reagen and William M. McLain for respondent. Reported below: 148 Ohio St. 712, 76 N. E. 2d 715.

Rehearing Denied.
No. 518. DINEEN, SUPERINTENDENT OF INSURANCE OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, V. UNITED STATES, 333 U. S. 842. Rehearing denied.

MAY 17, 1948.
Per CurianDecisions.
No. 428. PARKER V. ILLINOIS. Certiorari, 332 U. S. 846, to the Supreme Court of Illinois. Argued February 13. 1948. Decided May 17, 1948. Per Curiam: MR. JUSTICE JACKSON is of the opinion that the writ of certiorari should be dismissed and did not participate in the

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

May 17, 1948.

*question as to the disposition of the case on its merits. With respect to the merits the judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court. Petitioner argued the cause and filed a brief pro se. William C. Wines, Assistant Attorney General of Illinois, argued the cause .for respondent. With him on the brief was-George F. Barrett,Attorney General. Reported below: 397 Ill. 305, 74 N. E. 2d, 523.

No. 705. BURROWS ET VIR v. HAGERMAN, TAX COLLECTOR OF SARASOTA COUNTY, ET AL. Appeal from the Supreme .Court of Florida. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss isgranted and the appeal is dismissed for want Of a substantial federal question. Stewart v. Pennsylvania, 312 U.'S. 649. Richard J. Mackey for appellants. Miller Walton and W. C. Lantaff for appellees. Reported below: 159 Fla. 826, 33 So. 2d 34.

Miscellaneous Orders.
No. 439, Misc. KISSINGER V. SWEIGERT, DISTRICT JUDGE. Motion of petitioner for leave to withdraw the motion for leave to file petition forwrit of quo warranto granted.

No. 340, Misc. MEZO v. NIERSTHEIMER, WARDEN; No. 417, Misc. ORR v. BENSON, WARDEN; No. 423, Misc. SPENCER v. RAGEN, WARDEN; No. 425, Misc. THOMAS v. HUNTER, WARDEN; No. 433, Misc. MILLER V. STEWART, WARDEN; No. 434, Misc. SCHUNKE v. HEINZE, WARDEN; No. 445, Misc. HENDERSON v. HOWARD, WARDEN; No. 465, Misc. LA COUNT v. HOWARD, WARDEN; No. 467, Misc. WALKER V. MARYLAND; and No. 472, Misc. GRECO V. STEWART, VARDEN. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

May 17, 1948.

334 U. S.

No. 440, Misc. CRESS V. SUPREME COURT OF KANSAS. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.

No. 461, Misc. TALL V. ILLINOIS. Application denied.

No. 479, Misc. 'IN RE O'NEILL. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.

No. 484, Misc. LAPKA.V. UNITED STATES. Application denied.

CertiorariGranted.
No. 732. KLAPPROTT V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 3d. Certiorari granted. P. Bateman Ennis, W. Clifton Stone and Morton Singer for petitioner. Solicitor.GeneralPerlman, Assistant Attorney GeneralQuinn,RobertS. Erdahl and Beatrice Rosenbergfor the United States. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 273.

CertiorariDenied.
No. 623. DELANO V. MICHIGAN. Supreme Court of Michigan. Certiorari denied. Frank L. Blackman for petitioner. Eugene F. Black, Attorney General of Michigan, Edmund E. Shepherd, Solicitor General, H. H. Warner and Daniel J. O'Hara, Assistant Attorneys General, for respondent. Reported below: 318 Mich. 557, 28 N. W. 2d 909.

No. 661. RANDOLPH ET AL. V. MISSOURI-KANSASTEXAS RAILROAD CO. ET AL.; and
No. 711. MISSOURI-KANSAS-TEXAS RAILROAD Co. ET AL. V. RANDOLPH ET AL. C. C. A. 8th. Certiorari denied. Clif Langsdale and Clyde Taylor for petitioners in No. 661. C. S. Burg, M. E. Clinton and Ellison A. Neel for
petitioners in No. 711 and respondents in No. 661. R.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

May 17, 1948.

Carter Tucker for Wood et al., respondents in Nos. 661 and 711. Reported below: 164 F. 2d 4.

No. 696. GUINNESS V. UNITED STATES. Court -of Claims. Certiorari denied. Ellsworth C. Alvord and Floyd F. Toomey for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Caudle and Sewall Key for the United States. Reported below: 109 Ct. Cl. 84, 73 F. Supp. 119.

No. 709. TUDRYCK ET UX. V. MARTIN, RECEIVER, ET
AL.; and
.No. 710. SMYL ET UX. V. MARTIN, RECEIVER, ET AL.
Supreme Court of Michigan. Certiorari denied. Harry J. Lippman for petitioners in No. 709. Robert C. Winter for petitioners in No. 710. Edward A. Bilitzke for respondents. Reported below: 320 Mich. 99, 30 N. W. 2d 518.

Nos. 716 and 717. HAZELTINE CORPORATION v. KIRKPATRICK, U. S. DISTRICT JUDGE. C. C. A. 3d. Certiorari denied. Arthur G. Connolly, Leonard A. Watson and Laurence B. Dodds for petitioner. Floyd H. Crews, Donald J. Overocker, Hugh M. Morris, S. Samuel Arsht and Charles M. Hogan for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 683.

No. 720. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE V. LEHMAN. C. C. A. 2d. Certiorari denied. Solicitor GeneralPerlmanfor petitioner. Ellsworth C. Alvord and Floyd F. Toomey for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 383.

No. 725. ANDERSON V.-
REVENUE; and
No. 726. ANDERSON V. REVENUE. C. C. A. 7th.

COMMISSIONER OF
COMMISSIONER OF
Certiorari denied.

INTERNAL
INTERNAL
Matthias

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

May 17, 1948.

334 U. S.

Concannon for petitioners. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Caudle, Sewall Key, Robert N. Anderson and Harry Baum for respondent. Reported
below: 164 F. 2d 870.

No. 742. CONSOLIDATED GOLDACRES CO. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. C. A. 10th. Certiorari denied. FrazerArnold for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Caudle, Sewall Key, Lee A. Jackson and S. Walter Shine for respondent.
Reported below: 165 F. 2d 542.

No. 743. COHEN, FRIEDLANDER & MARTIN Co. v. MASSACHUSETTS MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE CO. C. C. A. 6th. Certiorari denied. George R. Effler for petitioner. Ross W. Shumaker for respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 63.

No. 744. TROSCLAIR V. STANOLIND OIL & GAS Co. ET AL. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. 0. R. McGuire for petitioner. Richard B. Montgomery for respondents. Reported below: 1.66 F. 2d 229.
No. 690. MILLER V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. C. A. 2d. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Perlman for the United States; Hugh M. Alcorn for the Town of Suffield; and Charles Welles Gross for the Suffield Savings Bank, respondents.

No. 712. CURTISS CANDY Co. V. CLARK, DIRECTOR,
DIVISION OF LIQUIDATION, DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE.
United States Emergency Court of Appeals. Turney substituted for Clark as the party respondent. Certiorari denied. Irwin N. Walker and Peter B. A-twood for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney GeneralQuinn, Robert S. Erdahland Josephine H. Klein for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 791.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

May 17, 1948.

No. 727. GHADIALI ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 3d. Certiorari denied. Petitioners pro se. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Irving'S. Shapiro for the United States. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 957.

No. 248, Misc. STARKS V. RAGEN, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. George F. Barrett,Attorney General of Illinois, and William C. Wines, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent. Reported below: 395 Ill. 567, 71 N. E. 2d 23.

No. 333, Misc. HAWKS V. ILLINOIS. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 398 Ill. 281, 75 N. E. 2d 686.

No. 334, Misc. PEABODY V. NIERSTHEIMER, WARDEN. Circuit Court of Randolph County, Illinois. Certiorari, denied.

No. 370, Misc. NELSON V. ILLINOIS. Supreme Court of Illinois.- Certiorari denied. Reported below: 398 Ill. 623, 76 N. E. 2d 441.

No.-371, Misc. BERRY V. ILLINOIS. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 399 Ill. 17, 76 N. E. 2d 443.

No. 374, Misc. EXKANO V. SANFORD, WARDEN. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Frederick Bernays Wiener, Robert S. Erdahl and Josephine H. Klein for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 435.

No. 375, Misc. McDOWELL V. UNITED'STATES. C. C. A. 7th. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor GeneralPerlman,Assistant Attorney GeneralQuinn,Rob-

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

May 17, 1948.

334 U. S.

ert S. Erdahl and Joseph M. Howard for the United States.

No. 403, Misc. DANIELS V. ASHE, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Pennsylvania. Certiorari denied.

No. 414, Misc. HOLIDAY V. SWENSON, WARDEN. Criminal Court of Baltimore, Maryland. Certiorari denied.

No. 419, Misc. HASENFUSS v. NEW YORK. Court of Appeals of New York. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 297 N. Y. 779, 77 N. E. 2d 792.

No. 422, Misc. PUTNAM V. ILLINOIS. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 398 Ill. 421, 76 N. E. 2d 183.

No. 424, Misc. BAILEY V. STEWART, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Missouri. Certiorari denied.

No. 427, Misc. MINOR V. RAGEN, WARDEN. Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 428, Misc. BAUGH V. RAGEN, WARDEN. Circuit Court of Madison County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 435, Misc. HABIGHORST b. LOUISIANA. Supreme Court of Louisiana. Certiorari denied. Maurice R. Woulfe for petitioner. Reported below: 212 La. 723, 33 So. 2d 411.

No. 436, Misc. HENRY v. BALDI, SUPERINTENDENT. Supreme Court of Pennsylvania. Certiorari denied.

No. 442, Misc. HARPSTRITH V. NIERSTHEIMER, WARDEN. Suprme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.,

334 U.S.

May 17, 1948.

No. 443, Misc. SMITH V.HEINZE, WARDEN. Supreme Court of California. Certiorari denied.

No. 458, Misc. DE BERRY V. MARYLAND. Court of Appeals of Maryland. Certiorari denied.

No. 460, Misc. BOONE v. STEWART, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Missouri. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 355 Mo. 550,196 S. W. 2d 794.

No. 468, Misc. BARONIA V. RAGEN, WARDEN. Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 471, Misc. HATZIS V. NEW YORK. Appellate Division of ,the Supreme Court of New York. Certiorari denied. Reported below: See 297 N. Y. 163, 77 N. E. 2d 385.

No. 474, Misc. MCNAUGHTON V. ILLINOIS. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 481, Misc. NELSON V. RAGEN, WARDEN. Circuit Court of Knox County, Illinois. Certioiari denied.

No. 482, Misc. REYNOLDS v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Criminal Court of Cook COunty, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 483, Misc. SCHECTMAN V. NEW YORK. Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Department. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 266 App. Div. 1019,44 N. Y. S. 2d 841.
No. 486, Misc. WILLIAMS V. NEW YORK. Court of Appeals of New York. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 297 N. Y. 882, 79 N. E. 2d 278.

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

May'17, 18, 1948.

334 U. S.

No. 488, Misc. JOHNSON V. INDIANA. Criminal Court of Lake County, Indiana. Certiorari denied.

No. 494, Misc. SIMMONS v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Supreine Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 496, Misc. KALLAS v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.
No. 367, Misc. DAVIS v. RAGEN, WARDEN. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Rock Island County, Illinois, and the motions for other relief are denied.

Rehearing Devied.
No. 326, Misc. O'LOUGHLIN V. PARKER, DEPUTY COMMISSIONER, U. S. EMPLOYEES' COMPENSATION COMMISSION, 333 U. S.869. Rehearing denied.

MAY 18, 1948.
Miscellaneous Order.
No. 512, Misc. EVERETT V. TRUMAN, COMMANDER IN
CHIEF OF THE ARMED FORCES OF THE UNITED STATES, ET
AL. The Court met in Special Term pursuant to a call by THE CHIEF JUSTICE having the approval of all the Associate Justices. The motion for leave to file a petition for an original writ of habeas corpus for relief from sentences upon the verdicts of a General Military Government Court at Dachau, Germany, is denied. THE
CHIEF JUSTICE, MR. JUSTICE REED, MR. JUSTICE FRANK-
FURTER, and MR. JUSTICE BURTON are of the opinion that there is want of jurisdiction. U. S. Constitution, Article III, § 2, Clause 2; see Ex parte Betz and companion cases, all 329 U. S. 672 (1946); Milch v. United States, 332 U. S.789 (1947); Brandt v. United States, 333 U. S.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

May 18, 24, 1948.

836 (1948); In re Eichel, 333 U. S. 865 (1948). MR.
JUSTICE BLACK, MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS, MR. JUSTICE
MURPHY, and MR. JUSTICE RUTLEDGE are of the opinion that the motion for leave to file the petition should be granted and that the case should be set for argument forthwith. MR. JUSTICE JACKSON took no part in the consideration or decision of the motion. Willis M. Everett, Jr. pro se.
MAY 24, 1948.

Per CuriamDecision.
No. 754. REDDING v. Los ANGELES ET AL. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal, 2d Appellate District, of California. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Morris Lavine for appellant. Ray L. Chesebro and Bourke Jones for appellees. Reported below: 81 Cal. App. 2d 888, 185 P. 2d 430.

Miscellaneous Orders.
No. 12, Original. UNITED STATES V. CALIFORNIA. Motion of the Campo Band of Indians and others for leave to intervene denied. MR. JUSTICE JACKSON took no part in the consideration or decision of this application. Attorney General Clark, Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Vanech, Arnold Raum, Stanley M. Silverberg, J. Edward Williams, Robert E.'Mulroney and Robert M. Vaughan for the United States. FredN. Howser, Attorney General, and Everett W. Mattoon, Assistant Attorney General, for the State of California. Norman M. Littell and Katherine M. Littell for the Campo Band of.Indians et al.

No. 408. TRUST OF ANDRUS ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE, 332 U. S. 842. Motion to extend the time within which to file petition for rehearing denied.
792588 0-48-57

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

May 24, 1948.

334 U. S.

No. 497, Misc. WHITE V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.

No. 502, Misc. LOWE V. UNITED'STATES. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.

No. 386, Misc. IN RE KRAUTWURST; No. 390, Misc. RIEKE V. UNITED STATES; No. 411, Misc. IN RE KiwiTT; No. 430, Misc. IN RE HOVEN; No. 437, Misc. IN RE HELLENBROICH; .No. 438, Misc. IN RE PIORKOWSKI; No. 446, Misc. IN RE Goss; No. 455, Misc. IN RE FIRMENICH; No. 456, Misc. IN RE SEILER; No. 457, Misc. IN RE HUNSICKER; No. 463, Misc. IN RE GIRKE; and No. 478, Misc. IN RE KUNZE. . Treating the application in each of these cases as a motion for leave to file a petition for an.original writ of habeas corpus, leave to file is denied. THE CHIEF JUSTICE, MR.JUSTICE REED, MR. JUSTICE FRANKFURTER, and MR. JUSTICE BURTON are of the opiniofn that there is want of jurisdiction. U. S. Constitution, Article III, § 2, Clause 2; see Ex parte Betz and companion cases, all 329 U. S. 672 (1946); Milch v. United States, 332 U. S. 789 (194-7); Brandt v. United States, 333 U. S. 836 (1948); In re Eichel, 333 U. S. 865 (1948). MR. JUSTICE BLACK, MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS, MR. JUSTICE 'MURPHY, and MR. JUSTICE RUTLEDGE are Of the opinion that motions for leave to file should be granted and that the cases should be set for argument forthwith. MR. JUSTICE JACKSON took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

May 24, 1948.

No. 493, Misc. KRUSE v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus also denied.

CertiorariGranted.
No. 756. FISHER V. PACE, SHERIFF. Supreme Court of Texas. Certiorari granted. Dan Moody, Chas. L. Black, Everett L. Looney and Edward Clark for petitioner. Quentin Keith for respondent. Reported below: 146 Tex. 328, 206 S. W. 2d 1000.

CertiorariDenied. (See alsoNo. 493, supra.)
No. 644. WETZEL V. SCHAEFER. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 164 F. 2d 483.
No. 697. ALKER ET AL. v. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION. C. C. A. 3d. Certiorari denied. Edwin Hall,2d and HarryJ. A lker, Jr.for petitioners. Norris C. Bakke and John L. Cecil for respondent. Reported below: 163 F. 2d 123, 164 F. 2d 469.

No. 706. CONE V. WEST VIRGINIA PULP & PAPER Co. C. C. A. 4th. Certiorari denied. H. Wayne Unger and W. J. McLeod, Jr. for petitioner. ChristieBenet, J. B. S. Lyles and CharlesW. Waring for respondent.

No. 713. UNITED STATES V. SUNSWICK CORPORATION.
Court of Claims. Certiorari denied. Solicitor General Perlman for the United States. EdgarA. B. Spencer for respondent. Reported below: 109 Ct. Cl. 772, 75 F.
Supp. 221.

No. 718. GARLINGTON ET AL. V. WASSON ET AL. C. C. A, 5th. Certiorari denied. Elmer McClain and William Lemke for petitioners. Clyde E. Thomas for respondents. Reported below: 164 F. 2d 243.

828

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

May 24, 1948.

334 U. S.

No. 724. GOODWIN ET AL., DOING BUSINESS AS BEN E. GOODWIN GO., V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 8th. Certiorari denied. W. L. Cunningham for petitioners. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Josephine H. Klein for the
United States. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 334.

No. 738. ARKANSAS OAK FLOORING CO. ET AL. V. LOUISIANA & ARKANSAS RAILWAY CO. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Nicholds J. Gantt, Jr.for petitioners. T. W. Holloman, A. L. Burford, Joseph R. Brown and William E. Davis for respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 98.

No. 751. HURLEY .ET AL. v. LOWE, DEPUTY COMMIS-
SIONER, BUREAU OF EMPLOYEES' COMPENSATION, FEDERAL
SECURITY AGENCY, ET AL. United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Certiorari denied. At. Philip Kane for petitioners. Solicitor General Perlman, Af8sistant Attorney General Morison, Paul A. Sweeney and Morton Liitin for Lowe, Deputy Commissioner; and Daniel W. O'Donoghue, Jr. for the Globe Indemnity Co., respondents. Reported below: 83 U. S. App. D. C. -, 168 F. 2d 553.

No. 758. QUIGLEY ET AL. V. PUBLIC SERVICE COMMIS-
SION ET AL. Court of Appeals of Maryland. Certiorari denied. Louis B. Arnold, William A. Roberts and Francis J. Ortman for petitioners. S. Ralph Warnken and Homer S. Carpenter for the Public Service Commission et al.; and Edmund L. Jones, F. G. Awalt, Raymond Sparks and Daryal A. Myse for the Capital Transit Co., respondents. Reported below: - Md. -, 56 A. 2d 835.

No. 767. BAUMER FOODS, INC. v. GRIFFITH. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. Harry Ellsworth Foster for petitioner. Thos. L. O'Leary for respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 433.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

May 24, 1948.

No. 778. NEW AMSTERDAM CASUALTY CO. ET AL. V. CRAIGHEAD RICE MILLING CO. C. C. A. 8th. Motion of respondent to supplement the record denied. Certiorari also denied. Lowell W. Taylor and Arthur L. Adams for petitioners. Charles Friersonfor respondent. Reported below: 167 F. 2d 96.

No. 227, Misc. SCHUMiAN V. HEINZE, WARDEN. Supreme Court of California. Certiorari denied.

No. 306, Misc. McGouGH V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 6th. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Joseph M. Howard for the United States. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 142.

No. 338, Misc. ROCKOWER V. NEW YORK. Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York. . Certiorari denied. Reported below: 78 N. Y. S. 2d 767.

No. 385, Misc. RHEIM V. NEW YORK. Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Department. Certiorari denied.

No. 387, Misc. SANDERS V. JOHNSTON, WARDEN. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Perlman,Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Joseph M. Howard for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 736.

No. 401, Misc. DE STUBNER V. UNITED CARBON CO. ET AL. C. C. A. 4th. Certiorari denied. Staige Davis for petitioner. Donald 0. Blagg and A. G. Stone for respondents. Reported below: 163 F. 2d 735.

No. 410, Misc' SCOTT V. JOHNSTON, WARDEN. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor

830

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

May 24, June 1, 1948.

334 U. S.

General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Joseph M. Howard for respondent. Reported below: 165 F..2d 216.

No. 489, Misc. ALLEN v. BURFORD, WARDEN. Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 192 P. 2d 289.

No. 501, Misc. SMITH v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 505, Misc. HEARD v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 506. Misc. HOWARD V. CIRCUIT COURT OF WILL COUNTY, ILLINOIS. Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

Rehearing Denied.
No. 609. FULL SALVATION UNION ET AL. V. PORTAGE TOWNSHIP, 333 U. S. 851. Rehearing denied.

No. 617. BLAIR V. UNITED STATES ET .AL., 333 U. S. 880. Rehearing denied.

No. 680. MCRAE' V. WOODS, HOUSING EXPEDITER, 333 U. S. 882. Rehearing denied.
No. 304, Misc.. SPRUILL V. CAMPBELL, EXECUTOR, 333

U. S. 864. Rehearing denied.

JUNE 1, 1948.
Miscellaneous Orders. No. 10. SCHINE CHAIN THEATRES, INC. ET AL. V.
UNITED STATES, ante, p. 110. Petition for clarification de-

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

June 1, 1948.

nied. MR. JUSTICE MURPHY and MR. JUSTICE JACKSON took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.

No. 303, Misc. UNITED STATES V. UNITED STATES Dis-
TRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
ET AL. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied. MR. JUSTICE MURPHY and MR. JUSTICE JACKSON took no part in the consideration or decision of this application. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Sonnett, Leonard J. Emmerglick, Robert L. Stern, Kenneth L. Kimble and Horace H. Robbins for the United States.

No. 490, Misc. IN RE BODENMILLER. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.

No. 528, Misc. IN RE PIERCE. Petition denied.

CertiorariGranted.
No. 757. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD V. STOWE SPINNING Co. ET AL. C. C. A. 4th. Certiorari granted. Solicitor General Perlman for petitioner. Paul C. Whitlock for respondents. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 609.

CertiorariDenied.
No. 676. STOWE SPINNING CO. v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD. C. C. A. 4th. Certiorari denied. Paul C. Whitlock for petitioner. Solicitor GeneraiPerlman for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 609.

No. 730. FOREIGN TRADE MANAGEMENT CO., INC. V.
UNITED STATES. Court of Claims. Certiorari denied. Dean Hill Stanley for petitioner. Solicitor GeneralPerlman, Assistant Attorney General Morison, Paul A.

OCTOBER TERM; 1947.

June 1, 1948.

334 U. S.

Sweeney and Harry I. Rand for the United States. Reported below: 110 Ct. Cl. 23, 74 F. Supp. 550.

No. 731. FOREIGN TRADE MANAGEMENT CO., INC. V. UNITED STATES. Court of Claims. Certiorari denied. Dean Hill Stanley for petitioner, SolicitorGeneralPerlman, Assistant Attorney General Morison, Paul A. Sweeney and Harry I. Rand for the United States. Reported below: 109 Ct. Cl. 587, 74 F. Supp. 552.

No. 746. Ross V. UNITED STATES. Court of Claims. Certiorari denied. Llewellyn A. Luce for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Caudle, Arnold Raum, Sewall Key and Robert N. Anderson for the United States. 110 Ct. Cl. 190, 75 F. Supp. 725.
No. 752. GILL ET AL. V. MESTA MACHINE CO. C. C. A. 3d. Certiorari denied. Petitioners pro se. John C. Bane, Jr. for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 785.
No. 755,, CLEMENTS V. CLEVELAND & CHICAGO MOTOR EXPRESS Co. C. C. A. 7th. Certiorari denied. Royal W. Irwin for petitioner. John R. Montgomery for respondent:

No. 763. JOWERS ET AL. v. DOWELL, INC. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Leonard Lloyd Lockard for petitioners. Val Irion for respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 214.
No. 764. DOWNS V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. Robert A. Waring for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Caudle, Sewall Key, Lee A. Jackson and Helen Goodner for respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 504.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

June 1, 1948.

No. 765. HOOFNEL V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. Robert A. Waring for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Caudle, Sewall Key, Lee A. Jackson and Helen Goodner for respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 504.

No. 768. SCHNELL ET AL., DOING BUSINESS AS H. SCH NELL & CO., V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 2d. Certiorari denied. Joseph Joffe for petitioners. Solicitor General Perlman,Assistant Attorney General Morison, Samuel D. Slade, Leavenworth Colby and Morton Hollander for the United States. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 479.

No. 770. PORTER ROYALTY POOL, INC. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. C. A. 6th. Certiorari denied. John C. Evans for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman,Assistant Attorney General Caudle, Sewall Key and Hilbert P. Zarky for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 933.

No. 771. GLENS FALLS INDEMNITY Co. v. BASICH BROTHERS CONSTRUCTION CO. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. John E. McCall and Albert Lee Stephens, Jr. for petitioner. Karl B. Rodi for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 649.

No. 790. LITTLETON v.RUST ET Al.. C. C. A. 4th. Certiorari denied. Robert H. McNeill and T. Bruce Fuller for petitioner. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 1007.

No. 810. TINKOFF V. ILLINOIS EX REL. CHICAGO BAR ASSOCIATION ET. AL. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied. The motion for a stay also denied. MR. JUSTICE JACKSON took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications. Ode L. Rankin for petitioner. Reported below: 399 Ill. 282, 77 N. E. 2d 693.,

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

,hne 1,1948.

334 U. S.

No. 373, Misc. FREDERICKSEN V. DICKSON, ACTING WARDEN. Supreme Court of Nebraska. Jones, Warden, substituted as the party respondent. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 148 Neb. 739, 29 N. W. 2d 334.

No. 409. Misc. MORRISON V. NEW YORK. Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Department. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 77 N.Y. S. 2d 145.

No. 412. Misc. VIRGIN V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 4th. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Morison, Paul A. Sweeney and Oscar H. Davis for the United States.
Reported below: 165 F. 2d 81.

No. 416,'Misc. MONTGOMERY ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 8th. Certiorari denied. Donald H. Latshaw for petitioners. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahland Joseph M. Howard for the United States. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 196.

No. 426, Misc. MILLER V. BROWNING STEAMSHIP Co. C. C. A. 2d. Certiorari denied. Thomas C. Burke for petitioner. Sparkman D. Foster and Laurence E. Coffey for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 209.

No. 477, Misc. WATKINS V. INDIANA. Criminal Court of Lake County, Indiana. Certiorari denied.

No. 543, Misc. IN RE ADAMSON. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. The application for a stay of execution is also denied. Morris Lavine for petitioner. Reported below: 167 F. 2d,996.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U.S.

June 1, 7, 1948.

Rehearing Denied.
No. 75. MANDEVILLE ISLAND FARMS, INC. ET AL. V. AMERICAN CRYSTAL SUGAR Co., ante, p. 219. Rehearing denied.

No. 638. MELLON V. UNITED STATES, 333 U. S.873. Rehearing denied.

No. 663. UNITED STATES V. COLD METAL PROCESS CO. ET AL., ante,p. 811. Rehearing denied.

No. 671. CARGILL, INC. V. BOARD OF TRADE OF THE CITY OF CHICAGO ET AL., 333 U. S. 880. Rehearing denied.

No. 685. BELZ V. BOARD OF TRADE OF THE CITY OF CHICAGO ET AL., 333 U. S.881. Rehearing denied.

No. 741. FINLEY ET AL. V. CITY OF TARRANT ET AL., ante, p. 810. ReheAring denied. MR. JUSTICE BLACK toQk no part in the consideration or decision of this application.

No. 162, Misc. PATTON v. BALDWIN LOCOMOTIVE WORKS, 332 U. S.825. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.

JUNE 7, 1948.
Miscellaneous Orders.
No. 776. JUNGERSEN v. BADEN ET AL.; No. 467. JUNGERSEN V. OSTBY & BARTON CO. ET AL.; and No. 468. OSTBY & BARTON CO. ET AL. V. JUNGERSEN. In No. 776 the petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is granted. In Nos. 467 and 468 the motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing are granted and the petitions for rehearing

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

June 7, 1948.

334 U. S.

are granted. The orders entered January 12, 1948, denying certiorari, 332 U. S. 851, 852, are vacated and the petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit are granted. William H. Davis for petitioner in Nos. 467 and 776. John Vaughan Groner for petitioners in No. 468 and respondents in No. 467. Reported below: Nos. 467 and 468, 163 F. 2d 312; No. 776, 166 F. 2d 807.

No. 519, Misc. No. 525, Misc.
denied.

HARRIS V. CITY OF NEW YORK; and IN RE BANTZ. The applications are

No. 526, Misc. IN RE EHLEN ET AL.,; and No. 527, Misc. IN RE GIRKE ET AL. Treating the application in each of these cases as a motion for leave to file a petition for an original writ of habeas corpus, leave to file is denied. THE CHIEF JUSTICE, MR. JUSTICE REED, MR. JUSTICE FRANKFURTER, and MR. JUSTICE BURTON are of the opinion that there is want of jurisdiction. U. S. Constitution, Article III, § 2, Clause 2; see Ex parte Betz and companion cases, all 329 U. S. 672 (1946); Milch v. United States, 332 U. S. 789 (1947); Brandt v. United States, 333 U. S. 836 (1948); In re Eichel, 333 U. S. 865 (1948). MR. JUSTICE BLACK, MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS, MR. JUSTICE MURPHY, and MR. JUSTICE RUTLEDGE are of the opinion that motions for leave to file should be granted and that the cases should be set for argument forthwith. MR. JUSTICE JACKSON took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.

Certiorari Granted. (See also Nos. 467, 468 and 776, supra.)

No. 201, Misc. UVEGES V. PENNSYLVANrA. Court of Pennsylvania. Certiorari granted.

Supreme

DECISIONS PER' CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

June 7. 1948.

No. 503, Misc. HARRIS V. SOUTH CAROLINA. Supreme Court of South Carolina. Certiorari granted. It is further ordered that execution of the sentence of death imposed on this petitioner be stayed pending the final disposition of the case by this Court. Reported below: 212 S. C. 124, 46 S.E. 2d 682.

CertiorariDenied.
No. 729. INTERSTATE CIRCUIT, INC. ET AL. V. TIVOLI REALTY, INC. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. George S. Wright, Joe A. Worsham and Jos. Irion Worsham for petitioners. Abe Fortas for respondent. Reported below: 167 F. 2d 155.

Nos. 734 and 735. C. D. JOHNSON LUMBER CORP. V.
OREGON MESABI CORP.; and
Nos. 736 and 737. OREGON MESABI CORP. V. C.- D. JOHNSON LUMBER CORP. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. Robert S. Miller for petitioner in Nos. 734 and 735 and respondent in Nos. 736 and 737. John A. Laing and Henry S. Gray for petitioner in Nos. 736 and 737 and respondent in Nos. 734 and 735. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 997,1002,1003.

No. 760. LOCKE V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Earle B. Mayfield and James S. Grisham for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Caudle, Sewall Key and Ellis N. Slack for the United States. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 449.

No. 762. MARINITSIS V. WEST VIRGINIA. Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia. Certiorari denied. James J. Laughlin for petitioner. Reported below: 130 W. Va. 613,45 S. E. 2d 733.

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

June 7, 1948.

334 U. S.

No. 774. TIME, INC. v. HARTMANN. C. C. A. 3d. Certiorari denied. Wm. DWight Whitney and FrancisH. Scheetz for petitioner. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 127.

No. 783. FLOYD v. RING CONSTRUCTION CORP. C. C. A. 8th. Certiorari denied. Benedict Deinard for petitioner. JosiahE. Brill for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 125.

No. 781. NEUMATICOS GOODYEAR, S. A., V. UNITED STATES. Court of Claims. Certiorari denied. Daniel James and Gustav B. Margraf for petitioner. Solicitor GeneralPerlmanfor the United States. Reported below: 109 Ct. Cl. 535, 73 F. Supp. 969.

No. 769. PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK V. SECURITIES & EXCHANGE COMMISSION. C. C. A. 2d. Certiorari denied. MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS took no part in the consideration or decision of this application. Frank C. BoWers for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Roger S. Foster, Sidney H. Willner and Solomon Freedmanfor respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 784.

No. 383, Misc. DWYER V. ILLINOIS. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 397 Ill. 599, 74 N. E. 2d 882.

No. 420, Misc. PEEL v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 441, Misc. BERRY v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 459, Misc. WILSON V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A.
6th. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn and

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

June 7, 1948.

RobertS. Erdahlfor the United States. Reported below: 167 F. 2d 223.

Rehearing Granted. (See Nos. 467 and 468, supra.)

Rehearing Denied.

No., 23. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION V. CEMENT IN-

STITUTE ET AL.;
No. 24. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION v. AETNA PORT-

LAND CEMENT CO. ET AL..;
No. 26. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION V. CALAVERAS

CEMENT CO. ET AL.;

No. 27. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION v. HURON PORT-

LAND CEMENT CO.;"

No. 34.
No. 25.

FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION V.'SMITH ET AL.; FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION V. MARQUETTE

CEMENT MANUFACTURING CO.;
No. 28. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION V. SUPERIOR

PORTLAND CEMENT, INC.;
No. 29. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION V. NORTHWEST-

ERN PORTLAN, CEMENT CO. ; No. 30. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION v. RIVERSIDE

CEMENT CO.;
No. 31. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION V. UNIVERSAL

ATLAS CEMENT Co.; and No. 32. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION V. CALIFORNIA
PORTLAND CEMENT Co., 333 U. S. 683. Rehearing denied.

MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS and MR. JUSTICE JACKSON took no
part in the Consideration or decision of these applications.

No. 219. MONTAGUE V. SMITH ET AL., 332 IT. S. 767. Rehearing denied.

No. 693. LONDON EXTENSION 1\IINING MISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE, 333 1. hearing denied.

CO. V'. CoMS. 881. Re-

OCTOBER TERM. 1947.

June 7, 1948.

334 U. S.

No. 428. PARKER V. ILLINOIS, ante, p. 816. Rehearing
denied.
Statement by MR. JUSTICE JACKSON: "A litigant, apparently in good faith, raises objection to my participation in decision of his case, basing his objection upon statements which, if true, might reasonably lead him to believe himself justified in making the challenge. It seems appropriate to set the record straight.
"In applying for a rehearing petitioner says: 'Prior to his elevation to the Supreme Court of the United States, Justice Jackson was the general counsel for Mr. Terry Druggan. Mr. Weymouth Kirkland was the associate counsel with Justice Jackson in the large money affairs of Mr. Druggan.' He adds that he is informed that for these reasons I 'had succeeded in dividing the U. S. Supreme Court against this defenseless petitioner.'
"The facts are that I never have been general counsel or counsel of any character for any person named Terry Druggan, never to my knowledge saw or met such a person, do not know who he might be, where he resides or what his affairs consist of. Neither in this nor in any other matter was I ever associated professionally with Mr. Weymouth Kirkland, nor has he at any time communicated directly or indirectly With me concerning this case or any other matter pending in this or any other Court."
MR. JUSTICE BLACK, MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS, MR. JUSTICE MURPHY, and MR. JUSTICE RUTLEDGE having voted to reverse the judgment of conviction, vote to grant the
petition for rehearing.

No. 563. SIKORA REALTY CORP. V. WOODS, HOUSING EXPEDITER, 333 U. S. 855. Rehearing denied.

No. 226, Misc. TAURISANO V. NEW YORK, 332 U: S. 849. Rehearing denied.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

June 7, 14, 1948.

No. 326, Misc. O'LoUGHLIN V. PARKER, DEPUTY COMMISSIONER, U. S. EMPLOYEES' COMPENSATION COMMISSION. Motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing denied.
JUNE 14, 1948.

PerCuriam Decision.
No. 320. LINCOLN ELECTRIC CO. v. FORRESTAL, SECRETARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE, ET AL. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia. Per Curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Lichter v. United States, Pownall v. United States, and Alexander Wool Combing Co. v. United States, ante, p. 742, decided this day. MR. JUSTICE BURTON took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Ashley M. Van Duzer, Thomas V. Koykka and Charles Effinger Smoot for appellant. Solicitor General Perlman for appellees. Reported below: 77 F. Supp. 444.

Miscellaneous Orders.
No. 490. YARBROUGH, EXECUTOR, ET AL. V. OKLAHOMA TAX COMMISSION. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. Judgment affirmed per stipulation of counsel to abide decision in West v. Oklahoma Tax Comm'n, ante, p. 717. Frank T. McCoy, John R. Pearson and Frank Mahan for appellants. C. W. King for appellee. Reported below: 200 Okla. -, 193 P. 2d 1017.

No. 491, Misc. SMITH v. HUDSPETH, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Kansas. Certiorari denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus also denied. Reported below: 162 Kan. 361,176 P. 2d 262.

No. 529, Misc. TRIMARCO V. RAGEN, WARDEN. Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.
792588 0-48-58

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

June 14, 1948.

334 U. S.

Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus also denied.

No. 243, Misc. DIDATO V.SHAW, DIRECTOR;

No. 507, Misc. TATE v. HEINZE, WARDEN;

No. 509, Misc. BAKER V. UTECHT, WARDEN; No. 541, Misc. RUTHVEN V. OVERHOLSER, SUPERIN-

TENDENT;
No. 544, Misc. No. 548, Misc. No. 566, Misc.

GALLAWAY V. MICHIGAN;
STOKER v. RAGEN, WARDEN; and PETRO v. HEINZE, WARDEN. The mo-

tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus

are severally denied.

No. 364, Misc. MCCULLUM V. ILLINOIS. Application denied.

No. 480, Misc. MCCANN V. CLARK, ATTORNEY GEN-
ERAL. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied. Petitioner pro 8e. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahland Irving S. Shapiro for respondent.

No. 508, Misc. IN RE HUDSON. Petition denied.

No. 517, Misc. IN RE HULT. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.

No. 538, Misc. FIFE v. RAGEN, denied.

WARDEN.

Petition

No. 545, Misc. WALKER V. MARYLAND. Petition denied.

CertiorariGranted.
No. 524, Misc. UPSHAW V. UNITED STATES. United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

June 14, 1948.

Certiorari granted. Joel D. Blackwell for petitioner. ,,qlicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn and W. Marvin Smith for the United States. Reported below: 168 F. 2d 167.

CertiorariDenied. (See also Nos. 491, Misc., and 529, Misc., supra.)
No. 77. ESTATE OF NATHAN V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. C. A. 7th. Certiorari denied. Myron E. Wisch and Louis R. Kupfer for petitioner. George T. Washington, then Acting Solicitor General, Sewall Key, Helen R. Carlossand L. W. Post for respondent. Reported below: 159 F. 2d 546.

Nb.592. KENTUCKY V. ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD Co. Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Certiorari denied. Eldon S. Dummit, Attorney General of Kentucky, forpetitioner. Charles A. Helsell and V. W. Foster for respondent. Reported below: 305 Ky. 632, 204 S.W. 2d 973.

No. 747. MCRAE v. CALIFORNIA. Supreme Court of California. Certiorari denied. Donald Eugene Wachhorst for petitioner. Reported below: 31 Cal. 2d 184,
187 P. 2d 741.

No. 766. BARSKY ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Certiorari denied. 0. John Rogge and Lester Levin for petitioners. Solicitor General Perlman,Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Irving S. Shapiro for the United States. Briefs of amici curiae supporting the petition were filed by Harry Sacher for the Civil Rights Congress; Robert W. Kenny, Bartley C. Crum, CharlesHouston,C,harlesKatz, Ben Margolis and Martin Popper for Lawson et al.; David Rein for the

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

June 14, 1948.

334 U. S.

National Lawyers Guild; Osmond K. Fraenkel, Arthur
Garfield Hays, Benjamin H..Kizer and Perry J. Stearns for the American Civil Liberties Union; Joseph Forer for the Southern Conference for Human Welfare; and Arthur G. Silverman for the International Longshoremen's & Warehousemen's Union et al. Reported below: 167 F. 2d 241.

No. 772. STEIN ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C.C.A. 9th. Certiorari denied. Morris Lavine for petitioners. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Joseph M. Howard for the United States. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 851.
No. 773. SINNOTT ET AL. V. SOUTH DAKOTA. Supreme Court of South Dakota. Certiorari denied. Herbert S. Thatcher for petitioners. Ray F. Drewry, Assistant Attorney General of South Dakota, for respondent. Reported below: 72 S. Dak. -, 30 N. W. 2d 455.

No. 777. LAND 0' LAKES DAIRY CO. V. VILLAGE OF
SEBEKA ET AL. Supreme Court of Minnesota. Certiorari denied. M. J. Doherty for petitioner. J. A. A. Burnquist, Attorney General of Minnesota, and Geo. B. Sjoselius, Deputy Attorney General, for respondents. Reported below: 225 Minn. 540, 31 N. W. 2d 660.

No. 779. SHAPERO V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL
REVENUE. C. C. A. 6th. Certiorari denied. Thomas G. Long for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Caudle, Lee A. Jackson and L. W. Post for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 811.

No. 784. WHITIN MACHINE WORKS V. REYNOLDS ET
AL. C. C. A. 4th. Certiorari denied. Newton A. Burgess for petitioner. John M. Robinson and Drury W. Cooper for respondents. Reported below: 167 F. 2d 78.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

June 14, 1948.

No. 785. NATIONAL GARMENT CO. V. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD. C. C. A. 8th. Certiorari denied. Charles H. Houston and Victor Packman for petitioner. SolicitorGeneralPerlman,David P. Findlingand Mozart G. Ratner for respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 233.

No. 787. TRUST 'COMPANY OF CHICAGO, ADMINISTRATOR, v. ERIE RAILROAD CO. C. C. A. 7th. Certiorari denied. PhilipR. Davis for petitioner. Clyde E. Shorey and FredericBarth for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 806.
No. 788. CHICK ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. C. A. 1st. Certiorari denied. Robert A. B. Cook for petitioners. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Caudle, Lee A. Jackson and Helen Goodner for respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 337.

No..791. LILY Ho QUON ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. George T. Altman for petitioners. SolicitorGeneralPerlman, Assistant Attorney General Caudle, A. F. Prescott and Fred E. Youngman for'respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 215.

No. 794. VAIL MANUFACTURING CO. v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD. C. C. A. 7th. Certiorari denied. Kenneth G. Spaulding for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, David P. Findling and Ruth Weyand for respondent. Reported below: 158 F. 2d 664.
No. 795. MILWAUKEE MECHANICS' INSURANCE CO. V.
MACDONALD ET AL., DOING BUSINESS AS ELCAR COACH.
C. C. A. 7th. Certiorari denied. Donald N. Clausen and Herbert W4'. Hirsh for petitioner. Reported below: 167 F. 2d 276.

846

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

June 14, 1948.

334 U. S.

No. 798. ANDERSON V. PROVIDENT LIFE & ACCIDENT INSURANCE Co.; and
Nos. 799 and 800. COCA-COLA BOTTLING Co. v. PROVIDENT LIFE & ACCIDENT INSURANCE CO. C. C. A. 4th. Certiorari denied. C. Granville Wyche and Alfred F. Burgess for petitioners. J. A. Chambliss and C. F. Hayns-
worth, Jr. for respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 492.

No. 801. HOUGLAND V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C, C. A. 6th. Certiorari denied. Chas. I. Dawson, A. Shelby Winstead and Bernard H. Barnett for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Caudle, A. F. Prescott and S. Dee Hanson for respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 815.

No. 809. GENERAL TIME INSTRUMENTS CORP. V. UNITED STATES TIME CORP. C. C. A. 2d. Certiorari denied. W. Brown Morton for petitioner. John Vaughan Groner and Robert B. Whittredge for respondent. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 853.

No. 814. PITTSBURGH-DES MOINES STEEL CO. ET AL.-V. MORAN, ADMINISTRATRIX. C. C. A. 3d. Certiorari denied. Carl E. Glock for petitioners. Marvin C. Harrison for respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 908.

No. 815. GEM JEWELRY CO. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Harry Dow for petitioner. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 991.

No. 842. VANNECK ET AL., TRUSTEES, V. SECURITIES & EXCHANGE COMMISSION ET AL.; and
No. 843. CAPLAN ET AL. V. SECURITIES & EXCHANGE COMMISSION ET AL. C. C. A. 3d. Certiorari denied. Percival E. Jackson, Terence J. McManus and Walter E.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

June 14, 1948.

Ernst for petitioners. Solicitor General Perlman, Roger S. Foster, Irwin L. Tappen and John C. Benson for respondents. Reported below: 168 F. 2d 740.

No. 753. ROMNEY V. UNITED STATES. United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Certiorari denied. THE CHIEF JUSTICE took no part in the consideration or decision of this application. William H. Collins for petitioner. Solicitor GeneralPerlman,Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahland Beatrice Rosenberg for the United States. Reported below: 167 F. 2d 521.

No. 813. HUGGINS v. TOOMER ET UX. C. C. A. 4th. Motion to extend the time to serve printed papers denied. Certiorari also denied. Reported below: - F. 2d - --.

No. 66, Misc. RICHARDSON V. RAGEN, WARDEN. Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. George F. Barrett, Attorney General of Illinois, and William C. Wines, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

No. 141, Misc. PALULIS V. RAGEN, WARDEN. Circuit
Court of Will County, Illinois. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. George F. Barrett, Attorney General of Illinois, and William C. Wines, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

No. 254, Misc. HINES V. ILLINOIS. Supreme Court of
Plinois. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. George F. Barrett, Attorney General of Illinois, and William C. Wines, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

No. 310, Misc. GRIMM v. NIERSTH EIMER, WARDEN. Circuit Court of Jefferson County, Illinois. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. George F. Barrett, Attorney

848

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

June 14, 1948.

334 U. S.

General of Illinois, and William C. Wines, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

No. 379, Misc. BENNETT V. STEWART, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Missouri. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. J. E. Taylor, Attorney General of Missouri, and Tyre W. Burton, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

No. 418, Misc. MORTON V. WELCH, SUPERINTENDENT. C. C. A. 4th. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 162 F. 2d 840.

No. 429, Misc. RAWLS V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A.
10th. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Joseph M. Howard for the United States. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 532.

No. 431, Misc. KING V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 8th. Certiorari denied. Wm. J. Fanningfor petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman,Assistant Attorney GeneralQuinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Joseph M. Howard for the United
States. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 408.

No. 447, Misc. WILSON v. ILLINOIS. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied. Harry C. Barron for petitioner. Reported below: 399 Ill. 437, 78 N. E. 2d 514.

No. 448, Misc. WILLIS v. HUNTER, WARDEN. C. C. A. 10th. Certiorari denied Petitioner pro se. Solicitor
General Perlman,Assistant Attorney GeneralQuinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Philip R. Monahan for respondent.
Reported below: 166 F. 2d 721.

No. 449, Misc. BLOOM v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Circuit Court of Lake County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.
No. 450, Misc. Court of Illinois.

June 14, 1948.
KILL v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Certiorari denied.

Supreme

No. 451, Misc. GANN ET AL. V. MEEK. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Eustis Myres for petitioners. W. F. Moore for respondent. Solicitor General Perlman filed a memorandum for the United States. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 857..

No. 452, Misc. KEMMERER V. BENSON, WARDEN. C. C. A. 6th. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 702.

No. 453, Misc. WARD v. HEINZE, WARDEN. Supreme Court of California. Certiorari denied.

No. 454, Misc. MOORE V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 7th. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 102.

No. 462, Misc. BRICTSON V. WOODROUGH ET AL. C., C. A. 8th. Certiorari denied. E. Luther Melin for petitioner. Reported below: 164 F. 2d 107.

No. 464, Misc. HANSON v. RAGEN, WARDEN. C. C. A. 7th. Certiorari denied. Zeamore A. Ader for petitioner. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 608.
No. 470, Misc. DAVIs V. UNITED STATES. United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Certiorari denied. James J. Laughlin for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Joseph M. Howard for the United States. Reported below: 83 U. S. App. D. C. -, 167 F. 2d 228.

No. 473, Misc. KELLY V, SQU.IER, WARDEN. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

June 14, 1948.

334 U. S.

General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Joseph M. Howard for respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 731.

No. 476, Misc. DIXON V. ILLINOIS. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 485, Misc. GRAY ET AL. v. BRACEY ET AL. Supreme Court of California. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 Cal. 2d 426, 189 P. 2d 3.

No. 487, Misc. WATSON V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Bart. A. Riley for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Philip R. Monahan for the United States. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 1018.

No. 492, Misc. SHOCKLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. Joseph L. Alioto for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Beatrice Rosenberg for the United States. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 704.

No. 495, Misc. THOMPSON V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 9th. Certiorari denied. Melvin M. Belli for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney GeneralQuinn, Robert S. Erdahland Beatrice Rosenberg for the United States.
. No. 498, Misc. FAZIo ET AL. v. NEW YORK. County Court of Kings County, New York. Certiorari denied.

No. 499, Misc. THOMPSON V. NIERSTHEIMER, WARDEN. C. C. A. 7th. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 87.

DECISIONS PER CUR1AM ETC.

334 U. S.

June .14, 1948.

No. 500,.Misc. COLE ET AL. V. NEW JERSEY. Court of Errors and Appeals of New Jersey. Certiorari denied. David W. Louisell, Carl McGowan, A. Warren Littman and Henry F. Schenk for petitioners. Duane E. Minard for respondent. Reported below: 136 N. J. L. 606, 56 A. 2d 898.

No. 510, Misc. ODELL V. HUDSPETH, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Kansas. Certiorari denied.

No. 513, Misc. CALDERBANK V. PENNSYLVANIA. Supreme Court of Pennsylvania. Certiorari denied.

No. 514, Misc. HOWELL V. JONES, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Nebraska. Certiorari denied.

No. 515, Misc. JOHNSON V. STEWART, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Missouri. Certiorari denied.

No. 518, Misc. ASBELL V. STEWART, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Missouri. Certiorari denied.

No. 520, Misc.' KALAN v. KALAN.. Court of Appeals of New York. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 297 N.Y.-.

No. 521, Misc. REED v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 522, Misc. ROBINSON V. RAGEN, WARDEN. Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 523, Misc. ELLIOTT V. HUDSPETH, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Kansas. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 164 Kan. 598,191 P. 2d 900.

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

June 14, 1948.

334 U. S.

No. 530, Misc. MCELLIGOTT v. BURKE, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Pennsylvania. Certiorari denied.

No. 531, Misc. BEASON V. STEWART, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Missouri. Certiorari denied.

No. 532, Misc. LYLE V. STEWART, WARDEN. Court of Missouri. Certiorari denied.

Supreme

No. 533, Misc. WASHINGTON V. RAGEN, WARDEN.
Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 534, Misc. STORY V. OKLAHOMA. Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 184 P. 2d 983.

No. 535, Misc. MEYERS V. RAGEN, WARDEN. Circuit
Court of Will County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 536, Misc. HOLLOWAY V. UNITED STATES. United
States Court of Appeals for the District of- Columbia. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Philip R. Monahan for the United States. Reported below: 80 U. S. App. D. C. 3, 148 F. 2d 665.

No. 537, Misc. JONES V. RAGEN, WARDEN. Criminal
Court of Cook County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 539, Misc. BROWN V. MISSOURI. C. C. A. 8th. Certiorari denied.

No. 540, Misc. LUCAS v. TEXAS. Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 211 S. W. 2d 222.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

June 14, 1948.

No. 542, Misc. FARNSWORTH V. MARYLAND. Supreme Bench of Baltimore City, Maryland. Certiorari denied.

No. 546, Misc. TURNER V. MISSOURI. Supreme Court of Missouri. Certiorari denied.

No. 547, Misc. HAWLEY V. ILLINOIS. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 399 Ill. 300, 77 N. E. 2d 701.

No. 549, Misc. SHAFFER V. ILLINOIS. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 400 Ill. 332, 79 N. E. 2d 477.

No. 550, Misc. HAUGHEY V. SMYTH, SUPERINTENDENT. Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. William, Alfred Hall, Jr. for petitioner. Reported below: 187 Va. 320, 46 S. E. 2d 419.

No. 551, Misc. FARRELL V. LANAGAN, WARDEN. C. C. A. 1st. Certiorari denied. Alfred A. Albert for petitioner, Reported below:' 166 F. 2d 845.

No. 553, Misc. HALL V. UNITED STATES. United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Certiorari denied. Henry Lincoln Johnson, Jr. for petitioner. Reported below: 83 U. S. App. D. C. -, 168 F. 2d 161.

No. 554, Misc. GRAY V. UNITED STATES. United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Certiorari denied for the reason that application therefor was not made within the time provided by law. Rule 37 (b) (2) of the Rules of Criminal Procedure. James T. Wright and Wesley S. Williams for petitioner. Reported below: 83 U. S. App. D. C.-, 168 F. 2d 161.

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

June 14, 21, 1948.

334 U. S.

No. 320, Misc. HILLIARD V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Motions for other relief also denied.

Rehearing Denied.
No. 690. MILLER V.UNITED STATES ET AL., ante, 1). 820. Rehearing denie "

No. 754. REDDING v. LOS ANGELES ET AL., ante, p. 825. Rehearing denied.

No. 306, Misc. McGOUGH V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 829. Rehearing denied.

JUNE 21, 1948.
Per CuriamDecisions.
No. 775. EUBANKS v. THOMPSON, RECEIVER. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment of the Supreme Court of Arkansas is reversed. See Myers v. Reading Co., 331 U. S. 477 (1947) and Ellis v. Union Pacific R. Co., 329 U. S. 649 (1947). WalterM. Bastianand A. K. Shipe for petitioner. Reported below: See 212 Ark. 652, 207 S. W. 2d 610; 208S. W. 2d 161.

No. 808. NATIONAL MARITIME UNION OF AMERICA ET AL. v. HERZOG ET AL. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia. Per Curiam: The decision of the statutory three-judge court is affirmed to the extent that it passes upon the validity of § 9 (f) and § 9 (g) of the National Labor Relations Act, as amended by the Labor Management Relations Act of 1947 (61 Stat. 136, 143; 29 U. S. C. §§ 141, 159 (f) 159 (g), Supp. 1947). We do not find it necessary to

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

June 21, 1948.

reach or coi~sider the validity of § 9 (h). MR. JUSTICE BLACK and MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted and the case set down for argument. William L. Standard and David Rein for appellants. Solicitor General Perlman for appellees. Reported below: 78 F. Supp. 146.

Miscellaneous Orders.
No. -, Original. WISCONSIN V. ILLINOIS. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint denied. Massachusetts v. Missouri,308 U. S. 1. John E. Martin,Attorney General of Wisconsin, and George I. Haight for complainant. George F. Barrett,Attorney General of Illinois, and William C. Wines, Assistant Attorney General, for defendant.

No. 12, Original. UNITED STATES V. CALIFORNIA. In our opinion of June 23, 1947, we stated that it might later become necessary to have hearings "in order to determine with greater definiteness particular segments of the boundary" between California and the marginal sea over which the United States has paramount rights and power (332
U. S. 19, 26). Our decree of October 27, 1947, reserved jurisdiction to enter such further orders and to issue such writs as might from time to time be necessary (332 U. S.
804, 805).
The Government has now filed a petition praying that the precise boundary as to certain segments of the California coastal area be ascertained. It urges that there exists a definite need for a prompt determination in this respect. California has answered, agreeing that there is need for prompt determination of the boundaries as to the segments designated by .the Government, but it urges that there is also need for a prompt determination of the precise California coastal boundary all the way from Oregon to Mexico.

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

June 21, 1948.

334 U. S.

California's petition for an ascertainment of the entire coastal boundary at this time is denied.
The Court is in doubt at this time as to what particular segments of the boundary, if any, should now be determined.
It is therefore of the opinion that a master should be appointed by THE CHIEF JUSTICE to make inquiry into this subject and to hold hearings, if he finds it necessary, in order to make recommendations to this Court at the October, 1948, Term, as to what particular portions of the boundary call for precise determination and adjudication. Should the master conclude that such adjudications should be made, he is also authorized to recommend to this Court an appropriate procedure to be- followed in determining the precise boundary of such segments.
It is so ordered.
MR. JUSTICE JACKSON took no part in the consideration or decision of this question.
Attorney General Clark, Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Vanech, Arnold Raum, Stanley M. Silverberg, J. Edward Williams, Robert E. Mulroney, Hugh F. O'Donnell and Robert M. Vaughan for the United States. Fred N. Howser, Attorney General of California, and Eveiett W. Mattoon, Assistant Attorney General, for defendant. A. L. Weil filed a brief, as amicus curiae, opposing the petition of the United States.
No. 437. WooDs, HOUSING EXPEDITER, v. HILLS. Order entered amending opinion. Rehearing denied.
Opinion reported as amended, ante, p. 210.

No. 555, Misc. BOYLES V.-HUDSPETH, WARDEN. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U.S.

June 21, 1948.

No. 561, Misc. SHOTKIN V. KAPLAN ET AL. for appeal denied.

Petition

No. 562, Misc. KRUSE v. BLAISDELL, DIRECTOR. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.

No. 571, Misc. IN RE GRONWALD ET AL. Motion for leave to file a petition for an original writ of habeas corpus and prohibition denied. THECHIEF JUSTICE, MR. JUS-
TICE REED, MR. JUSTICE FRANKFURTER, and MR. JUSTICE BURTON are of the opinion that there is want of jurisdiction. U. S. Constitution, Article III, § 2, Clause 2: see Ex parte Betz and companion cases, all 329 U. S. 672 (1946); Milch v. United States, 332 U. S. 789 (1947); Brandt v. United States, 333 U. S. 836 (1948); In re Eichel, 333 U. S. 865 (1948). MR. JUSTICE BLACK,
MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS, MR. JUSTICE MURPHY, and MR. JUSTICE RUTLEDGE are of the opinion that the motion for leave to file should be granted and that the case should be set for argument forthwith. MR. JUSTICE JACKSON took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.

CertiorariGranted. (See also No. 775, supra.)
No. 806. LAWSON, DEPUTY COMMISSIONER, U. S. EM-
PLOYEES' COMPENSATION COMMISSION, V. SUWANNEE
FRUIT & STEAMSHIP CO. ET AL. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari granted, SolicitorGeneralPerlmanfor petitioner. Harry T. Gray and Sam R. Marks for respondents. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 13.
No. 811. UNITED STATES EX REL. PASELA V. FENNO, COMMANDING OFFICER. C. C. A. 2d. Certiorari granted. Frank A. Francis and Benedict M. Holden, Jr. for. petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney
792588 0-48----59

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

June 21, 1948.

334 U. S.

GeneralQuinn, Robert S. Erdahland PhilipR. Monahan for respondent. Reported below: 167 F. 2d 593.

No. 816. MARZANI V. UNITED STATES. United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Certiorari granted. Osmond K. Fraenkel and Allan R. Rosenberg for petitioner. Solicitor GeneralPerlman,Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Irving S. Shapiro for the United States. Reported below: 83 U. S. App. D. C. -, 168 F. 2d 133.

No. 567, Misc. TURNER V. PENNSYLVANIA. Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania. Certiorari granted. Edwin P. Rome and Clinton Budd Palmer for petitioner. Reported below: 358 Pa. 350,58 A. 2d 61.

CertiorariDenied.
No. 584. UNITED STATES EX REL. ACKERMANN V.
O'RoURKE, OFFICER IN CHARGE; and No. 585. UNITED STATES EX REL. ACKERMANN V.
O'RouRKE, OFFICER IN CHARGE. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. George C. Dix and E. M. Grimes for petitioners. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Morison and Samuel D. Slade for respondent. Reported below: 164 F. 2d 95.

No. 796. C. A. 9th. 2d 634.

MASON V. MERCED IRRIGATION DISTRICT. C.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 165 F.

No. 797. REYNOLDS METALS CO. V. SKINNER ET AL. C. C. A. 6th. Certiorari denied. Walter L. Rice for petitioner. Leo 7'. Wolford for respondents. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 66.

Nos. 802 and 803. DEBARDELEBEN COAL CORP. V. OTT, COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC FINANCE. C. C. A. 5th. Cer-

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

June 21, 1948.

tiorari denied. Arthur A. Moreno for petitione'. Henry B. Curtis for respondent. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 509.

Nos. 818 and 823. OTT, COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC Fi-
NANCE, V. MISSISSIPPI VALLEY BARGE LINE CO.; Nos. 819 and 825. MONTGOMERY, STATE TAX COLLEC--
TOR, V. MISSISSIPPI VALLEY BARGE LINE CO.; Nos. 820 and 822. OTT, COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC Fi-
NANCE, v. AMERICAN BARGE LINE CO.; Nos. 821 and 826. MONTGOMERY, STATE TAX COLLEC-
TOR, v. AMERICAN BARGE LINE Co.; and No. 824. OTT, COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC FINANCE, V.
UNION BARGE LINE CORP. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Henry B. Curtis for petitioners. Arthur A. Moreno for respondents. Reported below: 166 F. 2d 509.

-No. 805. GLASSEY V. HORRALL, ,CHIEF OF POLICE OF Los ANGELES. Supreme Court of California. Certiorari denied. A. L. Wirin and Fred Okrand for petitioner. Ray L. Chesebro, Donald M. Redwine and John L. Bland for respondent.

No: 829. SHAPIRO V. SHAPIRO ET AL. C. C. A. 2d. Certiorari denied. Edward Norwalk for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlmanfor the United States, and James G. Mitchell for Annette Shapiro, respondents. Reported
below: 166 F. 2d 240.

No. 848. YOUNG V. UNITED STATES; No. 849. DEER V. UNITED STATES; and No. 850. POLK V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 10th. Certiorari denied. Austin M. Cowan for petitioners. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Josephine H. Klein for. the United States. Reported below: 163 F. 2d 187.
792588 0-48----- )

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

June 21, 1948.

334 U. S.

No. 256. PETERS V. UNITED STATES. C. C. A. 8th. Certiorari denied. Norman L. Meyers for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Philip Elmian, Robert S Erdahl and Irving S. Shapiro for the United States. Reported below: 160 F. 2d 858' 161 F. 2d 940.

No. 812. MCKEWEN v. MCKEWEN ET AL. C. C. A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Garner W. Green and P. Z. Jones for petitioner. Solicitor General Perlman for the United States, and S. M. Graham for Marjorie L. McKewen, respondents. Reported below: 165 F. 2d 761.

No. 408, Misc. CARMELO V.PENNSYLVANIA. 'Court of Pennsylvania. Certiorari denied.

Supreme

No. 444, Misc. HALEY V. STEWART, WARDEN. Supreme. Court of Missouri. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. J. E. Taylor, Attorney General of Missouri, and Tyre W. Burton, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

No. 466, Misc. RITCHIE (ARON) V. DRIER ET AL. United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Certiorari denied. Robert C. Bell, Jr. for petitioner. BernardJ. Gallagherand M. Walton Hendry for Drier; Richard L. Merrick for Aron; and Soterios Nicholson for Stern Brothers et al., respondents. Reported below: 83 U. S. App. D. C. -, 165 F. 2d 238.

,Nto. 504, Misc. Moss v. HUNTER, WARDEN. C. C. A. th. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 167 F. 2d 683.

No. 511, Misc. SOLIS V. CLEMMER, DIRECTOR. United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.

DECISIONS PER CURIAM ETC.

334 U. S.

June 21, 1948.

Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Perlman, Assistant Attorney General Quinn, Robert S. Erdahl and Joseph M. Howard for respondent. Reported below: 83 U. S. App. D. C. -, 168 F. 2d 155.

No. 556, Misc. JONES V. MISSOURI. Supreme Court of Missouri. Certiorari denied.

No. 557, Misc. VOLKMAN v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 558, Misc. MURPHY v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Criminal Court of'Cook County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 559, Misc. SHOTKIN ET AL. v. THOMAS A. EDISON, INC. C. C. A. 10th. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 163 F. 2d 1020.

No. 560, Misc. WEHR v. RAGEN, WARDEN. Circuit Court of Bureau County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 563, Misc. DENNIS V. RAGEN, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Illinois. Certiorari denied.

No. 564, Misc. JOHNSON V. HIATT,WARDEN. C.C.A. 5th. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Perlman for respondent. Reported below: 167 F. 2d 738.

No. 565, Misc. HAYES V. HUDSPEIA, WARDEN. Supreme Court of Kansas. Certiorari denied.

NQ. 568, Misc. KILGALLEN V. NEW YORK. County Court of Queens County, New York. Certiorari denied.
No. 569, Misc. GRANT V. RAGEN, WARDEN. Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1947.

June 21, 1948.

334 U. S.

No. 570, Misc. BURNS V. ILLINOIS. Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois. Certiorari denied.

RehearingDenied. (See also No. 437, supra.)
No. 461. UNITED STATES V. COLUMBIA STEEL CO. ET AL., ante, p. 495. Rehearing denied.

No. 544. UNITED STATES v. NATIONAL CITY LINES, INC. ET AL., ante, p. 573. Rehearing denied.

No. 655. PHYLE v. DUFFY, WARDEN, ante, p. 431. Rehearing denied.

No. 697. ALKER ET AL. V. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION, ante, p. 827. Rehearing denied.

Nos. 716 and 717. HAZELTINE CORPORATION V. KIRKPATRICK, U. S. DISTRICT JUDGE, ante, p. 819. Rehearing denied.

No. 810. TINKOFF V. ILLINOIS EX REL. CHICAGO BAR ASSOCIATION ET AL., ante, p. 833. Rehearing denied. MR. JUSTICE JACKSON took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.

No. 326, Misc. O'LOUGHLIN V. PARKER, DEPUTY COMMISSIONER, U. S. -EMPLOYEES' COMPENSATION COMMISSION, 333 U. S. 868. Motion for leave to file a third petition for rehearing denied.

No. 500, Misc. COLE ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY, ante, p. 851. Rehearing denied.

No.519, Misc. HARRIS V. CITY OF NEW YORK, ante, 836. Rehearipg denied.

No. 528, Misc. IN RE PIERCE, ante, p. 831. Rehearing denied.

UNITED STATES REPORTS
VOLUME 334

THE

CASES ADJUDGED
IN
SUPREME COURT
AT
OCTOBER. TERM, 1947

OPINIONS FROM MAY 3, 1948, THROUGH JUNE 14, 1948
DECISIONS PER CURIAM, ETC., FROM MAY 3, 1948, THROUGH JUNE 21, 1948

WALTER WYATT
REPORTER

UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE
WASHINGTON : 1948

TABLE OF STATUTES
Cited in Opinions

(A) STATUTES OF THE UNITED STATES.

Page

1789, Sept. 24, c. 20, § 25, 1

Stat. 73 ........... 62

1790, Mar. 26, c. 3, 1 Stat.

103 ..............

410

May 26, c. 11, 1 Stat.

122 ..........

343,541

1865, Mar. 3, c. 27, 13 Stat.

571 .............. 323

1866, Apr. 9, c. 31, § 1, 14

Stat. 27 ..........

1,24

1867, Feb. 5, c. 28, 14 Stat.

385 .............. 672 1870, May 31, c. 114, 16

Stat. 140 .......... 410 §16 ............ 24

§18 ........... 1,24

July 14, c. 254, 16

Stat. 254 .......... 410

1871, Mar. 3,c. 122, 16 Stat.

573 .............. 182

1876, Aug. 15, c. 287, 19

Stat. 143 .......... 323

1880, June 16, c. 251, 21

Stat. 291 .......... 717

1883, Jan. 16, c. 27, § 7, 22

Stat. 403 ....... . 323 1890, July 2, c. 647, 26 Stat.

209 .............. 258
§§ 1, 2.......... 100,
110,131,219,573 §§ 4, 5, 7 ......... 573

Aug. 18, c. 797, 26

Stat. 315 .......... 62

1900, Apr. 30, c. 339, 31

Stat. 141 .......... 672 1903, Feb. 11, c. 544, 32

Stat. 823.. 100,495,573 §2 ............. 131
1906, June 28, c. 3572, §§ 2-7 ............ 717

1909, Mar. 4, c. 320, 35 Stat.

1075 .............

131

Page

1911, Mar. 3, c. 231, 36 Stat. 1167 ............. 573

1912, Apr. 18, c. 83, § 8, 37

Stat. 86 ...........

717

Aug. 23, c. 350, 37 Stat. 360 .......... 323

Aug. 24, c. 389, 37 Stat. 539 .......... 323
1914, Sept. 26, c. 311, § 5, 38

Stat. 717 .......... 495

Oct. 15, c. 323, 38 Stat.

730 .......... 110,219

§2 ............. §3 ..........

37 37,573

'§§4, 5 ...........

573

§7 ..........

37,495

§§ 10, 11, 12 ...... 573

1917, July 2, c. 35, 40 Stat.

241 ...*........... 62

1918, Apr. 11, c. 51, 40 Stat.

518 .............. 62

July 3, c. 128, 40 Stat.

755 ..............

410

1920, Feb. 28, c. 91, § 15a, 41 Stat. 456 ....... 742 §§ 407, 439 ........ 182

1921, Mar. 3, c. 120, 41 Stat. 1249 ............. 717

1923, Feb. 9, c. 66, 42 Stat. 1223 ............. 182

1924, June 7, c. 320, Title III, 43 Stat. 607... 602
1925, Feb. 13, c. 229, 43 Stat. 936 .............. 24,

100,131,573, 672

Feb. 27, c. 359, 43 Stat. 1008 ............. 717

1929, Mar. 2, c. 493, 45 Stat.

1478 .............

717

1931,Feb. 26, c. 307, 46

Stat. 1421 ......... 62

LXVII

IxviII TABLE OF STATUTES CITED.

Page

1932, Mar. 23, § 2, 47 Stat.

70 ................ 446

June 29, c. 310, § 1, 47

Stat. 381 ..........

302

1935, July 5, c. 372, 49 Stat.

449 .............. 446 Aug. 9, c. 498, 49 Stat.

543 .............. 653 1936, June 19, c. 592, 49

Stat. 1526 ........4.9 37 June 30, c. 881,
Stat. 2036 ......... 249 1937,Aug. 17, c. 690, 50

Stat. 673.. 100,110,131 Sept. 1, c. 898, 50 Stat.

903 .............. 219 1938, June 21, c. 554, 52

Stat. 809 ..........

410

June 24,. c. 645, 52

Stat. 1034 .........

717

June 25, c. 676, 52

Stat. 1060 ......... 249 §§3, 6, 7, 16 ...... 446
1939, May 22, c. 140, 53

Stat: 752........

624

1940, July 2, c. 508, § 4, 54

Stat. 712 ..........

249

Sept. 16, c. 720, § 8, 54

Stat. 885 ..........

323

Sept. 18, c. 722, 54

Stat. %898..........

182

Oct. 8, c. 757, §§ 602,

605-609, 617, 54

Stat. 974 ..........

602

Oct. 14, c. 876, 54 Stat. "

1137 ............ 410

1941, Mar. 11, c.11, 55 Stat.

31 . .............. 624 1942, Jan. 30, c.26, 56 Stat.

23 ............. 624

§§ 1, 2, 203-206... 210 Mar. 27, c. 199, 56

Stat. 176 .......... 624 Apr. 6, c. 210, 56 Stat.

198 ............. 131 Apr. 28, c. 247, § 403,

56 Stat. 226 ....... 742 May 4, c. 283, 56 Stat.

267 .............. 385

Oct. 21, c. 619, Title VIII, § 801, 56 Stat.

798 ............... 742

Page

1943, July 1, c. 185, § 1, 57

Stat. 347 .......... 742

July 14, c. 239, 57 Stat.

564 .............. 742

Dec. 17, c. 344, 57 Stat.

600 ..............

410

1944, Feb. 25, c. 63, Titles

VII, VIII, 58 Stat.

21 ............. 742

June 9, c. 239, 58 Stat.

272. ............ 258

June 27, c.287, §§ 2,

12, 14, 58 Stat. 387. 323

Sept. 30, c. 454, §§ 5,

6, 58 Stat. 762 ..... 602

Oct. 3, c. 479, 58 Stat.

765 ............

258

§ 20 ...........

495

1945, June 30, c. 210, 59

Stat. 294 .........

742

June 30, c. 214, 59

Stat. 306 .......... 210 1946, July 2, c. 534, 60 Stat.
416 .............. 410 Aug. 1, c. 728, §§ 9, 12,

60 Stat. 781 ....... 602 Aug. 8, c. 908, 60 Stat.
939 .............. 323 1947, May'14, c. 52, Part IV,
§§ 1, 9, 11, 61 Stat.

84 ...............

446

June 23, c. 120, 61

Stat. 136 ...... 446,854

July 30, c. 361, 61

Stat. 610 .......... 210 1948, Jan. 19, c. 1, 62 Stat.

3 ..............

323

Feb. 28, c. 84, 62 Stat.

48 ............... 323

Apr. 9, c. 180, 62.Stat.

162 ..............

182

Constitution. See Index at

end of volume. Criminal Code.

§37 ................. 210 Internal Revenue Code.
,§§.2803, 2810, 2812, 2814,
2831, 2833 .......... 699

Judicial Code.

§237 ........... 62,653

§ 238 ............

100,131

239 ................ 210

240 ..............

24

TABLE OF STATUTES CITED.

LXIX

Page

Judicial Code-Continued. § 262 ............ 258,266

§ 266 ................ 385

§272 ................ 266

Revised Statutes.

§905 ................ 343

§§ 966, 1010 ...........

304

§ 1977 ............... 24

§ 1978 ..............

1,24

U. S. Code. Title 5, §§ 37, 638, 652,

691e, 851, 861 ....... 323

Title 7, § 1131 ........ 219

Title 8,

§41 .......... 24,410

§42 ............

1,24

§§ 71-86, 703 ...... 410

Title 11, §205 ........ 182 Title 12, §§ 588b, 588c. 266
Title 15,
§§ 1, 2 ........ 100,110,
131,219, 258,495,573

3 .495 4 ......25.8.,495

§ 5 .......... 495,573

§6 ..............

495

§7 ..........

219,495

§10 ............. 573

§ 13 ............. 37

§ 15 ............. 219

§21 .............

37

§§ 22, 25 .......... 573

§28 ......... 131,573 § 29 ............ 100,
131,258, 495, 573

§ 45 ............. 37

Title 17, § 1..........

131

Title 18,

§ 682 ............ 573

§ 709a ........... 302

Title 28,

§47 ............. 182

§ 288 ............

624

§ 344 ......... 62,653

§ 345 ...........

100,

131,182, 573

§346 ............ 210

§347 ............ 24

§377 ........ 258,266 1380 ............ 385

383 ...........

110

§394 ......... 266

Page
U. S. Code--Continued. Title 28-Continued. §§ 451-453 ........ 672 687 ....... 343,541
811, 878.......304 Title 29,
§§ 141, 159 ........ 854 §201 ............ 249 §§ 207, 216, 251 .... 446 Title 30, § 181 ........ 410 Title 38, §§ 512, 801, 802, 806-809, 817... 602
Title 41, §35 ......... 249
Title 43 ,§ 161 ........ 429 Title 45, § 51 ......... 304 Title 46, §§ 11, 13 ..... 410 Title 49,
§§5, 20a .......... 182
§176 ............ 410 §§ 302, 303 ........ 653 § 521 ............. 410 Title 50,
308 ........... 323
633 ............ 624 S§901 ........ 210,624 §924, 925 ........ 210 §§ 1191, 1192 ...... 742
§ 1611 ........... 258
U. S. Code Annotated. Int. Rev. Acts Beginning 1940, pp. 376, 491, 508 ............ 742
Agricultural Adjustment Act ................... 219
Antitrust Act ............. 573 Bankruptcy Act ........... 182
Civil Rights Act ......... 1,24 Civil Service Act .......... 323 Clayton Act ....... 37,495, 573 Copyright Act ............ 131 Emergency Price Control
Act ............... 210,624
Emergency Relief Appropriation Act, 1938 ......... 410
Employers' Liability Act... 304 Expediting Act ....... 100,131 Fair Labor Standards Act.. 249,
446
F e d e r a 1 Communications Act ................... 742
Federal Einployers' Liability Act ................ 304

LXX

TABLE OF STATUTES CITED.

Page
F ederaI Migratory Bird Treaty Act ............. 410
Federal Trade Commission
Act ................... 495. First Renegotiation Act ....742
Insurance Act .......... 602 Interstate Commerce Act.. 182,
653 Interstate Commerce Acts. . 219 Judiciary Act ............. 266 Judiciary Act, 1789......... 672 Labor Management Rela-
tions Act ......... 446,854 Lend-Lease Act ........... 624 Merchant Marine Act...... 742 Military Appropriation Act,
1944 ................ 742 Motor Carrier Act ......... 653 National Labor Relations
Act ............... 446,854
National Service Life Insurance Act ............... 602
Norris-LaGuardia Act ..... 446 Osage Allotment Act...... 717 Portal-to-Portal Act. ..... 446 R aiIr oad Reorganization
Act ................... 182 Renegotiation Acts ........ 742 Revenue Act, 1940 (Sec-
ond) ............ 602,742 Revenue Act, 1942 ........ 742

Page

Revenue Act, 1943 ........ 742

Robinson-Patman Act ..... 37 Second Renegotiation Act.. 742

Second Revenue Act, 1940. 602,

742

Second Supplemental National Defense Appropria-

tion Act, 1941 .......... 742 Second War Powers Act... 624,
742

Selective Service Act ...... 742

Selective Training & Service

Act ................

323

Sherman Act ........

100,110,

131, 219,258, 495, 573 S i x t h Supplemental Na-
tional Defense Appropria-

tion Act, 1942 ........... 742

Stabilization Extension Act. 210

Sugar Act ................ 219

Supplemental Appropriation

Act, 1948 .............. 210

Surplus Property Act.. 258,495 Transportation Act.... 182,742

Veterans' Preference Act. .. 323 Vinson-Trammell Act ...... 742 Walsh-Healey Public Con-

tracts Act .............. 249 War Purposes & Declaration
of Taking Acts .......... 62 World War Veterans Act... 602

(B) STATUTES OF THE STATES AND TERRITORIES.

California.

Constitution .........

431

1943 Stats., c. 1100 .... 410

1945 Stats., c. 181 ..... 410

1947 Stats., c. 1329 ... 410

Code of Civil Proce-

dure, § 1085 ........ 431

Fish & Game Code,

,§427, 428, 990 ..... 410

Government Code,

§§ 12510-12512, 12519,

12550-12553 ......... 431

Penal Code, §§1367,

3700-3704 ......... 431

Alien Property Initia-

tion Act (Alien Land

Law) .............

410

Delaware.

Rev. Code, 1935, c. 86,

§29 .............

343

Delaware-Continued. Uniform Annulment of Marriages & Divorce Act ............... 343
Florida. Constitution ......... 343
Gen. Law, 1947, Acts 163, 654 ............ 385
Stats. Ann., §§65.01, 65.02 .............. 343
Stats. Ann., 1946 Supp;
§§ 374.14, 374.43.... 385 24 Stats. Ann., § 924.09. 672
Georgia. Code Ann., 1937, §§ 45109, 45-210, 45-216, 45-217 ............ 385 Code Ann., 1947 Supp.,. § 45-1001 et seq.... 385

TABLE OF STATUTES CITED.

LXXI

Page

Maine. Rev. Stats., 1930, c. 73, § 12 ............... 343
Massachusetts. Gen. Laws, 1932, c. 208,

§ 39; c. 209, § 36.... 343 Gen. Laws (Ter. ed.),
c. 208, §39; c. 209,
§36 ............... 343 Rev. Laws, 1835, c. 76,
§§ 39, 40 ........... 343

Nevada.

Comp. Laws, § 9460... 378 Comp. Laws, 1931-1941
Supp., § 9488 ....... 343 New Jersey.

Stats. Ann., 1939, § 2:50:35 .......... 343

Uniform Annulment of

Marriages & Divorce

Act ...............

343

New York.

Constitution .........

314

1946 Laws, c. 942 ...... 314

1947 Laws, c. 706 ..... 314

Code Criminal Proce-

dure, §§ 337, 467, 469,

517, 519-521 ........ 314

Penal Law ........... 314

Penal Ordinance of

Lockport ..........

558

Tax Law .............

653

North Carolina.

1947 Session Laws, c.

256 ............... 385

Gen. Stats. Ann., § 113238 ............... 385

Gen. Stats. Ann., 1945 Supp., § 113-165.... 385

Oklahoma.

1913 Laws, c. 198,

§§ 1-3 ............. 62

1915 Laws, c. 197, §§ 4,

5 ................. 62

1941 Stats., Title 52,

§§ 231-233, 239, 240,

243 ............... 62

1941 Stats., Title 68,
§§ 989-989t ........ 717

Inheritance & Transfer

Tax Act ............

717

Pennsylvania.

1931 Law§, No. 255... 653

1947 Laws, No. 204.... 653

Penal Code, 1939,

§1108 .............

728

18 Stats. Ann., § 5108.. 728

19 Stats. Ann., § 784.. 728,

736

Habitual Criminal Act. 728

South Carolina.

1947 Acts, No. 281,

§§ 1-5 ............. 385

Code Ann., §§2469,

3300,3374-3376,3379,

3407, 3408, 3414.... 385

Code Ann., 1944 Supp.,

§§ 1776-1, 3410 ..... 385

Vermont.

1931 Laws, c. 45 ...... 343

1933 Laws, c. 38 ...... 343

Wisconsin. 1945 Stats., § 247.21... 343

Uniform Annulment of

Marriages & Divorce

Act ...............

343

(C) TREATIES.

1865, Sept. 29, 14 Stat. 687

1866, July 19, 14 Stat. 799

(Indian) ..............

717 1 (Indian) .............. 717

(D) FOREIGN STATUTES.

English. 15 & 16 Geo. 5, c. 49, § 181 .............. 23 & 24 Vict., c. 144,
§§ 5-7 .............
36 & 37 Vict., c. 31, § I. 9 Halsbury's Stats. of
Eng. 393-394 .......

English-Continued.

Matrimonial Act, 1873. 343

Matrimonial C a u s e s

Act, 1860 ..........

343

Supreme Court of Judi-

c a t u r e (Consolida-

tion) Act ...........

343

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Aaron, Bay Ridge Operating Co. v ............. 446

Ackermann v. O'Rourke ....................... 858

Adamson, In re ................ ...........

834

Administrator. See name of administrator; Tem-

porary Controls Administrator.

Aetna Portland Cement Co., Trade Comm'n v ....... 839

Alexander Wool Combing Co. v. United States ...... 742

Alker v. Federal Deposit Ins. Corp ........... 827, 862

Allen v. Burford ................................ 830

Alliance of Stage Employees, Schatte v ............. 812

Allred v. United States .......................... 131

Amer v. Superior Court of California .............. 813

American Barge Line Co., Montgomery v .......... 859

American Barge Line Co., Ott v ...... ..........

859

American Crystal Sugar Co., Island Farms 0... 219,-835

American Theatres Assn. v. United States ......... 131

Anderson v. Commissioner ............ I......... 819

Anderson v. Provident Ins. Co ................... 846

Andrus Trust, Commissioner v ................... 825

Arkansas Oak Flooring Co. v. Louisiana & A. R. Co.. 828

Aron v. D rier .................................. 860

Asbell v. Stewart ............................... 851

Ashe, Daniels v ....... ................... 822

Attorney General, McCann v .................... 842

Augelli v. Ohio Finance Corp ..................... 816

Baden, Jungersen v ............................. 835

Bailey v. Stewart ............................... 822

Baker v. Utecht ................................ 842

Baldi, Henry v ................................. 822

Baldwin Locomotive Works, Patton v ............. 835

B antz, In re .......................... :.......... 836

xxv

xxvi

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

Baronia v. Ragen ...............................

823

Barsky v. United States .........................

843

Basich Bros. Construction Co., Glens Falls Co. v... 833

Baugh v. Ragen ................................

822

Baumer Foods v. Griffith ........................

828

Bay Ridge Operating Co. v. Aaron ................. 446

Beason v. Stewart ..............................

852

Beavers v. Commissioner ........................

811

Belz v. Board of Trade of Chicago .................

835

Ben E. Goodwin Co. v. United States ..............

828

Bennett v. Stewart .............................

848

Benson, Kemmerer v .............................

849

Benson, Orr v ..................................

817

Berry v. Illinois ................................

821

Berry v. Ragen .................................

838

Blair v. United States ...........................

830

Blaisdell, K ruse v ...............................

857

Bloom v. R agen .................................

848

Blue, Huron Stevedoring Corp. v .................

446

Board of Education v. Everett ....................

814

Board of Trade of Chicago, Belz v.................. 835

Board of Trade of Chicago, Cargill, Inc. v ........... 835

Bodenm iller, In re ..........

...................

831

Boone v. Stewart ...............................

823

Boyles v. Hudspeth .............................

856

Bracey, Gray v .................................

850

Brictson v. W oodrough ..........................

849

Briggs v. Pennsylvania R. Co .....................

304

Brotherhood of Teamsters v. Denver Milk Producers. 809

Brown v. M issouri ...............................

852

Browning Steamship Co., Miller v ..............

834

Bureau of Employees' Compensation, Hurley v ..... 828

Burford, Allen'v ................................

830

Burke, Gryger v .................................

728

Burke, M cElligott v .......................

: .... 852

Burke, Townsend v ..............................

736

Burns v. Illinois ................................

862

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED. XXVII

P agV

Burrows v. Hagerman ...........................

817

Calaveras Cement Co., Trade Comm'n v ...........

839

Calderbank v. Pennsylvania .....................

851

California, M cRae v ............................

843

California, United States v ..................

825,855

California Cement Co., Trade Comm'n v ...........

839

Cam pbell, Spruill v .............................

830

Capitol Meats v. United States ...................

812

Caplan v. Securities & Exchange Comm'n ..........

846

Cargill, Inc. v. Board of Trade of Chicago ..........

835

Carmelo v. Pennsylvania ........................

860

C. D. Johnson Lumber Corp. v. Oregon Mesabi Corp. 837

Cement Institute, Federal Trade Comin'n v ........ 839

Central Greyhound Lines v. Mealey ...............

653

Chalk Hill Theatre Co., Gambrell v ...............

814

Chauffeurs Union v. Denver Milk Producers ........ 809

Chicago Bar Assn.. Tinkoff v .................

833, 862

Chicago Board of Trade, Belz v ..................

835

Chicago Board of Trade, Cargill, Inc. v ............

835

Chick v. Commissioner ..........................

845

Circuit Court of Will County, Howard v ...........

830

City. See name of city.

Clark, Curtiss Candy Co. v .......................

820

Clark. McCann v ...............................

842

Clements v. Cleveland & Chicago Motor Co ........ 832

Clem mer, Fook v ...............................

810

Clem mer, Solis v ...............................

860

Cleveland & Chicago Motor Co., Clements v ........ 832

Coca-Cola Bottling Co. v. Provident Ins. Co ........ 846

Coe v. Coe .....................................

378

Cohen, Friedlander .&Martin Co. v. Mass. Ins. Co... 820

Cold Metal Process Co., United States v ....... 811,835

Cole v. New Jersey .........................

851,862

Columbia Pictures Corp. v. United States ..........

131

Columbia Steel Co., United States v ..........

495, 862

Commander in Chief, Everett v ..................

824

Commanding Officer, Pasela v ..................

857

xxviii TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

Commissioner, Anderson v .......................

819

Commissioner, Beavers v ........................

811

Commissioner, Chick v ..........................

845

Commissioner, Consolidated Goldacres Co. v ....... 820

Commissioner, Downs v........................... 832

Commissioner, Gem Jewelry Co. v ................

846

Commissioner, Hoofnel v ........................

833

Commissioner, Hougland v ......................

846

Commissioner v. Lehman ..... ................. 819

Commissioner, Lily Ho Quon v ...................

845

Commissioner, London Extension Mining Co. v .... 839

Commissioner, Nathan v ........................

843

Commissioner, Porter Royalty Pool v .............

833

Commissioner, Shapero v ........................

844

Commissioner v. South Texas Lumber Co ......... 813

Commissioner, Trust of Andrus v .................

825

Commissioner of Correction, Paterno v ............

314

Commissioner of Finance v. American Barge Co .... 859

Commissioner of Finance, DeBardeleben Corp. v... 858

Commissioner of Finance v. Mississippi Valley Co.. 859

Commissioner of Finance v. Union Barge Corp ..... 859

Commissioner of Internal Revenue. See Commis-

sioner.

Commonwealth. See name of State.

Comptroller of New York, Connecticut Ins. Co. v... 810

Cone v. West Virginia Paper Co ..................

827

Connecticut Mutual Life Ins. Co. v. Moore ........ 810

Consolidated Goldacres Co. v. Commissioner ....... 820

County. See name of county.

Craighead Rice Milling Co., New Amsterdam Co. v. 829

Crebs v. Supreme Court of Kansas ...............

818

Curtiss Candy Co. v. Clark ......................

820

Daniels v. Ashe ................................

822

Davis v. Nierstheimer ...........................

810

Davis v. Ragen ................................

824

Davis v. United States ..........................

849

DeBardeleben Coal Corp. v. Ott ..................

858

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED. xxix
Page
De Berry v. Maryland ........................... 823 Deer v. United States ........................... 859 DeLano v. M ichigan ............................ 818 Dennis v. Ragen ................................ 861 Denver Milk Producers, Teamsters Union v ........ 809 Deputy Commissioner, Hurley v .................. 828 Deputy Commissioner, O'Loughlin v ...... 824,841,862 Deputy Commissioner v. Suwannee Fruit Co ....... 857 De Stubner v. United Carbon Co .................. 829 Dickson, Fredericksen v ......................... 834 Didato v. Shaw ................................ 842 Dineen v. United States ......................... 816 Director of Licensing, Schmitt v .................. 809 Director of Liquidation, Curtiss Co. v .............. 820 District Court. See U. S. District Court. District Judge, Hazeltine Corp. v ............. 819, 862 District Judge, Kissinger v ....................... 817 Division of Liquidation, Curtiss Co. v ............. 820 Dixon v. Illinois ....................... ........ 850 Dowell, Inc., Jowers v ........................... 832 Downs v. Commissioner ......................... 832 Drier, Ritchie (Aron) v ............ ............. 860 Duffy, Phyle v .................. .......... 431, 862 Dwyer v. Illinois ............................... 838 Edison, Inc., Shotkin v ..I...................... 861 Fnlen, In re.......... .................. 836 Elcar Coach, Milwaukee Ins. Co. v ................ 845 Elliott v. Hudspeth ............................ 851 Erie R. Co., Trust Company of Chicago/i .......... 845 Estate of. See name of estate. Estin v. Estin ........................... ...... 541 Eubanks v. Thompson ...................... 854 Everett, Board of Education v..................... 814 Everett v. Truman .............. ............... 824 Exkano v. Sanford .............................. 821 Farnsworth v. Maryland .............. ...... 853 Farrell v. Lanagan .............................. 853

XXX

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

P'age

Fazio v. New York .............................. 850

Federal Deposit Ins. Corp., Alker v ........... 827, 862

Federal Trade Comm'n v. Aetna Cement Co ........ 839

Federal Trade Comm'n v. Calaveras Cement Co ..... 839

Federal Trade Comm'n v. California Cement Co ....839

Federal Trade Comm'n v. Cement Institute ........ 839

Federal Trade Comm'n v. Huron Cement Co ...... 839

Federal Trade Comm'n v. Marquette Cement Co ...839

Federal Trade Comm'n v. Morton Salt Co .......... 37

Federal Trade Comm'n v. Northwestern Cement Co. 839

Federal Trade Comm'n v. Riverside Cement Co ..... 839

Federal Trade Comm'n v. Smith ................. 839

Federal Trade Comm'n v. Superior Cement, Inc ....839

Federal Trade Comm'n v. Universal Cem ent Co ....839

Felin & Co., United States v ...........

.......... 624

Fenno, U. S. ex rel. Pasela v ............

.......... 857

Fife v. R agen ......... : ...............

.......... 842

Finley v. Tarrant ......................

..... 810,835

Fii'm enich, In re .......................

...... .. 826

Fisher v. Pace .........................

.......... 827

Fish & Game Comm'n, Takahashi v ...... . ......... 410

Fleming, Sobel Box Co. v ...............

.......... 815

Floyd v. Ring Construction Corp ........ ......... 838

Fook v. Clem mer.. ...................

.......... 810

Foreign Trade Management Co. v. U. S... ..... 831,832

Forrestal, Lincoln Electric Co. v ......... ......... 841

Franklin Life Ins. Co. v. Stuart .......... ......... 816

Fredericksen v. Dickson ........................

Full Salvation Union v. Portage Township .........

Gallaway v. M ichigan ...........................

Gambrell v. Chalk Hill Theatre Co ...............

Gann v. Meek .................................

Garland v. United States ........................

Garlington v. W asson ...........................

Gem Jewelry Co. v. Commissioner ................

General Time Instruments Corp. v. U. S. Time Corp.

Ghadiali v. United States ....................

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

XXXT

Gill v. Mesta Machine Co ............... Girke, In re ............................ Glassey v. Horrall ...................... Glens Falls Indemnity Co. v. Basich Co .... Goldman Theatres, Loew's, Inc. v ........ Goodwin v. United States ............... Gordon, In re .......................... Goss, In re ............................. Grant v. Ragen ........................ Gray v. Bracey ......................... Gray v. United States............... Greco v. Stewart ....................... Greyhound Lines v. Mealey .............. Gfiffith, Baumer Foods v ................ Griffith, United States v .............. Grimm v. Nierstheimer ................. Gronwald, In re ........................ Gryger v. Burke ........................ Guinness v. United States ............... Habighorst v. Louisiana ................. Hagerman, Burrows v ............... H aley v. Stewart ....................... Hall v. United States ................... H anson v. Ragen ....................... Harang v. United States ................. Harpstrith v. Nierstheimer .............. Harris v. New York .................... Harris v. South Carolina ................ H arrison v. Illinois ..................... Hartmann, Time, Inc. v ................. Hasenfuss v. New York ............. Hatzis v. New York .................... Haughey v. Smyth ...................... H awks v. Illinois ....................... H awley v. Illinois ................ I..... Hayes v. Hu'dspeth................ Hazeltine Corp. v. Kirkpatrick ...............

Page
........ 832 .... 826, 836 ........ 859 ........ 833 ........ 811 ........ 828 ........ 811 ........ 826 ........86.1. ........ 850 ........ 853 ........ 817 ........ 653 ........ 828
100 ........ 847 ........ 857 ........ 728 ........ 819 ........ 822 ......... 817
........ 860 ........ 853 ......... 849
........ 822 ....836,862 ........ 837 ........ 812 ........ 838 ........ 822 ........ 823 ........ 853
821 ......... 853 ........ 861
819, 862

..... .811 .....

Xxxii TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

Heard v. R agen ................................ 830

Hedgebeth v. North Carolina ....................

806

Heinze, Petro v ................................

842

Heinze, Schum an v .............................

829

Heinze, Schunke v ..............................

817

Heinze, Smith v ................................

823

Heinze, Tate v ..... ..........................

842

Heinze, Ward v ................................

849

Hellenbroich, In re .............................

826

Helpers Union v. Denver Milk Producers ..........

809

Henderson v. Howard ...........................

817

Henry v. B aldi ..................................

822

Herzog, National Maritime Union v ..............

854

Hiatt, Johnson v .......................

........ 861

Hilliard v. United States ........................

854

H ills, Woods v ..................

! ..........

210, 856

H ilton v. Sullivan ..............................

323

H ines v. Illinois .................................

847

Hodge, Hurd v ..........................

24

Hodge, Urc'iolo v ...............................

24

Holiday v. Swenson ............................

822

Holloway v. United States .......................

852

Hoofnel v. Commissioner........................ 833

Horrall, G lassey v ..............................

859

Hougland v. Commissioner ............

.......... 846

Housing Expediter v. Hills ............

...... 210,856

Housing Expediter, McRae v .......... .......... 830

Housing Expediter, Sikora Realty Corp. v ......... 840

H oven, In re .........................

.......... 826

Howard v. Circuit Court of Will County. .......... 830

Howard, Henderson v ..................

.......... 817

Howard, La Count v ..................

.......... 817

H owell v. Jonbes ......................

.......... 851

H. Schnell & Co. v. United States ....... .......... 833

H udson, In re ........................

.......... 842

Hudspeth, Boyles v ...................

.......... 856

Hudspeth, Elliott v ...................

.......... 851

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED. xxxiI

Page

Hudspeth, Hayes v .............................

861

H udspeth, Odell v ..............................

851

Hudspeth, Smith v .............................

841

Huggins v. Toomer .............................

847

H ult, In re ....................................

842

H unsicker, In re ................................

826

Hunter v. M artin ..............................

302

H unter, M oss v ................................

860

Hunter, Thomas v ..............................

817

H unter, Willis v ................................

848

Hurd v. Hodge .................................

24

Hurley v. Lowe ................................

828

Huron Portland Cement Co., Trade Comm'n v ..... 839

Huron Stevedoring Corp. v. Blue .................

446

Illinois, Berry v ................................

821

Illinois, Burns v ................................

862

Illinois, D ixon v ................................

850

Illinois, D wyer v ...............................

838

Illinois, Harrison v .............................

812

Illinois, Hawks v ................................

821

Illinois, Hawley v ..............................

853

Illinois, H ines v ................................

847

Illinois, Loftus v ...............................

804

Illinois, M cCullum v ............................

842

Illinois, M cNaughton v ..........................

823

Illinois, Nelson v ...............................

821

Illinois, Parker v .......................

813,816,840

Illinois, Putnam v ..............................

822

Illinois, Shaffer v ...............................

853

Illinois, Tall v ..................................

818

Illinois, W ilson v ...............................

848

Illinois, Wisconsin v ............................

855

Illinois Central R. Co., Kentucky v ...............

843

Illinois ex rel. Chicago Bar Assn., Tinkoff v .... 833, 862

Indiana, Johnson v .............................

824

Indiana, Watkins v .............................

834

In re. See name of party.

7925S 0--48---3

xxxiv TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Internal Revenue Commissioner. See Commissioner.

International Alliance Stage Employees, Schatte v.

International Teamsters Union v. Milk Producers...

Interstate Circuit v. Tivoli Realty ................

Interstate Commerce Comm'n, North Pier Co. v ....

Jefferson County Board of Education v. Everett ....

John J. Felin & Co., United States v ...............

Johnson v. H iatt ................................

Johnson v. Indiana .............................

Johnson v. Stewart .............................

Johnson Lumber Corp. v. Oregon Mesabi Corp ......

Johnston, Price v ...............................

Johnston, Sanders v .............................

Johnston, Scott v ...............................

Jones, H owell v ................................

Jones v. Missouri ...............................

Jones v. R agen .................................

Jowers v. D owell, Inc ............................

Jungersen v. Baden .............................

Jungersen v. Ostby & Barton Co ..................

Kalan v. Kalan .................................

Kallas v. Ragen ................................

Kansas City Life Ins. Co., United States v .........

Kansas Supreme Court, Crebs v: ......... ....... 818

Kaplan, Shotkin v ......................

....... 857

Kelly v. Squier .........

..........

....... 849

Kemmerer v. Benson ...................

....... 849

Kennedy v. Silas Mason Co ..............

....... 249

Kentucky v. Illinois Central R. Co ........ ....... 843

Kilgallen v. New York .................. Kill v. Ragen ..........................

....... 861 ....... 849

Kim v. Superior Court of California ....... ....... 813

King v. United States ...................

....... 848

Kirkpatrick, Hazeltine Corp. v ........... Kissinger v. Sweigert ....................

... 819,862 ....... 817

Kiwitt, In re ........................... Klapprott v. United States ...............

....... 826 ........ 818

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Xxxv

Page

Kraemer, Shelley v ................. Krautwurst, In re ..................

... .. .. ... 826

Kreiger v. Kreiger ..................

....... 555

Krieger v. Louisiana ................. ....... 815

Kruse v. Blaisdell ...................

....... 857

Kruse v. Ragen ....................

....... 827

Kunze, In re .......................

....... 826

Labor Board, National Garment Co. v.

....... 845

Labor Board v. Stowe Spinning Co...

....... 831

Labor Board, Stowe Spinning Co. v...

....... 831

Labor Board, Vail Mfg. Co. v ........

....... 845

La Count v. Howard ................

....... 817

Lanagan, Farrell v ..................

....... 853

Land 0' Lakes Dairy Co. v. Sebeka ...............

Lapka v. United States ..........................

Lawson v. Suwannee Fruit Co ....................

Lehman, Commissioner v .......... : .............

Lichter v. United States .........................

Lily Ho Quon v. Commissioner ...................

Lincoln Electric Co. v. Forrestal ..................

Littleton v. R ust ................................

Locke v. United States ..........................

Loew's, Inc. v. Goldman Theatres ................

Loew's, Inc. v. United States .....................

Loftus v. Illinois ..................

............

London Extension Mining Co. v. Commissioner .....

Los Angeles, Redding v .....................

825,

Louisiana, Habighorst v .........................

Louisiana, Krieger v .... . .......................

Louisiana & Arkansas R. Co., Oak Flooring Co. v...

Lowe, H urley v ................................

Lowe v. United States ...........................

Lucas v. Texas ..................................

Lyle v. Stewart ................................

Lyons, Paterno v ...............................

MacDonald, Milwaukee Ins. Co. v ................

M ack v. R agen .................................

xxxvi TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.
Page
Mandeville Island Farms v. American Sugar Co. 219, 835 M arinitsis v. W est Virginia ...................... 837 Marquette Cement Mfg. Co., Trade Comm'n v ..... 839 M artin, Hunter v .............................. 302 M artin, Smyl v ................................ 819 M artin, Tudryck v ............................. 819 Maryland, De Berry v ........................ 823 Maryland, Farnsworth v ........................ 853 Maryland, Walker v ........................ 817, 842 Marzani v. United States ........................ 858 Mason v. Merced Irrigation District .............. 858 M ason Co., Kennedy v .......................... 249 Massachusetts Life Ins. Co., Cohen Co. v .......... 820 M ayo, Wade v ................................. 672 M cCann v. Clark ............................... 842 M cCullum v. Illinois ............................ 842 McDowell v. United States ...................... 821 M cElligott v. Burke ............................ 852 McGhee v. Sipes...........................1 McGough v. United States .................. 829, 854 McKewen v. McKewen......................... 860 McNaughton v. Illinois .................... 823 McRae v. California ............................ 843 McRae v. Woods ........................... 830 Mealey. Central Greyhound Lines v .............. 653 M eek. G ann v ................................. 849 M ellon v. United States ......................... 835 Merced Irrigation District, Mason v ............... 858 M esta M achine Co., Gill v ....................... 832 M eyers v. Ragen ............................... 852 M ezo v. Nierstheimer ........................... 817 M ichigan, DeLano v ............................ 818 M ichigan. Gallaway v ........................... 842 Miller v. Browning Steamship Co .................. 834 M iller v. Stewart ............... ............ 817 Miller v. United States ...................... 820, 854 Milwaukee Mechanics' Ins. Co. v. MacDonald ...... 845

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED. xxxvii

Page

M inor v. Ragen ................................

822

Mississippi Valley Barge Line Co., Montgomery v... 859

Mississippi Valley Barge Line Co., Ott v ...........

859

M issouri, Brown v .............................

852

M issouri, Jones v ...............................

861

M issouri, Turner v .............................

853

Missouri-K.-T. R. Co., Randolph v ...............

818

Monroe Avenue Church v. Perkins ................

813

M ontague v. Smith .............................

839

Montgomery v. American Barge Line Co ..........

859

Montgomery v. Mississippi Valley Barge Co ....... 859

Montgomery v. United States ....................

834

Moore, Connecticut Mutual Ins. Co. v ............

810

M oore v. United States .........................

849

Moran, Pittsburgh-Des Moines Steel Co. v ......... 846

M orrison v. New York ..........................

834

M orton v. W elch ..................

.............

848

Morton Salt Co., Federal Trade Comm'n v ........ 37

Moss v. Hunter ................................

860

Moving Picture Operators, Schatte v .............

812

M urphy v. Ragen ..............................

861

Nathan v. Commissioner .......... I.............

843

National City Lines, United States v ......... 573, 862

National Garment Co. v. Labor Board .............

845

National Labor Relations Board. See Labor Board.

National Maritime Union v. Herzog ...............

854

Nebraska v. United States ......................

.815

N elson v. Illinois ...............................

821

Nelson v. Ragen ................................

823

Neumaticos Goodyear v. United States ............

838

New Amsterdam Casualty Co. v. Craighead Co ..... 829

New Jersey, Cole v .........................

851,862

New York, Connecticut Ins. Co. v ................

810

New York, Fazio v ................

.............

850

New York, Harris v .........................

836, 862

New York, Hasenfuss v .........................

822

New York, Hatzis v .............................

823

xxxviii TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.
Page
New York, Kilgallen v ........................... 861 New York, M orrison v ........................... 834 New York, Rheim v ............................. 829 New York, Rockower v .......................... 829 New York, Saia v ............................... 558 New York, Schectman v ......................... 823 New York, Taurisano v .......................... 840 New York, W illiams v ........................... 823 New York Comptroller, Connecticut Ins. Co. v ...... 810 New York Insurance Supt. v. United States ...... 816 New York, N. H. & H. R. Co. v. R. F. C ............ 811 New York Public Service Comm'n v. S. E. C ........ 838 Nierstheimer, Davis v ........................... 810 Nierstheimer, Grimm v .......................... 847 Nierstheimer, Harpstrith v ....................... 822 Nierstheimer, Mezo v ........................... 817 Nierstheimer, Peabody v........................ 821 Nierstheimer, Thompson v ....................... 850 North Carolina, Hedgebeth v ..................... 806 North Pier Terminal Co. v. I. C. C ............... 815 Northwestern Cement Co., Trade Comm'n v ....... 839 Odell v. H udspeth .............................. 851 Officer in Charge, Ackermann v .................. 858 Ohio, Viola v .................................. 816 Ohio Finance Corp., Augelli v .................... 816 Oklahoma, Republic Natural Gas Co. v ............ 62 Oklahoma, Story v ............................. 852 Oklahoma Tax Comm'n, West v .................. 717 Oklahoma Tax Comm'n, Yarbrough v ............. 841 O'Loughlin v. Parker .................... 824,841,862 O 'N eill, In re ................................... 818 Oregon Mesabi Corp., Johnson Lumber Corp.v ..... 837 O'Rourke, U. S. ex rel. Ackermann v .............. 858 Orr v. Benson .................................. 817 Ostby & Barton Co., Jungersen v .................. 835 Ott v. American Barge Line Co ................... 859 Ott, DeBardeleben Coal Corp. v .................. 858

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED. XXXIX

Ott v. Mississippi Valley Barge Line Co ...........

Ott v. Union Barge Line Corp....................

Overholser, Ruthven v ..........................

Overlade, Waite v....................... :......

Pace, Fisher v ..................................

Palulis v*. Ragen ................................

Paramount Pictures v. United States ..............

Parker v. Illinois .....................

813,816,840

Parker, O'Loughlin v ........ ...........

824,841,862

Pasela v. Fenno .............

................... 857

Paterno v. Lyons ............

................... 314

Patton v. Baldwin Locomotive Works ...........

835

Peabody v. Nierstheimer.

................... 82 1

Peel v. Ragen ...............

................... 838

Pennsylvania, Calderbank v.. ...................

851

Pennsylvania, Carmelo v ..... ................... 860

Pennsylvania, Turner v ...... ................... 858

Pennsylvania, Uveges v ...... ................... 836

Pennsylvania R. Co., Briggs v. ................... 304

Perkins, Trustees of Monroe Ave. Church v ........ 813

Peters v. United States ..........................

860

Petro v. Heinze ................................

842

Phyle v. Duffy .............................

431,862

Pierce, In re ...............................

831,862

Piorkowski, In re...............................

826

Pittsburgh-Des Moines Steel Co. v. Moran......... 846

Polk v. United States ...........................

859

Portage Township, Full Salvation Union v ......... 830

Porter Royalty Pool v. Commissioner .............

833

Pownall v. United States ........................

742

Price v. Johnston ...............................

266

Provident Life & Accident Ins. Co., Anderson v ..... 846

Provident Life & Accident Ins. CoCoca-Cola Co. v. 846

Public Service Comm'n, Quigley v ................

828

Public Service Comm'n of New York v. S. E. C ..... 838

Putnam v. Illinois ..............................

822

Quigley v. Public Service Comm'n ................

828

XL

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

Quon v. Commissioner ...... .................... 845

Ragen, Baronia v ...........

.................... 823

Ragen, Baugh v ............

.................... 822

Ragen,1Berry v .............. .................... 838

Ragen, Bloom v ............

.................... 848

Ragen, Davis v .............

.................... 824

Ragen, Dennis v ............

.................... 861

Ragen, Fife v ..............

.................... 842

Ragen, Grant v ............

.................... 861

Ragen, Hanson v ........... .................... 849

Hagen, Heard v ............

.................... 830

Ragen, Jones v .............

....................

852

Ragen, Kallas v ............

....................

824

Ragen, Kill v ..............

.................... 849

Ragen, Kruse v ............

....................

827

Ragen, Mack v .............

....................

8 13

Ragen, Meyers v ...........

..... .............. 852

Ragen, Minor v............

....................

822

Ragen, Murphy v .......... .................... 861

Ragen, Nelson v ...........

.................... 823

Ragen, Palulis v ............

.............. ...... 847

Ragen, Peel v .......................

........... 838

Ragen, Reed v ......................

........... 851

Ragen, Reynolds v ...................

...........

823

Ragen, Richardson v .................

........... 847

Ragen, Robinson v ..................

........... 851

Ragen, Simmons v ..................

........... 824

Ragen, Smith v .....................

........... 830

Ragen, Spencer v ....................

........... 817

Ragen, Starks v ..................... ........... 821

Ragen, Stoker v .....................

............ 842

Ragen, Trimarco v ...................

........... 841

Ragen, Volkman v ...................

........... 861

Ragen, Washington v ................. ........... 852

Ragen, Wehr v ......................

........... 861

Ragen, Young v .....................

...........

810

Randolph v. Missouri-K.-T. R. Co ..... .......... .818

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

Rawls v. United States ..........................

848

Reconstruction Finance Corp., New Haven R. Co. v. 811

Reconstruction Finance Corp., Samett v ...........

812

Redding v. Los Angeles ...................... 825, 854

Reed v. Ragen .................................

851

Republic Natural Gas Co. v. Oklahoma ............

62

Reynolds v. Ragen .............................

823

Reynolds, Whitin Machine Works v ...............

844

Reynolds Metals Co. v. Skinner ..................

858

Rheim v. New York .............................

829

Richardson v. Ragen ............................

847

Rieke v. United States ..........................

826

Ring Construction Corp., Floyd v ................

838

Ritchie v. Drier ................................

860

Riverside Cement-Qo., Federal Trade Comm'n v .... 839

Robinson v. Ragen ..............................

851

Rockower v. New York ..........................

829

Rodd v. United States ...........................

815

Romney v. United States ........................

847

Ross v. United States ...........................

832

Rust, Littleton v ...............................

893

Ruthven v. Overholser ..........................

842

Saia v. New York ..............................

558

Samett v. Reconstruction Finance Corp ...........

812

Sanders v. Johnston ............................

829

Sanford, Exkano v ..............................

821

Sarasota Tax Collector, Burrows v ................

817

Schaefer, W etzel v ..............................

827

Schatte v. Alliance of Stage Employees ............

812

Schectman v. New York .........................

823

Schine Chain Theatres v. United States ....... 110, 830

Schmitt v. Wilder ..............................

809

Schnell v. United States .........................

833

Schuman v. Heinze .............................

829

Schunke v. Heinze ..............................

817

Schwabacher v. United States ...............

182, 814

Scott v. Johnston ...............................

829

XLII

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

Sebeka Village, Land 0' Lakes Dairy Co. v ......... 844

Secretary of National Defense, Lincoln Co. v ....... 841

Secretary of the Navy, Hilton v ..................

323

Securities & Exchange Comm'n, Caplan v ..........

846

Securities & Exchange Comm'n, P. S. Comm'n v.... 838

Securities & Exchange Comm'n, Vanneck v ........ 846

Seiler, In re ...................

826

Shaffer v. Illinois ................................

853

Shapero v. Commissioner ........................

844

Shapiro v. Shapiro ..............................

859

Shaw , D idato v .................................

842

Shelley v. Kraem er .............................

.1

Sherrer v. Sherrer ...............................

343

Shockley v. United States .......................

850

Shotkin v. Edison, Inc ..........................

861

Shotkin v. Kaplan ..............................

857

Sikora Realty Corp. v. Woods ....................

840

Silas Mason Co., Kennedy v .....................

249

Simmons v. Ragen ..............................

824

Sinnott v. South Dakota .........................

844

Sipes, McGhee v ...............................

1

Skinner, Reynolds Metals Co. v ...................

858

Smith, Federal Trade Comm'n v ..................

839

Smith v. Heinze ................................

823

Smith v. Hudspeth .....

...................

841

Smith, M ontague v .............................

839

Smith v. Ragen ................................

830

Smyl v. Martin ..........................

..... 819

Smyth, Haughey v ..............................

853

Sobel Corrugated Box Co. v. Fleming ..............

815

Solis v. Clemmer ...............................

860

South Carolina, Harris v .........................

837

South Dakota, Sinnott v ........................

844

Southern Fireproofing Co. v. United States ......... 742

South Texas Lumber Co., Commissioner v ......... 813

Spencer v. Ragen ...............................

817

Spruill v. Campbell .............................

830

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

XLIII

Page

Squier, Kelly v .................................

849

Stage Employees, Schatte v .....................

812

Stanolind Oil & Gas Co., Trosclair v ...............

820

Starks v. R agen ................................

821

State. See name of State.

State Prison Custodian, Wade v ..................

672

State Tax Collector v. American Barge Line Co ..... 859

State Tax Collector v. Mississippi Barge Line Co... 859

Stein v. United States ...........................

844

Stewart, Asbell v ................................

851

Stewart, Bailey v ...............................

822

Stewart, Beason v ..............................

852

Stewart, Bennett v ............................

848

Stewart, Boone v ...........................

... 823

Stewart, Greco v ...............................

817

Stewart, Haley v ...............................

860

Stewart, Johnson v ............................

851

Stewart, Lyle v ................................

852

Stewart, Miller v ...............................

817

Stoker v. R agen ................................

842

Story v. Oklahom a .............................

852

Stowe Spinning Co. v. Labor Board ..............

831

Stowe Spinning Co., Labor Board v ...............

831

Stuart. Franklin Life Ins. Co. v ...................

816

Sullivan, H ilton v..............................

323

Sunswick Corp., United States v ..................

827

Superintendent of Insurance v. United States ...... 816

Superior Court of California, Amer v ..............

813

Superior Court of California, Kim v ..............

813

Superior Portland Cement Co., Trade Comm'n v .... 839

Supreme Court of Kansas, Crebs v ................

818

Suwannee Fruit & Steamship Co., Lawson v ........ 857

Sweigert, Kissinger v ............................

817

Swenson, Holiday v ............................

822

Takahashi v. Fish & Game Comm'n ...............

410

T all v. Illinois .................................

818

Tarrant, Finley v ...........................

810, 835

XLIV

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

Tate v. Heinze ...........................

842

Taurisano v. New York .........................

840

Tax Collector, Burrows v ........................

817

Teamsters Union v. Denver Milk Producers ........ 809

Temporary Controls Adm'r, Sobel Box Co. v ....... 815

Texas, Lucas v .................................

852

Texas, Tinsley v ................................

815

Theatrical Stage Employees, Schatte v ............

812

Thomas v. H unter ..............................

817

Thomas A. Edison, Inc., Shotkin v ................

861

Thompson, Eubanks v .........................

854

Thompson v. Nierstheimer .......................

850

Thompson v. United States ......................

850

Time, Inc. v. Hartmann .... ................

838

Tinkoff v. Illinois ex rel. Chicago Bar Assn .... 833, 862

Tinsley v. Texas ................................

815

Tivoli Realty, Interstate Circuit v ................

837

Toomer, Huggins v .............................

847

Toomer v. Witsell ...............................

385

Townsend v. Burke .............................

736

Township. See name of township.

Trade Commission. See Federal Trade Commission.

Trimarco v. Ragen ..............................

841

Trosclair v. Stanolind Oil Co .....................

820

Truman, Everett v .............................

824

Trupiano v. United States .......................

699

Trust Company of Chicago v. Erie R. Co .........

845

Trustees of Monroe Ave. Church v. Perkins........ 813

Trust of Andrus v. Commissioner .................

825

Tudryck v. M artin ... ... . .....................

819

Turner v. M issouri .............................

853

Turner v. Pennsylvania .........................

858

Union Barge Line Corp., Ott v ...................

859

United Artists Corp. v. United States ..............

131

United Carbon Co., De Stubner v .................

829

United States. See also U. S. ex rel.

United States, Alexander Wool Co. v ..............

742

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

XLV

Page

United States, Allred v .....................

..... 131

United States, American Theatres Assn. v ..... ..... 131

United States, Barsky v.

................... 843

United States, Blair v ...........................

830

United States v. California ..................

825, 855

United States, Capitol Meats v ...................

812

United States v. Cold Metal Process Co ........ 811,835

United States, Columbia Pictures Corp. v ..........

131

United States v. Columbia Steel Co ...........

495,862

United States, Davis v ..........................

849

United States, Deer v ...........................

859

United States, Dineen v .........................

816

United States v. Felin & Co ......................

624

United States, Foreign Trade Co. v ..........

831,832

United States, Garland v ........................

813

United States, Ghadiali v .......................

821

United States, Goodwin v .......................

828

United States, Gray v .. .....................

853

United States v. Griffith ......................

100

United States, Guinness ..v.. ...................

819

United States, Hall v ... ......................

853

United States, Harang v ........................

811

United States, Hilliard v .......................

854

United States, Holloway v ....................

852

United States v. Kansas City Ins. Co ..............

810

United States, King v ..........................

848

United States, Klapprott v .......................

818

United States, Lapka v .........................

818

United States, Lichter v .........................

742

United States, Locke v ..........................

837

United States, Loew's, Inc. v .....................

131

United States, Lowev ............................

826

United States, M arzani v ........................

858

United States, McDowell v ......................

821

United States, .McGough v ..................

829, 854

United States, M ellon v .........................

835

United States; M iller v .....................

820, 854

XLVI

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

United States, Montgomery v .................... 834

United States, M oore v ......................... 849

United States v. National City Lines .......... 573, 862

United States, Nebraska v ....................... 815

United States, Neumaticos Goodyear v ........... 838

United States v. Paramount Pictures ............. 131

United States, Peters v. ............................ 860

United States, Polk v ........................... 859

United States, Pownall v ........................ 742

United States, Rawls v .......................... 848

United States, Riekev .......................... 826

United States, Rodd v .............. ............ 815

United States, Romney v ........................ 847

United States, Ross v ........................... 832

United States, Schine Chain Theatres v........ 110, 830

United States,'Schnell v ......................... 833

United States, Schwabacher v ............... 182, 814

United States, Shockley v ....................... 850

United States, Stein v ..................... ..... 844

United States v. Sunswick Corp .................. 827

United States, Thompson'v ...................... 850

United States, Trupiano v ....................... 699

United States, United Artists Corp. v ............. 131

United States v. U. S. District Court .......... 258, 831

United States, Universal Corp. v ................. 131

United States, Upshaw v ........................ 842

United States, Virgin v ............. :........... 834

United States, Watson v ....................I..... 850

United States, W ilson v ......................... 838

United States, Young v.....................

859

United States v. Zazove ......................... 602

U. S. District Court, United States v .......... 258,831

U. S. District Court, White v .................... 826

U. S. District Judge, Hazeltine Corp. v ........ 819, 862

U. S. Employees' Comm'n, O'Loughlin v.. 824, 841,862

U. S. Employees' Comp. Comm'n v. Suwannee Co.. 857

U. S. ex rel. Ackermann v. O'Rourke .............. 858

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

XLVII

U. S. ex rel. Pasela v. Fenno ......................

857

U. S. Time Corp., General Time Corp. v ..........

846

Universal Atlas Cement Co., Trade Comm'n v ...... 839

Universal Corp. v. United States .................

131

Upshaw v. United States .......................

842

Urciolo v. Hodge ...............................

24

Utecht, Baker v ...............................

842

Uveges v. Pennsylvania .........................

836

Vail Mfg. Co. v. Labor Board ....................

845

Vanneck v. Securities & Exchange Comm'n ........ 846

Village. See name of village.

Viola v. Ohio ..................................

816

Virgin v. United States ..........................

834

Volkman v. Ragen ..............................

861

W ade v. M ayo .................................

672

Waite v. Overlade ..............................

812

W alker v. M aryland ........................

817, 842

Ward v. Heinze..............

...........

849

Warehousemen Union v. Denver Milk Producers... 809

W ashington v. Ragen ...........................

852

W asson, Garlington v ...........................

827

Watkins v. Indiana .............................

834

Watson v. United States .........................

850

Wehr v. R agen .................................

861

W elch, M orton v ...............................

848

West v. Oklahoma Tax Comm'n................... 717

W est Virginia, M arinitsis v ......................

837

West Virginia Pulp & Paper Co., Cone v ...........

827

Wetzel v. Schaefer ..............................

827

White v. U. S. District Court .....................

826

Whitin Machine Works v. Reynolds ..............

844

Wilder, Schmitt v ..............................

809

William Goldman Theatres, Loew's Inc. v ..........

811

W illiams v. New York ..........................

823

W illis v. H unter ................................

848

Wilson v. Illinois ...............................

848

W ilson v. United States .........................

838

XLVIII TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.
Wisconsin v. Illinois ............................ Witsell, Toom er v .............................. Woodrough, Brictson v .......................... W oods v. Hills ............................. Woods, McRae v ............................... Woods, Sikora Realty Corp. v .................... Yarbrough v. Oklahoma Tax Comm'n ............. Young v. Ragen ................................ Young v. United States ......................... Zazove, United States v .........................

Page
855 385 849 210, 856 830 840 841 810 859 602

TABLE OF CASES
Cited in Opinions

Page

Aaron v. Bay Ridge Co., 162

F. 2d 665

453

Abernathy, Ex parte, 320

U. S. 219

687

A. B. Kirschbaum Co. v.

Walling, 316 U. S. 517 461

Adair v. United States, 208

U. S. 161

90

Adams v. McCann, 317

U. S.269

279,

282,284, 295, 298,695

Adams Mfg. Co. v. Storen,

304 U. S. 307

663

Adamson v. California, 332

U. S. 46

439

Addison v. Huron Corp., 69

F. Supp. 956

453

Adkins v. Children's Hospi-

tal, 261 U. S. 525

90

A. D. Walker & Co. v.

United States, 105 Ct. Cl.

553

648

A. F. of L. v. Swing, 312

U. S. 321

17,20

A. F. of L. v. Watson, 327

U. S. 582

392, 394

Afriat v. Afriat, 61 Nev. 321 381

Agnello v. United States,

269 U. S. 20 704,712,714

Ah Chong, In re, 2 F. 733 418

Aircraft & Diesel Corp. v.

Hirsch, 331 U. S. 752 753,

774,791

A. L. A. Schechter Co. v.

United States, 295 U. S.

495

784

Alaska Packers Assn. v. Comm'n, 294 U. S. 532 358

Alexander v. Mayor, 5-

Cranch 1

622

Alexander Wool Co. v.

United States, 334 U. S.

742

841

792588 0-48---4

Page

Allen v. Oklahoma City, 175

Okla. 421

13

Alma Motor Co. v. Timken-

Detroit Co., 329 U. S. 129 30

American Fed. of Labor v.

Swing, 312 U. S. 321 17,20

American Fed. of Labor v. Watson, 327 U. S. 582 392, 394

American Power Co. v. S. E. C., 329 U. S. 90 785

American Ry. Express Co.

v. Kentucky, 273 U. S.

269

15

American Surety Co. v. Baldwin, 287 U. S. 156 319, 350

American Tobacco Co. v.

United States, 328 U. S.

781

107, 129, 173,

235,236, 238,506,525

Amos v. United States, 255

U. S. 313

707,712

Anderson v. Mt. Clemens Co., 328 U. S. 680 449, 478
Andrews v. Andrews, 188

U. S. 14

352,358, 359

Andrews v. Andrews, 176

Mass. 92

362

Andrews v. Swartz, 156 U. S.

272

694

Argent Lumber Co. v.

Query, 178 S. C. 1

392

Arkadelphia Co. v. St. Louis

S. W. R. Co,, 249 U. S.

134

238

Armour & Co. v. Bowles,

148 F. 2d 529 634, 635, 636

Armour & Co. v. Brown, 137

F. 2d 233

629

Aschenbrenner v. U. S. Fi-

delity Co., 292 U. S. 80 610,

611

XLIX

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Ashcraft v. Tennessee, 322

U. S. 143

17

Ashwander v. T. V. A., 297

U. S. 288

71

Asselta v. 149 Madison Ave.

Corp., 156 F. 2d 139 446 Associated Press v. United

States, 326 U. S. 1 166, 522

Atchison, T. & S. F. R. Co.

v. Comm'n, 283 U. S. 380 207

Atkinson v. Va. Oil Co., 72

W. Va. 707

94

Attorney General v. Cleave,

2 Dowl. P. C. 668

282

Attorney General v. Hunt,

9 Price 147

282

Attorney General v. Marti-

neau, 149 Ark. 237

693

Bacon v. Walker, 204 U. S.

311

93,95

Baker v. Grice, 169 U. S. 284 691

Bakery Drivers Local v.

Wohl, 315 U. S. 769

17

Baldwin v. Missouri, 281

U. S. 586

572

Baldwin v. Traveling Men's

Assn., 283 U. S. 522 348,350 Baltimore & 0. R. Co. v:

Kepner, 314 U. S. 44 596,597 Bandini Petroleum Co. v.

Superior Court, 284 U. S.

8

94,95

Bank of Italy v. Johnson,

200 CaL 1

443

Barber v. Barber, 21 How.

582

545

Barber v. Barber, 323 U. S.

77

549

Barber v. United States, 142

F. 2d 805

285

Barnard v. Gibson, 7 How.

650

68

Bassett v. Bassett, 141 F. 2d

954

548

Bayside Fish Co. v. Gentry,

297 U. S. 422 405,418,428

Beasley v. Texas & P. R.

Co., 191 U. S. 492

35

Bell v. Bell, 181 U. S. 175 349"

Bell v. United States, 129 F.

2d 290

285

Benns v. Mosley, 2 C. B.

(N. S.) 116

282

Page

Betts v. Brady, 316 U. S.

455

684,685, 730, 739

Betz, Ex parte, 329 U. S.

672

824,826,836,857

B. F. Goodrich Co. v. Tram-

mell, 140 Fla. 500

349

Bigelow v. RKO Pictures,

327 U. S. 251

233,644

Billings v. United States,

232 U. S. 261

781

Binderup v. Path6 Ex-

change, 263 U. S.291 233

Blackstone v. Miller, 188

U. S. 189

548

Blair v. Durham, 139 F. 2d

260

310,311

Blake v. McClung, 172 U. S.

239

397

Blythe v. Hinckley, 180

U. S. 333

417,428

Board of Comm'rs v. Lucas,

93 U. S. 108

68

Board of County Comm'rs

v. Seber, 318 U. S. 705 726

Bob-Lo Excursion Co. v.

Michigan, 333 U. S. 28 661, 667

Bollman, Ex parte, 4 Cranch

75

281,300

Boske v. Comingore, 177

U. S. 459

693

Boston Chamber of Com-

merce v. Boston, 217 U. S.

189

630

Bothwell v. United States,

254 U. S. 231

647

Bowen v. Johnston, 306

U. S. 19

694

Bowles v. Willingham, 321

U. S. 503

214,645,767

Boyce's Executors v.

Grundy, 9 Pet. 275 306,311

Boyd v. United States, 116

U. S. 616

712

Brandt v. United States, 333

U. S. 836 824, 826, 836,857

Bridges v. California, 314

U. S. 252

18, 20, 21

Briggs v. Penn. R. Co., 164

F. 2d 21

307

Brinkerhoff-Faris Co. v.

Hill, 281 U. S. 673

15, 16

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Broderick v. Rosner, 294

U. S. 629

355

Brooklyn Bank v. O'Neil,

324 U. S. 697

460

Brooks-Scanlon Corp. v.

United States, 265 U. S.

106

630, 644, 648

Brown v. Mississippi, 297

U. S. 278

17

Brown v. New Jersey, 175

U. S. 172

440

Bruce v. Tobin, 245 U. S. 18 68

Brushaber v. Union Pac. R.

Co., 240 U. S. 1

781

Buchanan v. Warley, 245

U. S. 60

10-12,21,29,33

Burroughs v. Peyton, 16

Gratt. 470

757

Burrus, In re, 136 U. S. 586 364

Burt v. Union Central Ins.

Co., 187 U. S. 362

35

Bute v. Illinois, 333 U. S.

640

731,739

Butte City Water Co. v.

Baker, 196 U. S. 119

93

Byars v. United States, 273

U. S. 28

707,712

Cabunac v. Nat. Terminals

Corp., 139 F. 2d 853

469

Cagfeeltoesr,ia32E0mUp.loSy.ees v. An-

293

17

Calder v. Bull, 3 Dall. '386 90 Caldwell v. Texas, 137 U. S.

692

320

Calvert v. Calvert, 61 Nev.

168

383

Campbell v. California, 200

U. S. 87

93

Canizio v. New York, 327

U. S. 82

319

Cantwell v. Connecticut,

310 U. S. 296 17,21,560,564

Carlesi v. New York, 233

U. S. 51

732

Carondelet Co. v. Louisiana,

233 U. S. 362

68,79

Carroll v. United States, 267

U. S.132

704,

705,708, 712-714, 716

Carter v. Carter Coal Co.,

298 U. S.238

230

Carter v. Illinois, 329 U. S.

173

439,440

Page

Carter v. Texas, 177 U. S.

442

15

Catlin v. United States, 324

U. S. 229

69,83,84

Cedar Rapids Gas Co. v.

Cedar Rapids, 223 U. S.

655

639

Central Union Tel. Co. v.

Edwardsville, 269 U. S.

190

696

Central Union Trust Co. v. Garvan, 254 U. S.554 767

C. E. Stevens Co. v. Foster

& Kleiser, 311 U. S. 255 233,

236

Chalker v. B. & N. W. R.

Co., 249 U. S. 522 396, 397

Chambers v. Florida, 309

U. S. 227

17

Chamblin v. Chamblin, 55

Nev. 146

383

Champlin Rfg. Co. v.

Comm'n, 286 U. S. 210 86, 94

Chaplinsky v. New Hamp-

shire, 315 U. S. 568

563

Chicago, B. & Q. R. Co. v. Chicago, 166 U. S. 226 15, 18

Chicago Life Ins. Co. v. Cherry, 244 U. S. 25 348, 350

Chicago, R. I. & P. R. Co.

v. Sturm, 174 U. S. 710 548

Chickaming v. Carpenter,

106 U. S. 663

263

Chicot County Dist. v. Bax-

ter Bank, 308 U. S. 371 350,

367

Chirac v. Chirac, 2 Wheat.

259

428

Chisholm v. Chisholm, 98

Fla. 1196

349

Choteau v. Burnet, 283 U. S.

691

721

Chy Lung v. Freeman, 92

U. S. 275

419

City. See name of city.

City Bank v. Hunter, 152

U. S. 512

264

Civil Rights Cases, 109 U. S.

3

13,14

Clark v. Nash, 198 U. S. 361 93, 95

Clark v. Smith, 3 C. B. 982 282

rI, : fly ri C..Tfl Cl * CNTICI rNTrTrr~.

LII

1ADL. VV' U.AOEO %-A J .V-I.).

Page

Clark v. Williard, 292 U. S.

112

83

Clark v. Williard, 294 U. S.

211

68,548

Clarke v. Deckebach, 274

U. S. 392

429

Clason v. Matko, 223 U. S.

646

93

Cleveland, C., C. & St. L.

R. Co. v. United States,

275 U. S.404

209

Clinard v. Winston-Salem,

217 N. C. 119

13

Cloverleaf Butter Co. v.

Patterson, 315 U. S. 148 238

Cobbett, Ex parte, 3 H. &

N. 155

282

Coe v. Coe, 334 U. S. 378 334,.

374, 544 Coe v. Errol, 116 U. S. 517 395

Cohen v. Cohen, 319 Mass.

31

383

Cole v. Arkansas, 333 U. S.

196

320

Cole v. Cole, 96 N. J. Eq.

206

355

Cole v. Maunder, 2 Roll.

Abr. 548

639

Collingwood v. Pace, 1 Vent.

413

428

Collins v. McDonald, 258

U. S. 416

286

Collins v. Miller, 252 U. S.

364

72

Commonwealth v. Davis,

162 Mass. 510

568

Commonwealth v. Peaslee,

177 Mass. 267

105

Commonwealth ex rel. Fos-

ter v. Ashe, 336 Pa. 238 734

Commonwealth ex rel. Mc-

Glinn v. Smith, 344 Pa.

41

730,735,739

Commonwealth ex rel.

Withers v. Ashe, 350 Pa.

493

730,735,739

Confer v. District Court, 49

Nev. 18

383

Consolidated Edison Co. v. Labor Board, 305 U. S.

197

236,443

Converse, In re, 137 U. S.

624

320

Page

Cook v. Hart, 146 U. S. 183 690

Cooley v. Board of Wai'd-

ens, 12 How. 299

230, 232

Coppage v. Kansas, 236

U.S. 1

90

Cornell Steamboat Co. v. Sohmer, 235 U. S. 549 656, 662, 668,670

Cornell Steamboat Co. v.

United States, 321 U. S.

634

662,668

Cornish v. O'Donoghue, 58

App. D. C. 359

29

Corn Products Co. v. Trade Comm'n, 324 U. S. 726 46,57

Corrigan v. Buckley, 271

U. S. 323

8,13,29,31

Corrigan v. Buckley, 55

App. D. C. 30

29

Corzelius v. Harrell, 143

Tex. 509

95

County. See name of

county.

Covington & C. Bridge Co.

v. Kentucky, 154 U. S.

204

659

Cox v. New Hampshire, 312

U. S. 569

561, 566,568,571,572

Craig v. Harney, 331 U. S.

367

18

Craig v. Hecht, 263 U. S.

255

695

Crane, Ex parte, 5 Pet. 190 263

Crew Levick Co. v. Pennsylvania, 245 U. S. 292 663
Cromwell v. Sac County, 94

U. S. 351

367

Cuddy, Petitioner, 131 U. S.

280

286

Curry v. McCanless, 307

U. S. 357

548

Dartmouth College v.

Woodward, 4 Wheat. 518 360

Davis v. Davis, 305 U. S.

32

351,355, 358, 544

Davis v. Massachusetts, 167

U. S. 43

561,568

Davis v. Texas, 139 U. S.

651

320

Davis v. Wechsler, 263 U. S.

22

550

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

LIII

Page

Dayton-Goose Creek R. Co.

v. United States, 263 U. S.

456

192,784,788

Delaware, L. & W. R. Co. v.

Rellstab, 276 U. S. 1 263,264

De Meerleer v. Michigan,

329 U. S. 663

17,697

Denison, In re, 38 F. 2d 662 719

Dent v. West Virginia, 129

U. S. 114

440

De Witt v. United States,

298 F. 182

311

Donnelly v. State, 26 N. J.

L. 463, 601

284,300

Dorsey v. Gill, 80 U. S. App.

D. C. 9

293,301

Downer v. Dunaway, 53 F.

2d 586

697

Driscoll v. Edison Co., 307

U. S. 104

441

Duncan, In re, 139 U. S. 449 319

Duncan v. Kahanamoku,

327 U. S. 304

440

Dye v. Dolbeck, 114 Fla.

866

349

E. A. Levy Co. v. Siegel, 258

U. S. 242

786

E a s t e r n States Lumber

Assn. v. United States,

234 U. S. 600

522

Eastman Co. v. Southern

Co., 273 U. S. 359

578-

580, 582, 590

East New York Bank v.

Hahn, 326 U. S. 230

407

Eichel, In re, 333 U. S. 865 825,

826,836,857

Eichholz v. Comm'n, 306

U. S. 268

660

Elliott v. Pardee, 149 Cal.

516

442

Ellis v. Union Pac. R. Co.,

329 U. S. 649

854

Employers' Liability Cases,

207 U. S. 463

230

Endo, Ex parte, 323 U. S.

283

425

Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins,

304 U. S. 64

17,313

Esenwein v. Esenwein, 325

U. S. 279

543,544,551

Estin v. Estin, 334 U. S.

541

383,555, 557

Page

Estin v. Estin, 296 N. Y.

308

557

Ethyl Gasoline Corp. v.

United States, 309 U. S.

436

157

Evans v. Evans, 141 Fla.

860

345

Everette v. Petteway, 131

Fla. 516

349

Ewing v. Leavenworth, 226

U. S: 464 656,661,668,670 Ex parte. See name of

party.

Fairmont Creamery Co. v. Minnesota, 275 U. S. 70 262,

306

Fall v. Eastin, 215 U. S. 1 358 Fallbrook Irrigation Dist. v.
Bradley, 164 U. S. 112 93,95

Fashion Originators' Guild v. Comm'n, 312 U. S. 457 522

Federal Power Comm'n v.

Hope Gas Co., 320 U. S.

591

92,786

Federal Trade Comm'n. See Trade Comm'n.

Ferguson v. Ford Co., 77 F.

Supp. 425

588

Ferrer v. Waterman Corp.,

70 F. Supp. 1

469

Ferry v. Spokane, P. &S. R.

Co., 258 U. S. 314

93

Fischer v. American Ins.

Co., 314 U. S. 549

548

Fishgold v. Sullivan Corp.,

328 U. S. 275

330,340

Fong Yue Ting v. United

States, 149 U. S. 698 416

Ford v. Nassau, 9 M. & W.

793

282

Forgay v. Conrad, 6 How.

201

68,71,79

Forsyth v. Hammond, 166

U. S. 506

350

Foster v. Ashe, 336 Pa. 238 734

Foster v. Illinois, 332 U. S.

134

807

Foster-Fountain Co. v. Hay-

del, 278 U. S. 1

404,

405,409,421

Fowler v. Fowler, 156 Fla.

316

345

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Fox v. Stapdard Oil Co., 294

U. S.87

441

Fox Film Corp. v. Doyal,

286 U. S.-123

158

Frank v. Mangum, 237 U. S.

309

16,690, 692,693.

Fraser v. McConway & Tor-

ley, 82 F. 257

419

Frederich, In re, 149 U. S.

70

690

Freeman v. Hewit, 329 U. S.

249

'663

Frick v. Webb, 263 U. S.

326

422

Gaines v. Canada, 305 U. S.

. 337

22

Galveston, H. & S. A. R. Co. v. Texas, 210 U. S. 217 659,

661

Gandolfo v. Hartman, 49 F.

181

35

Geer v. Connecticut, 161

U. S. 519

.400,404,421

Glasgow v. Moyer, 225 U. S.

420

694

Globe Indemnity Co. v. Bruce, 81 F. 2d 143 719,723

Glover v. Atlanta, 148 Ga.

285

12

Go-Bart Importing Co. v.

United States, 282 U. S.

344

704,705,714

Goldsmith v. Sanford, 318

U. S.762, 799

300

Goldsmith v. Sanford, 132

F. 2d 126

284,300

Goodrich Co. v. Trammell,

140 Fla. 500

349

Goodyear Tire Co. v. Trade Comm'n, 101 F. 2d 620 .43
Gordon v. Scudder, 163 F.

2d 518

688

Gospel Army v. Los Argeles,

331 U. S. 543

77,78

Goto v. Lane, 265 U. S.393 690,

695

Gouled v. United States, 255

U. S.298

712

Grady v. Garland, 67 App.

D. C. 73

29

Graham v. West Virginia,

224 U. S.616

732

Page

Grays Harbor Co. v. Coats-

Fordney Co., 243 U. S.

251

68,83

Green v. -Chicago, S. & C.

R. Co., 49 F. 907

311

Griffin v. Griffin, 327 U. S.

220

549

Grimley, In re, 137 U. S. 147 758
Gulf Oil Corp. v. Gilbert, 330 U. S. 501 581,596,597

Gulf Rfg. Co. v. United

States, 269 U. S. 125

82

Gumbel v. Pitkin, 113 U. S.

545

68

Guy v. Utecht, 144 F. 2d

913

688

Haavik v. Alaska Packers

Assn., 263 U. S. 510 400, 428

Haddock v. Haddock, 201

U. S. 562

356,365

Hagerman v. Moran, 75 F.

. 97

311

Hague v. C. I. 0., 307 U. S.

496

560, 561,563,568

Haley v. Ohio, 332 U. S. 596 738

Hamilton v. Kentucky Distilleries Co., 251 U. S. 146 767

Hammer v. Dagenhart, 247

U. S. 251

230, 233

Hampton Co. v. United

States, 276 U. S. 394 785

Hanley, Ex parte, 322 U. S.

708

688

Hanley v. Kansas City So.

R. Co., 187 U. S. 617 656,

658,667 Hanover v. Turner, 14

Mass. 227

361

Hansberry v. Lee, 311 U. S.

32

9, 15, 16, 549

Harmon v. Tyler, 273 U. S.

668

12,29

Harris v. Balk, 198 U. S. 215 548

Harris v. United States, 331

U. S. 145 704,708,712,714 Hatch v. Reardon, 204 U. S.

152

565

Hauenstein v. Lynham, 100

U. S. 483

417,428

Hawk, Ex parte, 321 U. S.

114

679,686-

688, 690, 692-695, 698

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Hawk v. Olson, 326 U. S.

271

690

Hazel-Atlas Glass' Co. v.

Hartford Co., 322 U. S.

238

306

Head v. Amoskeag Co., 113

U. S. 9

93,95

Heim v. McCall, 239 U. S.

175

430

Heiser v. Woodruff, 327

U. S. 726

350

Heisler v. Thomas Colliery

Co., 260 U. S. 245

395

Helvering v. Mountain Pro-

ducers Co., 303 U. S. 376 726

Herb v. Pitcairn, 324 U. S.

117

805

Herndon v. Lowry, 301

U. S. 242

697,730,737

Herrick v. Herrick, 55 Nev.

59

547

Herzog v. Colpoys, 79 U. S.

App. D. C. 81

688

Higgins Oil Co. v. Guaranty

Oil Co., 145 La. 233

94

Himely v. Rose, 5 Cranch

313

306,311

Hines v. Davidowitz, 312

U. S. 52

419

Hirabayashi v. United

States, 320 U. S. 81 30, 767

Hitchman Coal Co. v.

Mitchell, 245 U. S. 229 117

Hodge v. Huff, 78 U. S.

App. D. C. 329

286

Hogan v. Court of General

Sessions, 296 N. Y. 1 319 Hogan v. N. Y. Supreme

Court, 295 N. Y. 92

319

Holiday v. Johnston, 313

U. S. 342

292

Homan v. Homan, 144 Fla.

371

346

Home Tel. & Tel. Co. v. Los

Angeles, 227 U. S. 278 15, 19

Hope Natural. Gas Co. v.

Hall, 274 U. S. 284

395

Hopkins v. United States,

171 U. S.578

230

Hopt v. Utah, 110 U. S. 574 285

House v. Mayo, 324 U. S. 42 687

House v. State, 130 Fla. 400 689

Page

Houston, E. & W. T. R. Co.

v. United States, 234

U. S. 342

231

Hovey v. Elliott, 167 U. S.

409

15

Howard v. Kentucky, 200

U. S. 164

320

Hundley v. Gorewitz, 77

U. S. App. D. C. 48

29

Hunter v. Wood, 209 U. S.

205

693

Hunter Co. v. McHugh, 320

U. S. 222

94

Hurd v. Hodge, 334 U. S. 24 420

Hutchinson v. Brown, 122

Cal. 189

442

Hysler v. Florida, 315 U. S.

411

689

Indiana Farmer's Guide v.

Prairie Co., 293 U. S. 268 236,

520

Industrial Assn. v. United

States, 268 U. S. 64

234

In re. See name of party.

International Salt Co. v.

United States, 332 U. S.

392

107, 165, 178, 522, 537

International Shoe Co. v.

Trade Comm'n, 280 U. S.

291

56,531

Interstate Circuit v. United

States, 306 U. S.208

142,

144, 160

Irvine v. Clifton Forge, 124

Va. 781

13

Jackman v. Rosenbaum Co.,

260 U. S. 22

95

Jackson v. Irving Trust Co.,

311 U. S. 494

350

Jackson v. State, 132 Md.

311

13

Jacobson v. Massachusetts,

197 U. S. 11

759

Javierre v. Central Alta-

gracia, 217 U. S. 502

45

J. D. Adams Co. v. Storen,

304 U. S. 307

663

Jewell Ridge Corp. v. Local

No. 6167, 325 U. S. 161 460

Johnson v. Haydel, 278 U. S.

16

405

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Johnson v. Mayo, 158 Fla.

264

678, 685

Johnson v. State, 148 Fla.

510

675

Johnson v. United States,

333 U. S.10

705, 706, 716

Johnson v. United States,

163 F. 30

34

Johnston v. Wright, 137 F.

2d 914

303

Jones's Adm'r v. Craig, 127

U. S. 213

72

Joseph v. Carter & Weekes,

330 U. S.422

663

J. W. Hampton Co. v.

United States, 276 U. S.

394

785

Kahn v. Smith, 23 Cal. 2d

12

442

K'aUns.aSs.

v. 46

Colorado,

206

93

Kansas City So. R. Co. v.

Guardian Co., 281 U. S.1 306,

311 Keller v. Potomac Power

Co., 261 U. S.428

31

Kempson v. Kempson, 58

N. J. Eq. 94; 61 N. J. Eq.

303

363

Kendall v. San Juan Mining

Co., 144 U. S.658

93

Kennedy v. Mason Co., 334

U. S.249

291

Kennedy v. Tyler, 269 U. S.

13

687,690,695

Kennett v. Chambers, 14

How. 38

35

Kingan & Co. v. Bowles, 144

F. 2d 253

632,635

Kirk v. Squier, 150 F. 2d 3 303 Kirmeyer v. Kansas, 236

U. S.568

661

Kirschbaum Co. v. Walling,

316 U. S.517

461

Knox Loan Assn. v. Phillips,

300 U. S.194 .

80

Koehler v. Rowland, 275

Mo. 573

19

Kohl v. Lehlback, 160 U. S.

293

286

Korematsu v. United States,

323 U. S.214

30,

413,418, 423,767

Page
Koster v. Am. Casualty Co.,

330 U. S. 518

596,597

Kotch v. Pilot Comm'rs, 330

U. S. 552

418

Kraemer v. Shelley, 355 Mo.

814

6

Kreiger v. Kreiger, 334 U. S.

555

383

Kurtz v. Moffitt, 115 U. S.

487

713

Labor Board v. Express

Pub. Co., 312 U. S. 426 51, 52

Labor Board v. Jones &

Laughlin, 301 U. S. 1

231

Lacoste v. Dept. of Conser-

vation, 263 U. S. 545

395

Lamb v. State, 91 Fla. 396 689

Landsborough v. Kelly, 1

Cal. 2d 739

443

Latterner v. Latterner, 51

Nev. 285

368,381

Lee v. Mississippi, 332 U. S.

742

17

Leeper v. Texas, 139 U. S.

462

320

Lehigh Valley R. Co. v.

Commonwealth, 1 Monag.

45

657

Lehigh Valley R. Co. v.

Pennsylvania, 145 U. S.

192

656, 658, 668, 670

Lehon v. Atlanta, 242 U. S.

53

565

Lessee of Levy v. M'Cartee,

6 Pet. 102

428

Levering & Garrigues Co. v.

Morrin, 289 U. S. 103 234

Levick Co. v. Pennsylvania,

245 U. S. 292

663

Levindale Lead Co. v. Cole-

man, 241 U. S. 432

720

Levy v. M'Cartee, 6 Pet.

102

428

Levy Leasing Co. v. Siegel,

258 U. S. 242

786

Liberty Annex Corp. v. Dal-

las, 289 S. W. 1067

13

License Tax Cases, 5 Wall.

462

35

Lichter v. United States,

334 U. S. 742

841

Lincoln, In re, 202 U. S. 178 690

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

LVII

Page

Lindsley v. Carbonic Gas

Co., 220 U. S. 61

86,94

Local 167 v. United States,

291 U. S. 293

234,596

Lochner v. New York, 198

U. S. 45

90

Loftus v. Illinois, 334 U. S.

804

698

Lombardo v. McDonnell,

153 F. 2d 919

303

Loney, In re, 134 U. S. 372 693

Long v. Benson, 140 F. 2d

195

286

Louisiana & A. R. Co. v.

Pratt, 142 F. 2d 847 307,308

Louisville Gas Co. v. Ky.

Heating Co., 117 Ky. 71 94 Lovelady, Ex parte, 207

S. W. 2d 396

697

Lovelady v. Texas, 333 U. S.

867, 879

697

Lovell v. Griffin, 303 U. S.

444

560,563

Lubetich v. Pollock, 6 F. 2d

237

428

Luxton v. North River Bridge Co., 147 U. S. 337 69, 83

L. Vogelstein & Co. v.

United States, 262 U. S.

337

630,645,652

Lynch v. United States, 292

U. S. 571

611

Lyon v. Harkness, 151 F. 2d

731

688

Lyons v. Goldstein, 290

N. Y. 19

319

Macauley v. Waterman

Corp., 327 U. S. 540

753,

774, 803

Maggio v. Zeitz, 333 U. S.

56

689

Magnolia Petroleum Co. v.

Hunt, 320 U. S. 430 355,545

Maine v. Grand Trunk R. Co., 142 U. S. 217 658, 663

Makowski v. Benson, 158 F.

2d 158

688

Manchester v. Massachu-

setts, 139 U. S. 240

402

Manufacturers Gas Co. v.

Indiana Gas Co., 155 Ind.

461

94

Page

Manufacturers Indemnity

Co. v. Dorgan, 58 F. 945 610

Marbury v. Madison, 1

Cranch 137

263

Marino v. Ragen, 332 U. S.

561

805

Marion & R. V. R. Co. v.

United States, 270 U. S.

280

631

Market Street R. Co. v.

Comm'n, 324 U. S. 548 70, 199

Marron v. United States,

275 U. S. 192 704,712,714

Marsh v. Alabama, 326 U, S.

501

22,562

Martin v. Hunter, 165 F. 2d

215

303

Martin v. Texas, 200 U. S.

316

15

Martinez v. Int. Banking

Corp., 220 U. S. 214

F8

Massachusetts v. Missouri,

308 U. S. 1

600,855

Massachusetts Benefit Assn.

v. Miles, 137 U. S. 689 311,

313

Matter of. See name of

party.
May Dept. Stores Co. v. Labor Board, 326 U. S.

376

52

Maynard v. Hill, 125 U. S.

190

360

Mayo v. Wade, 158 F. 2d

614

685

Mays v. Burgess, 79 U. S.

App. D. C. 343; 80 U. S.

App. D. C. 236

29

McCabe v. Atchison, T. &

S. F. R. Co., 235 U. S. 151 22

McCart v. Indianapolis Wa-

ter Co., 302 U. S. 419

90

McClellan v. Carland, 217

U. S. 268

263

McCollum v. Board of Edu-

cation, 333 U. S. 203

569

McCready v. Virginia, 94

U. S. 391

400,

408,417,420,428

McCulloch v. Maryland, 4

Wheat. 316

723

McCurdy v. United States,

264 U. S. 484

724

LVIII

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

McDonald v. Massachu-

setts, 180 U. S. 311

732

MrGhoc v. Sipes, 334 U. S. 1 26,

813,814 McGlinn v. Smith, 344 Pa.

41

730, 735, 739

McGovern v. New York,

229 U. S. 363

630

McKinley v. United States,

249 U. S. 397

767

McNabb v. United States,

318 U. S. 332

589,738

Meloche v. Meloche, 101

Fla. 659

345

Memphis Natural Gas Co. v. Beeler, 315 U. S. 649 71

Mercoid Corp. v. Mid-Con-

tinent Co., 320 U. S. 661 157 Milch v. United States, 332

U. S. 789 824,826,836,857 Miles v. Illinois Central R.

Co., 315 U. S. 698

596,

597,601

Miller v. Miller, 271 App.

Div. 974; 65 N. Y. S. 2d

696

355

Miller v. Miller, 200 Iowa

1193

548

Milwaukee County v. White

Co., 296 U. S. 268 353,355

Milwaukee & M. R. Co. v.

Soutter, 2 Wall. 440

86

Minnesota v. National Tea

Co., 309 U. S. 551

553

Mississippi Central R. Co.

v. Smith, 295 U. S. 718 68 Missouri v. Holland, 252

U. S. 416

401,421

Missouri ex rel. Gaines v.

Canada, 305 U. S. 337 22 Missouri Pac. R. Co. v.

Stroud, 267 U. S. 404 656, 668 Mitchell v. United States,

267 U. S. 341

647

Monongahela Nay. Co. 'v.

United States, 148 U. S.

312

652

Monsky v. Warden, 163 F..

2d 978

688

Montague & Co. v. Lowry,

193 U. S. 38 233,522, 537 Mooney v. Holohan, 294

U. S. 103

15, 17,287,

288, 319, 686, 687, 692

Page

Moore v. Dempsey, 261

U. S. 86

16,693,697

Moore v. Missouri, 159 U. S.

673

732

Morhous v. N. Y. Supreme

Court, 293 N. Y. 131 319

Morrison v. Work, 266 U. S.

481

36

Morton Salt Co. v. Suppiger

Co., 314 U. S. 488

157

Moss, Inc. v. Trade

Comm'n,. 148 F. 2d 378 45

Mower v. Fletcher, 114 U. S.

127

68

Muschany v. United States,

324 U. S.49

35

Myers v. Bethlehem Corp.,

303 U. S. 41

70

Myers v. Reading Co., 331

U. S. 477

854

National Broadcasting Co.

v. United States, 319 U. S.

190

786

National Labor Relations Board. See Labor Board.

Neagle, In re, 135 U. S. 1 693

Neal v. Delaware, 103 U. S.

370

15

Neptune, The, 1 Hagg.

Adm. 227

486

New England D i v i s i on s

Case, 261 U. S. 184 192, 197

New Jersey Bell Tel. Co. v.

Board, 280 U. S. 338

663

New State Ice Co. v. Lieb-

mann, 285 U. S. 262

96

New York v. Eno, 155 U. S.

89

690

New York Cent. Securities

Corp. v. United States,

287 U. S. 12

200

New York ex rel. Cornell

Co. v. Sohmer, 235 U. S.

549

656, 662,668, 670

New York ex rel. Hatch v.

Reardon, 204 U. S. 152 565

New York ex rel. Whitman

v. Wilson, 318 U. S. 688 440

New York Life Ins. Co. v. Deer Lodge County, 231

U. S. 495

230

New York Life Ins. Co. v.. Dunlevy, 241 U. S. 518 548

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Ng Fung Ho v. White, 259

U. S. 276

439

Nobles v. Georgia, 168 U. S.

398

437,438,443

Norris v. Norris, 200 Minn.

246

355

Northern Pac. R. Co. v. North Dakota, 250 U. S.

135

767

Northern Securities Co. v.

United States, 193 U. S.

197

204,231,531

Nortz v. United States, 294

Tj. S. 317

646

Nusser v. Aderhold, 164 F.

2d 127

688

Ohio v. Thomas, 173 U. S.

276

693

Ohio ex rel. Clarke v. Deckebach, 274 U. S. 392 429

Ohio ex rel. Popovici v.

Agler, 280 U. S. 379

363

Ohio Oil Co. v. Indiana, 177

U. S. 190

94

Oklahoma Tax Comm'n v.

United States, 319 U. S.

598

726

Oliver, In re, 333 U. S. 257 320

Oliver Iron Co. v. Lord, 262

U. S. 172

395

Olsen v. Nebraska, 313 U. S.

236

90

Olson v. United States, 292

U. S. 246

630,644, 652

150 E. 47th St. Corp. v.

Porter, 156 F. 2d 541 214

149 Madison Ave. Corp. v.

Asselta, 331 U. S. 199 458, 461-463,466,488

Opp Cotton Mills v. Adm'r,

312 U. S. 126

443,792

Oregon R. & N. Co. v. Fair-

child, 224 U. S. 510

640

Oscanyan v. Arms Co., 103

U. S. 261

35

Otis & Co. v. S. E. C., 323

U. S. 624

199

Overnight Motor *Co. v. Missel, 316 U. S. 572 460,

461,470, 474

Oyama v. California, 332

U. S. 633

11,

21, 22, 412, 422, 423, 640

Page

Paducah v. East Tenn. Tel.

Co., 229 U. S. 476

72

Palmer v. Connecticut R. &

L. Co., 311 U. S. 544

644

Palmer v. Massachusetts,

308 U. S. 79

207

Panama Rfg. Co. v. Rtyan,

293 U. S. 388

784

Parker v. Brown, 317 U. S.

341

237,244

Parker v. Illinois, 333 U. S.

571

319,696

Parley's Park Mining Co. v.

Kerr, 130 U. S. 256

93

Parmalee v. Morris, 218

Mich. 625

19

Paterno v. Martin, 268 App.

Div. 956

317

Patsone v. Pennsylvania,

232 U. S. 138

400,

417,421,428 Patterson v. Stanolind Co.,

305 U. S. 376

98

Paul v. Virginia, 8 Wall. 168 395, 396

Pennekamp v. Florida, 328

U. S. 331

18

Pennoyer v. Neff, 95 U. S.

714

16,548

Pennsylvania ex rel. Sulli-

van v. Ashe, 302 U. S. 51 732 Pennsylvania Sugar Co. v.
Am. Sugar Co., 166 F. 254 233 People v. Gersewitz, 294

N. Y. 163

319

People v. Paterno, 182 Misc.

491

317

People v. Phyle, 28 Cal. 2d

671

433

People v. Shoffner, 400 Ill.

174

805

People v. Vitolo, 271 App.

Div. 959

321

People v. Wilson, 399 Ill.

437

805

People ex rel. Cornell Co. v.

Sohmer, 235 U. S. 549 656,

662, 668, 670 People ex rel. Paterno v.
Martin, 268 App. Div.

956

317

People ex rel. Wachowicz v.

Martin, 293 N. Y. 361 31.7-321

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Peterson, Ex parte, 253

U. S. 300

181

Phelps Dodge Corp. v. La-

bor Board, 313 U. S. 177 90

Phyle, In re, 30 Cal. 2d 838 437 Phyle v. Duffy, 334 U. S.

431

805

Pierce Oil Corp. v. Phoenix

Co., 259 U. S. 125

82

Pine Hill Coil Co. v. United .

States, 259 U. S. 191

617

Pinkerton v. United States,

328 U. S. 640

124

Pipe Line Cases, 234 U. S.

548

88

Pittsburgh & W. Va. R. Co.

v. I. C. C., 266 U. S. 640;

54 App. D. C. 34

197

Plymouth Coal Co. v. Penn-

sylvania, 232 U. S.531 95

Popovici v. Agler, 280 U. S.

379

363

Porter v. Barrett, 233 Mich.

373

19

Porterfield v. Webb, 263

U. S. 225

422

Potter v. Dowd, 146 F. 2d

244

686

Powell v. Alabama, 287 U. S.

45

17,694

Pownall v. United States,

334 U. S. 742

841

Price v. Johnston, 311 U. S.

703, 729

296

Price v. Johnston, 316 U. S.

677, 712

- 273,296

Price v. Johnston, 323 U. S.

789, 819; 144 F. 2d 260 274,

296 Price v. Johnston, 334 U. S.

266

681,697

Price v. Johnston, 125 F. 2d

806

272,296

Price v. Johnston, 61 F.

Supp. 995

274,275,296

Price v. Moinet, 311 U. S.

703, 729; 116 F. 2d 500 270

Prudential Ins. Co. v. Ben-

jamin, 328 U. S. 408 230, 231

Prudential Ins. Co. v.

Cheek, 259 U. S.530

15

Pyle v. Kansas, 317 U. S.

213

17,287,292

Page

Radio Station WOW v.

Johnson, 326 U. S. 120 68,

71, 78, 79, 81, 84

Railroad Comm'n v. C. B.

& Q. R. Co., 257 U. S. 563 191,

192

Railroad Comm'n v. Rowan

& Nichols Co., 310 U. S.

573

67,98

Railroad Comm'n v. Rowan

& Nichols Co., 311 U. S.

570

67

Railroad Comm'n v. South-

ern Pac. Co., 264 U. S. 331 192

Railroad Retirement Bd. v.

Alton R. Co., 295 U. S.

330

230

Ratterman v. Western

Union Co., 127 U. S. 411 663,

670

Raymond v. Chicago Trac-

tion Co., 207 U. S. 20 15, 19

Regal Drug Corp. v. War-

dell, 260 U. S. 386

440

Rescue Army v. Municipal

Court, 331 U. S. 549

30,

87,394,809

Rex v. Parkyns, 3 B. & Aid.

679

282

Ribnik v. McBride, 277

U. S. 350

90

Rice v. Olson, 324 U. S. 786 292

Richards v. Wash. Terminal

Co., 233 U. S. 546

647

Richfield Oil Corp. v. Board,

329 U. S.69

78

Richmond v. Deans, 281

U. S. 704

12,29

Riddle v. Dyche, 262 U. S.

333

695

Robb v. Connolly, 111 U. S.

624

691

Rohan v. Sawin, 5 Cush. 281 713

Rosa v. Rosa, 296 Mass. 271 383

Ross v. Damm, 278 Mich.

388

94

Ross v. Nierstheimer, 159 F.

2d 994

688

Royall, Ex parte, 117 U. S.

241

682,690,692

Russell v. Wallace, 58 App.

D. C. 357

29

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Ryan v. Utility Comm'n,

143 Pa. Super. 517

660

Sage v. Hampe, 235 U. S. 99 35

St. Joseph Stock Yards CO. v. United States, 298 U. S.

38

440

St. Louis, I. M. & S. R. Co.

v. Express Co., 108 U. S.

24

70

Salinger v. Loisel, 265 U. S.

224

278,289,690

Samuel v. Payne, 1 Doug.

K. B. 359

713

Santa Maria, The, 10

Wheat. 431

306,311

Schechter Co. v. United

States, 295 U. S. 495

784

Schell v. Cochran, 107 U. S.

625

. 312

Schine Chain Theatres v.

United States, 334 U: S.

110

110,152,

155, 171,172, 535, 590

Schneider v. Irvington, 308

U. S. 147

563

Schwab v. Berggren, 143

U. S. 442

284,285,300

Scott v. McNeal, 154 U. S.

34

15

Seaboard Air Line R. Co. v.

Daniel, 333 U. S. 118

194

Seaboard Air Line R. Co. v.

United States, 261 U. S.

299

648, 652

Securities & Exchange

Comm'n v. Chenery

Corp., 332 U. S. 194

58

Selective Draft Law Cases,

245 U. S. 366

756,758

Semel v. United States, 158

F. 2d 231

594

Shaffer v. Carter, 252 U. S.

37

396

Shelley v. Kraemer, 334

U. S. 1

26,28,

29, 33, 35, 362, 813, 814 Sherrer v. Sherrer, 334 U. S.

343

371,379,544-546

S. H. Moss, Inc. v. Comm'n,

148 F. 2d 378'

45

Shreveport Rate Cases, 234

U. S. 342

231

Page

Sibbald v. United States, 12

Pet. 488

306,311

Simon v. Craft, 182 U. S.

427

440

Sipes v. McGhee, 316 Mich.

614

7

Sistare v. Sistare, 218 U. S.1 549

Skiriotes v. Florida, 313

U. S.69

393

Slaughter-House Cases, 16

Wall. 36

10,23

Smith v. O'Grady, 312 U. S.

329

697

Snyder v. Massachusetts,

291 U. S.97

285

Spaulding v. Douglas Air-

craft Co., 154 F. 2d 419 751,

786

Spector Motor Co. v. McLaughlin, 323 U. S.101 641

Spencer, Ex parte, 228 U. S.

652

694

Sprott v. United States, 20

Wall. 459

35

Stafford v. Wallace, 258"

U. S.495

230

Standard Fashion Co. v. Magrane-Houston Co.,

258 U. S.346 46,56,57,522

Standard Oil Co. v. Mis-

souri, 224 U. S.270

16

Standard Oil Co. v. United

States, 221 U. S.1

106,

230,231,522,525

State. See also name of

State.

State v.U. S. Express Co.,

114 Minn. 346

657

State ex rel. Attorney General v. Martineau, 149

Ark 237

693

State ex rel. Everette v. Petteway, 13i Fla. 516 349

State ex rel. Goodrich Co. v.

Trammell, 140 Fla. 500 349

State Tax Comm'n v. Al-

drich, 316 U. S.174

548

Steele v. L. & N. R. Co., 323

*U. S.192

493

Stevens Co. v. Foster &

Kleiser, 311 U. S. 255 233, 236

Stewart v. Pennsylvania,,312

U. S. 649

817

LXII

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Stoll v. Gottlieb, 305 U. S.

165

350,351,356,367

Stonebreaker v. Smyth, 163

F. 2d 498

688

Strauder v. West Virginia,

100 U. S. 303

15, 21, 23

Strickley v. Highland Boy

Mining Co., 200 U. S. 527 93,

95 Sullivan v. Ashe, 302 U. S.

51

732

Sunal v. Large, 332 U. S.

174

295,694

Sunshine Coal Co. v. Adkins,

310 U. S. 381 230,350,786

Superior Packing Co. v.

Clark, 164 F. 2d 343

642

Swain v. Maxwell, 355 Mo.

448

19

Swartwout, Ex parte, 4

Cranch 75

300

Swift & Co. v. Hocking Val-

ley R. Co., 243 U. S. 281 640

Swift & Co. v. United States,

196 U. S.375

105,

233,235,238, 667

Swift & Co. v. United

States, 276 U. S. 311

126

Swihart v. Johnston, 150 F.

2d 721

275

Tagg Bros. & Moorhead v.

United States, 280 U. S.

420

786

Talbott v. Silver Bow

County, 139 U. S. 438

31

Taylor v. Jones, 51 F. 2d

892

719

Taylor v. Tayrien, 51 F. 2d

884

719

Taylor v. United States, 286

U. S. 1

705,707,709,715

Tennessee C., I. & R. Co. v.

Muscoda Local, 321 U. S.

590

449

Tennessee Valley Authority

v. Powelson, 319 U. S. 266 631

Terrace v. Thompson, 263

U. S. 197

422,428,431

Texas v. Florida, 306 U. S.

398

374

Texas & Pac. R. Co. v. Gulf,

C. &,-S. F. R. Co., 270

U. S. 266

192

Page

Thompson v. Consol. Gas

Co., 300 U. S. 55 67,88,97

Thompson v. Thompson,

226 U. S. 551

546, 547

Thompson v. Whitman, 18

Wall. 457

358

Thornton v. Carter, 109 F.

2d 316

309,311

Tiburcio Parrott, In re, 1 F.

481

419

Tinsley v. Anderson, 171

U. S. 101

687

Tivoli Realty v. Interstate

Circuit, 167 F. 2d 155 588, 593

Tomkins v. Missouri, 323

U. S. 485

17,292,697

Tool Co. v. Norris, 2 Wall.

45

35

Toomer v. Witsell, 334 U. S.

385

420

Torrey v. Wolfes, 56 App.

D. C. 4

29

Townsend v. Burke, 334

U. S. 736

733

Toyota v. United States, 268

U. S. 402

412

Trade Comm'n v. Beech-

Nut Co., 257 U. S. 441 51

Trade Comm'n v. Cement Institute, 333 U. S. 683 45

Trade Comm'n v. Curtis

Pub. Co., 260 U. S. 568 524

Trade Comm'n v. Keppel &

Bro., 291 U. S. 304

786

Trade Comm'n v. Morton Salt Co., 334 U. S.37 522

Trade Comm'n v. Pacific Paper Assn., 273 U. S..52 233

Trade Comm'n v. Royal

Milling Co., 288 U. S. 212 55

TrCadoe., 3C24omUm. 'Sn. 7v46. Staley 44

Trade Comm'n v. Western

Meat Co., 272 U. S. 554 507

Trailmobile Co. v. Whirls,

331 U. S. 40

330

Transparent-Wrap Corp. v.

Stokes & Smith, 329 U. S.

637

159

Travis v. Yale & Towne Co.,

252 U. S. 60

395-397

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

LXIII

Page

Treinies v. Sunshine Mining Co., 308 U. S. 66 349, 350,367

Trist v. Child, 21 Wall. 441 35

Truax v. Raich, 239 U. S.

33

21,409,

415,416,419,.429,430 Trustees Dartmouth College

v. Woodward, 4 Wheat.

518

360

Tunstall v. Brotherhood of

Firemen, 323 U. S. 210 493 Twining v. New Jersey, 211

U. S. 78

15

Union Brokerage Co. v. Jen-

sen, 322 U. S. 202

661

Union Ins. Co. v. Hoge, 21

How. 35

441

Union Steamboat Co., Ex

parte, 178 U. S. 317 306,311

United Leather Workers v. Herkert & Meisel Co., 265

U. S. 457

234

United States, Ex parte, 287

U. S. 241

258

United States v. Allegheny

County, 322 U. S. 174 723

United States v. Aluminum

Co., 148 F. 2d 416

105,

106, 107, 130, 174, 238,

506, 525, 528, 600.

United States v. American Tobacco Co., 221 U. S.

106

119,230,231

United States v. American

Trucking Assns., 310 U. S.

534

204

United States v. Appalachian Power Co., 311 U. S.

377

640

United States v. Bausch & Lomb Co., 321 U. S. 707 148, 175,524

United States v. Bethlehem Steel Corp., 315 U. S. 289 757,

769

United States v. Board of

Comm'rs Fremont County, 145 F. 2d 329 725

United States v. California,

332 U. S. 19 393,402,420,855

United States v. California,

332 U. S. 804

855

United States v. Chicago, M., St. P. & P. R. Co., 282

U. S. 311

230

United States v. Cohen Gro-

cery Co., 255 U. S. 81 651

United States v. Crescent Amusement Co., 323 U. S.

173

104,

108, 109, 116, 117, 119,

126-130, 148, 152, 155, 160, 165, 175.

United States v. Cruik-

shank, 92 U. S. 542

13

United States v. Daison, 288

F. 199

713

United States v. Darby, 312

U. S. 100

230,231,236

United States v. E. C. Knight Co., 156 U. S. 1 229,

230

United States v. E. I. Du Pont & Co., 188 F. 127 233

United States v. Frankfort Distilleries, 324 U. S. 293 234237

United States v. Fremont County, 145 F. 2d 329 725

United States v. General

Electric Co., 272 U. S.

476

143,144

United States v. General

Motors Corp., 323 U. S.

373

631,644,647,649

United States v. Griffith,

334 U. S. 100

113,

116, 129, 130, 155, 171,

173, 174, 520, 525, 532,

539, 590.

United States v. Gypsum

Co., 333 U. S. 364

117,

143, 144

United States v. Harris, 106

U. S. 629

13

United States v. Hutcheson, 312 U. S. 219 34,234,600

United States v. International Harvester Co., 274

U. S. 693

536

United States v. Ju Toy, 198

U. S. 253

286,440

United States v. Kaplan, 89

F 2d 869-

706

LXIV

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

United States v. Kauten, 133

F. 2d 703

564

United States v. Keystone Watch Case Co., 218 F.

502

233

United States v. Knight-Co.,

156 U. S. 1

229,230

United States v. Lee, 274

U. S. 559

704,714

United States v. Lefkowitz,

285 U. S. 452

704,

705,712,714

United States v. Lehigh Valley R. Co., 254 U. S. 255 174

United States v. Lexington Mill Co., 232 U. S. 399 46

United States v. Lowden,

308 U. S.225

230

United States v. Masonite Corp., 316 U. S. 265 105,
142,143

United States v. Miller, 317

U. S.,369

6481 652

United States v. National Lead Co., 332 U. S. 319 128

United States v. New River Collieries, 262 U. S. 341 651

United States v. Paramount Pictures, 334 U. S. 131 108, 110, 116,121,523,524

United States v. Patten, 226

U. S. 525

105,

108,233,235, 539

United States v. Petty Motor Co., 327 U. S. 372 631, 644,649

United States v. Railway Employees, 283 F. 479 601

United States v. Ramsey,

271 U. S. 467

726

United States v. Reading

Co., 253 U. S. 26

174,

233,523,528, 531,539

United States v. Republic

Steel Corp., 11 F. Supp.

117

531

United States v. Rickert,

188 U. S. 432

724

United States v. Rio Grande Dam Co., 174 U. S. 690 93

United States v. Rosenwas-

ser, 323 U. S. 360

461

Page

United States v. St. Louis Terminal Assn., 236 U. S.

194

177

United States v. Scophony

Corp., 333 U. S. 795

574,

579,580 United States v. Socony-
Vacuum Co., 310 U. S.

150

120, 143,

173,235,236, 522,537

United States v. SouthE a s t e r n Underwriters

Assn., 322 U. S. 533

229-

231,236

United States v. Southern

Pac. Co., 259 U. S. 214 528,

531

United States v. Standard Oil Co., 47 F. 2d 288 531

United States v. Swift &

Co., 286 U. S. 106

174

United States v. Thurston

County, 143 F. 287

725

United States v. Union Pac.

R. Co., 226 U. S. 61

531

United States v. United

Shoe Mach. Co., 247 U. S.

32

531

United States v. U. S. Gypsum Co., 333 U. S. 364 117,

143, 144

United States v. U. S. Steel

Corp., 251 U. S. 417

107,

506, 531,532,536

United States v. U. S. Steel

Corp., 223 F. 55

533,536

United States v. Univis Lens

Co., 316 U. S. 241

175

United States v. Verdier, 164

U. S. 213

312

United States v. Walsh, 331

U. S. 432

236

United States v. Welch, 217

U. S. 333

647

United States v. Wong Kim

Ark, 169 U. S. 649

419

United States v. Wright-

wood Dairy Co., 315 U. S.

110

231

United States v. Yellow Cab

Co., 332 U. S. 218

116,

173, 236, 519-521, 523,

537, 539.

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

LXV

Page

U. S. Express Co. v. Minne-

sota, 223 U. S. 335

656,

.657,668,670

U. S. ex rel. Kennedy v.

Tyler, 269 U. S. 13

687,

690, 695 U. S. ex rel. Lombardo v.

McDonnell, 153 F. 2d 919 303

U. S. ex rel. Monsky v. Warden, 163 F. 2d 978 688

U. S. ex rel. Ross v. Nierstheimer, 159 F. 2d 994 688

U. S. ex rel. T. V. A. v. Pow-

elson, 319 U. S. 266

631

U. S. Trust Co. v. Helvering,

307 U. S. 57

727

Urquhart v. Brown, 205

U. S. 179 687,690,694,695

Van Brocklin v: Tennessee,

117 U. S. 151

723

Virginia, Ex parte, 100 U. S.

339

14, 16

Virginia v. Rives, 100 U. S.

313

14

Virginian R. Co. v. System

Federation, 300 U. S. 515 230 Vogelstein & Co. v. United

States, 262 U. S. 337 630,

645, 652

Wabash & Erie Canal v.

Beers, 1 Black 54

86

Wachowicz v. Martin, 293

N. Y. 361

317-321

Wade v. Chaffee, 8 R. I. 224 713

Wade v. Kirk, 155 Fla. 906 685,

689

Wade v. Stimson, 331 U. S.'

793

774,803

Wade v. Wade, 93 Fla. 1004 348,

368

Wagster v. Wagster, 193

Ark. 902

552

Wakely v. Hart, 6 Binn. 316 713

Waley v. Johnston, 316 U. S.

101

289,694

Walker v. Johnston, 312

U. S. 275

275

Walker & Co. v. United

States, 105 Ct. Cl. 553 648

Wallace v. Hines, 253 U. S.

66

663

Walling v. Belo Corp., 316

U. S. 624

461,462

792 0-48-5

Page

Walling v. Halliburton Co.,

331 U. S. 17 458,461,462

W a I I i n g v. Harnischfeger Corp., 325 U. S. 427 462,

463,488

Walling v. Helmerich & Payne, 323 U. S. 37 460,

461, 4a6, 471,488

W a 11 i n g v. Youngerman-

Reynolds Co., 325 U. S.

419

461,463,

465,467,471,482, 488

Walls v. Midland Carbon

Co., 254 U. S. 300

86,94

Ward v. Maryland, 12 Wall.

418

396

Washington ex rel. Oregon

R. & N. Co. v. Fairchild,

224 U. S. 510

640

Washington & Georgetown

R. Co., In re, 140 U. S. 91 258, 306,307,309,311
Watkins, Ex parte, 3 Pet.

193

690

Watson v. State, 142 Fla.

218

675

Webb v. O'Brien, 263 U. S.

313

422

Weeks v. United States, 232

U. S. 383

704,712,714

Weiss v. United States, 308

U. S. 321

230

Weldon v. Neal, 15 Q. B. D.

471

282

West v. Louisiana, 194 U. S.

258

319

West v. Okla. Tax Comm'n,

334 U. S. 717

841

West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish, 300 U. S. 379 90

Western Live Stock v. Bu-

reau, 303 U. S. 250

663

Western Union Tel. Co. v.

Speight, 254 U. S. 17 656, 668 Wheeling & Belmont Co. v.

Wheeling Co., 138 U. S.

287

83

White v. Ragen, 324 U. S.

760

687

Whitman v. Wilson, 318

U. S. 688

440

Whitney v. Dick, 202 U. S.,

132

279

LXVI

TABLE OF. CASES CITED.

Page

Whitney v. Tax Comm'n,

309 U. S. 530

727

Wickard v. Filburn, 317

U. S. 111 229-232,236,237

Wildenhus's Case, 120 U. S.

1

693

Williams v. Green Bay & W. R. Co., 326 U. S. 549 596

Williams v. Kaiser, 323 U. S.

471

17,697

Williams v. North Carolina,

317 U. S. 287

355,

359, 368, 543, 545-547,

549, 552, 554.

Williams v. North Carolina, 325 U. S. 226 349,354,356, 358, 368,370, 543,549
Wilmington Transportation

Co. v. Comm'n, 236 U. S.

151

668

Wisconsin v. Pelican Ins.

Co., 127 U. S. 265

353

Wisconsin Central R. Co. v.

Price County, 133 U. S.

496

724

Page

Wisconsin & M. R. Co. v. Powers, 191 U. S. 379 670

Withers v. Ashe, 350 Pa.

493

730, 735, 739

Wong Doo v. United States,

265 U. S. 239 278,289,290

Wood, In re, 140 U. S. 278 690,

694

Wood v. Strother, 76 Cal.

545

443

Woods v. Nierstheimer, 328

U. S. 211

440,444

Worcester Trust Co. v.

Riley, 302 U. S. 292

374

Wurts v. Hoagland, 114

U. S. 606

93,95

Yakus v. United States, 321

U. S. 414

214,

217,645,767,774, 784

Yarborough v. Yarborough,

290 U. S. 202

365,544

Yick Wo v. Hopkins, 118

U. S. 356 21,418,419,440

