INDEX
ACCESSORIES. See Constitutional Law, III, 4.
ACCRETION. See also Submerged Lands Act of 1953. State sovereignty over new land-Artificialaccretion to shoreline.-
The sovereignty of the States extends to new land obtained by artificial accretion as well as natural modification of the shoreline. United States v. California, p. 139.
ACQUIESCENCE. See Commissioner of Internal Revenue; Taxes.
ADMINISTRATIVE HEARINGS. See Federal Communications Commission; Judicial Review, 1.
ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE. See also Federal Trade Commission, 1, 3-4; Judicial Review, 2; Natural Gas Act.
Federal Power Commission-Reconsideration on remand.-The FPC was free in considering the question of production costs on remand to reconsider its initial erroneous position on the jurisdictional question. United-Gas Co. v. Continental Oil Co., p. 392.
AFFIDAVITS. See Statute of Limitations.
AIR NATIONAL GUARD. See National Guard.
AIRPLANES. See National Guard.
ALASKA. See 'rocedure, 2.
ALIMONY. See Constitutional Law, V; Dower.
ANTITRUST ACTS. See also Federal Trade Commission, 1, 3-4; Judicial Review, 2; Labor, 1-2.
1. Clayton Act-Statute of limitations-Privateantitrust suits.Absent any specific legislative history on the inclusion of Federal Trade Commission actions within the tolling provisions of § 5 (b) of the Clayton Act, the issue is resolved by reliance on the clear congressional intention that private suitors be given the benefits of prior government actions, which would necessarily include Commission proceedings. Minnesota Mining v. N. J. Wood Co., p. 311.
2. Sherman Act-Efforts to influence public officials.-Concerted efforts to influence public officials do not violate the antitrust laws even though intended to eliminate competition, and respondents were entitled to no damages under the Sherman Act as a result of actions of the Secretary of Labor. Mine Workers v. Pennington, p. 657.
959

960

INDEX.

APPEALS. See Administrative Procedure; Natural Gas Act.
APPORTIONMENT. See Reapportionment. ATTORNEYS. See Constitutional Law, III, 1; Contempt of Court. AUTOMOBILE ACCESSORIES. See Federal Trade Commission,
1-4; Judicial Review, 2. BAYS. See Accretion; Submerged Lands Act of 1953. BILL OF ATTAINDER. See Constitutional Law, I. BILL OF RIGHTS. See Constitutional Law, II. BIRTH CONTROL. See Constitutional Law, II; III, 4. BOUNDARIES. See Accretion; Submerged Lands Act of 1953. BROADCASTING. See Constitutional Law, III, 2. CANONS OF JUDICIAL ETHICS. See Constitutional Law, III, 2. CAPITAL GAINS. See Commissioner of Internal Revenue; Taxes. CHANGES IN STATE LAW. See Procedure, 1-2. CHARTER HIRE. See Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946. CLAYTON ACT. See Antitrust Acts, 1. COAL MINING. See Antitrust Acts, 2; Labor, 1. COASTLINE. See Accretion; Submerged Lands Act of 1953. COERCION. See Federal Trade Commission, 1, 3-4; Judicial
Review, 2.
COLLATERAL ATTACK. See Constitutional Law, VI. COLLECTIVE BARGAINING. See Antitrust Acts, 2; Labor, 1-2. COMMERCE. See Federal Power Act; Federal Trade Commis-
sion, 1, 3-4; Judicial Review, 2.

COMMISSIONER. See Statute of Limitations.
COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. See also Taxes.
Revocation of acquiescence-Reliance of taxpayer on erroneous decision.-The Commissioner's acquiescence in an erroneous decision of the Tax Court cannot bar collection of taxes lawfully due, and he may retroactively withdraw an acquiescence under § 7805 (b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 even where a taxpayer may have detrimentally relied on the Commissioner's mistake. Dixon v. United States, p. 68.
COMMUNICATIONS ACT OF 1934. See Federal Communications Commission; Judicial Review, 1.
COMMUNIST PARTY. See Constitutional Law, I.

INDEX.

COMMUNIST POLITICAL PROPAGANDA. See Constitutional Law, IV.

COMPETITION. See Federal Trade Commission, 1-4; Judicial Review, 2.

CONFLICT - OF - INTEREST Law, I.

STATUTES.

See Constitutional

CONFLICT OF LAWS. See Constitutional Law, V; Dower.

CONNECTICUT. See Constitutional Law, II; III, 4.
CONSPIRACY. See Antitrust Acts, 2; Labor, 1-2.
CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. See also Contempt of Court; Dower; Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952; Jurisdiction, 2; Passports;' Prccedure, 2; Reapportionment.

I. Bill of Attainder.

Member of Communist Party on board of labor organizationSection 504 of the Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act of 1959, which makes it a crime for a member of the Communist Party to serve on the board of a labor organization, is unconstitu-
tional as a bill of attainder. United States v. Brown, p. 437.

II. Bill of Rights.
Marital privacy-Contraceptives.-Connecticutstatute forbidding use of contraceptives violates the right of marital privacy which is within the penumbra of specific guarantees of the Bill of Rights. Griswold v. Connecticut, p. 479.

III. Due Process.

1. Contempt of court-Right to be heard and to have counsel.Petitioners who were convicted of contempt based on a change of venue plea were deprived of their rights under the Fourteenth Amendment's Due Process Clause for doing no more than exercising the rights of an accused and his counsel to defend against the contempt
charges. Holt v. Virginia, p. 131.
2. Fair trial- Televising courtroom proceedings.-Televising and broadcasting over petitioner's objections portions of his crimina! trial, in which there was widespread public interest, was inherently invalid as infringing the fundamental right to a fair trial guaranteed by the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. Estes v. Texas, p. 532.
3. Fifth Amendment-Travel to Cuba.-The fact that a liberty cannot be inhibited without due process of law does not mean that it can under no circumstances be inhibited, and appellant's constitutional rights are not abridged by the restriction on his travel to Cuba. Zemel v. Rusk, p. 1.

INDEX.
CONSTITUTIONAL LAW-Continued. 4. Standing to sue-Accessories to crime.-Appellants who were
convicted as accessories for prescribing contraceptive devices for married persons in violation of state statute have standing to assert the constitutional rights of the married people. Griswol; v. Connecticut, p. 479.
IV. First Amendment. Communist political propaganda-Postal Service and Federal
Employees Salary Act of 1962.-Section 305 (a) of the Act as construed and applied to require the addressee of foreign mailings of Communist political propaganda to return a card to the Post Office if he wishes to receive them is unconstitutional since it imposes an affirmative obligation on the addressee which amounts to an unconstitutional limitation of his rights under the First Amendment. Lamont v. Postmaster General, p. 301.
V. Full Faith and Credit Clause. New York separationdecree and Floridadivorce-Dower.-Denial
of dower by Florida to petitioner, who had been divorced by her husband in Florida, did not violate Full Faith and Credit .Clause since the New York separation decree, which was fully complied with by the husband, preserved no dower rights in his property. Simons v. Miami Beach Nat. Bank, p. 81.
VI. Search and Seizure. 1. Exclusion of evidence illegally seized-Retroactivity of holding
of the Court.-The ruling of the Court in Mapp v. Ohio that evidence illegally seized is inadmissible in state criminal trials does not apply to state court convictions which had become final prior to its rendition. Linkletter v. Walker, p. 618; Angelet v. Fay, p. 654.
2. Illegal seizure of evidence-Participationof federal agents.The participation of federal agents in an illegal search and seizure does not require the reversal of a state court conviction which became final prior to Mapp v. Ohio. Angelet v. Fay, p. 654.
CONSTRUCTIVE SERVICE. See Constitutional Law, V; Dower.
CONTEMPT OF COURT. See also Constitutional Law, III, 1. Due process of law-Motion for change of venue.-Defendant
charged with contempt based on a change of venue plea has a constitutional right to be heard and to be represented by counsel. Holt v. Virginia, p. 131.
CONTRACEPTIVES. See Constitutional Law, II; III, 4.

INDEX.

COST. See Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946.
COUNSEL. See Constitutional Law, III, 1; Contempt of Court. COURTS. See Constitutional Law, III, 1-2; Federal Communica-
tions Commission; Federal Trade Commission, 1, 3-4; Immigration a- Nationality Act of 1952; Judicial Review, 1-2; Jurisdiction, 1-2; Passports.
CRIMINAL LAW. See Constitutional Law, I; II; III, 1-2, 4; VI, 1-2; Contempt of Court; Procedure, 1; Statute of Limitations.
CUBA. See Constitutional Law, III, 3; Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952; Jurisdiction, 2; Passports.

DAMAGES. See Antitrust Acts, 2; Labor, 1.
DELIVERY OF MAIL. See Constitutional Law, IV. DEPARTMENT OF STATE. See Constitutional Law, III, 3;
Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952; Jurisdiction, 2; Passports.

DEPRECIATION. See Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946.

DISCOUNT. See Taxes.

DISQUALIFICATION. See Federal Trade Commission, 2. DIVORCE. See Constitutional Law, V; Dower.

DOWER. See also Constitutional Law, V.
Divorce decree-Constructive service.-Anv dower rights petitioner, who had been divorced by her husband in Florida, had in his estate under Fiorida law were extinguished by the divorce decree predicated on constructive service. Simons v. 'Miami Beach Nat. Bank, p. 81.

DUE PROCESS. See Constitutional Law, III; Contempt of Court; Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952; Jurisdiction, 2; Passports.

ELECTIONS. See Reapportionment.

ELECTRICAL INSULATION PRODUCTS. See Antitrust Acts, 1.

ELECTRIC ENERGY. See Federal Power Act.

EMPLOYER AND EMPLOYEE. See Labor; National Guard.

EQUAL PROTECTION OF THE LAWS. See Reapportionment.

EVIDENCE. See Constitutional Law, VI; Federal Trade Commission, 1-4; Judicial Review, 2.

FEDERAL AGENTS.
773-305 0-65-57

See Constitutional Law, VI, 2.

INDEX.
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION. See also Judicial Review, 1.
Rules of procedure-Public administrative hearings.- Under its broad delegation of procedural rule-making authority, the Commission was empowered to promulgate the procedural rule reqiiiring public proceedings except where the proponents of a request for in camera treatment have shown the need therefor. FCC v. Schreiber, p. 279.
FEDERAL POWER ACT.
Transmission of electric energy-Pumped storage plant on nonnavigable tributary of navigable stream-Licensed by FederalPower Commission.-The commerce power of Congress clearly encompasses the interstate transmission of electric energy, and the pumped storage project here is within the purview of that power, without regard to federal control of tributary streams and navigation. FPC v. Union Electric Co., p. 90.
FEDERAL POWER COMMISSION. See Administrative Procedure; Natural Gas Act.
FEDERAL RULES OF CRIMINAL PROCEDURE. See Statute* of Limitations.
FEDERAL-STATE RELATIONS. See Accretion; Constitutional Law, III, 2; VI; Jurisdiction, 1; National Guard; Procedure, 1; Reapportionment; Submerged Lands Act of 1953.
FEDERAL TORT CLAIMS ACT. See National Guard.
FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION. See also Antitrust Acts, 1; Judicial Review, 2.
1. Antitrust laws as guidelines--Business justification.-Violations of § 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act consist of conduct contrary to the public policy declared in the Act, and the FTC may use as guidelines recognized violations of the antitrust laws; and the FTC is justified in refusing to consider evidence of business justification for a program which has widespread destructive effect on competition. Atlantic Rfg. Co. v. FTC, p. 357.
2. Remand of order-Disqualificationof Chairman.-Judgment of Court of Appeals setting aside an FTC order on grounds that the Chairman was disqualified for prejudging the case and the order was not supported by substantial evidence is remanded for further proceedings by the FTC, without participation of the Chairman. FTC v. Texaco, p. 739.

INDEX.
FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION-Continued. 3. Sales-commission plan-Gasoline dealers-Automobile accesso-
ries.-There was substantial evidence to support the FTC's findings that sales-commission plan used by gasoline distributor and tire manufacturer to sell latter's products through the former's dealers was unfair use of economic power in one market to destroy competition in another. Atlantic Rfg. Co. v. FTC, p. 357.
4. Unfair competition-Prohibitionof future agreements.-FTC's order prohibiting each petitioner from entering into similar agreements is not unreasonable in view of long existence of plan resulting in unfair competition, active participation of the parties, and coercion of dealers. Atlantic Rfg. Co. v. FTC, p. 357.
FIFTH AMENDMENT. See Constitutional Law, IlI, 3; Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952; Jurisdiction, 2; Passports.
FILLING STATIONS. See Federal Trade Commission, 1-4; Judicial Review, 2.
FINAL JUDGMENTS. See Constitutional Law, VI.
FIRST AMENDMENT. See Constitutional Law, IV; Procedure, 2. FLORIDA. See Constitutional Law, V; Dower; Jurisdiction, 1.
FOREIGN MAIL. See Constitutional Law, IV.
FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT. See Constitutional Law, III; Contempt of Court; Procedure, 2; Reapportionment.
FOURTH AMENDMENT. See Constitutional Law, VI. FREEDOM OF SPEECH. See Procedure, 2.
FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. See Constitutional Law, III, 2. FULL FAITH AND CREDIT CLAUSE. See Constitutional Law,
V; Dower.
GAS. See Administrative Procedure; Natural Gas Act.
GASOLINE DEALERS. See Federal Trade Commission, 1-4; Judicial Review, 2.
HABEAS CORPUS. See Procedure, 1.
HOURS OF WORK. See Labor, 2.
HUSBAND AND WIFE. See Constitutional Law, V; Dower.
HYDROELECTRIC ENERGY. See Federal Power Act.
ILLINOIS. See Reapportionment.

INDEX.

IMMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT OF 1952. See also Constitutional Law, III, 3; Jurisdiction, 2; Passports.
Passports-Travelin violation of an area restriction.-Adjudication of the reach and constitutionality of § 215 (b) of the Act as applied to travel in violation of an area restriction must await a concrete factual situation. Zemel v. Rusk, p. 1. INCOME. See Insurance Companies; Merchant Ship Sales Act
of 1946.
INCOME TAXES. See Commissioner of Internal Revenue; Taxes.
INDICTMENT. See Statute of Limitations. INLAND WATERS. See Accretion; Submerged Lands Act of
1953.

INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Investment income-Tax-exempt interest-Pro rata allocation.There is no statutory or constitutional barrier to the application of the pro rata formula of the Life Insurance Company Income Tax Act of 1959 allocating all income including tax-exempt interest between the policyholders' bhare for reserves and the company's share. United States v. Atlas Ins. Co., p. 233.

INTEREST. See Insurance Companies; Taxes.
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE. See Commissioner of Internal Revenue; Statute of Limitations; Taxes.

INTERSTATE COMMERCE. See Federal Power Act.

INV.STIGATIONS. See Federal Communications Commission; Judicial Review, 1.

INVESTMENT INCOME. See Insurance Companies.

JUDGES. See Constitutional Law, III, 1; Contempt of Court.

JUDGMENTS. See Constitutional Law, VI.

JUDICIAL CANONS.
JUDICIAL REVIEW. mission.

See Constitutional Law, III, 2. See also Federal Communications

Com-

1. Administrative rule-making-Judicial responsibility.-District courts, in reviewing administrative rule-making, are not empowered to substitute their judgment for that of the agency; their responsibility is limited to insuring consistency with governing statutes and the demands of the Constitution. FCC v. Schreiber, p. 279.
2. Federal Trade Commission-Unfair competition-Function of courts.-Where Congress has empowered the FTC to determine

INDEX.
JUDICIAL REVIEW-Continued. whether methods of competition are unfair, the function of the courts is to determine whether the FTC's decision is warranted by the record and has a reasonable basis in law. Atlantic Rfg. Co. v. FTC, p. 357.
JURISDICTION. See also Administrative Procedure; Constitutional Law, II; III, 3-4; Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952;- Natural Gas Act; Passports.
1. Supreme Court-Minorproceduraldefect does not bar review.Minor procedural defect which petitioners tried to correct does not constitute an adequate independent state ground for decision barring review by this court. Parrot v. City of Tallahassee, p. 129.
2. District Courts--Three-judge court.-Since the complaint launched a substantial constitutional attack on federal statutes and prayed that their operation be enjoined, a three-judge court was properly convened. Zemel v. Rusk, p. 1.
LABOR. See also Antitrust Acts, 2. 1. Collective bargaining agreement-Antitrust laws.-An agree-
ment between the unions and large coal mine operators to secure uniform labor standards throughout the industry would not be exempt from the antitrust laws. Mine Workers v. Pennington, p. 657.
2. Collective bargaining agreement-Sherman Act exemption.The holding of the Court of Appeals that a conspiracy in restraint of trade was shown by actions of unions and retail food store association in limiting the marketing hours for the sale of fresh meat is reversed. Meat Cutters v. Jewel Tea, p. 677. LABOR-MANAGEMENT REPORTING AND DISCLOSURE ACT
OF 1959. See Constitutional Law, I.
LABOR ORGANIZATION. See Constitutional Law, I.
LEASES. See Administrative Procedure; Natural Gas Act.
LEGISLATURES. See Reapportionment.
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY INCOME TAX ACT OF 1959. See Insurance Companies.
MAIL. See Constitutional Law, IV.
MALAPPORTIONMENT. See Reapportionment.
MARITIME COMMISSION. See Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946.
MARKETING HOURS. See Labor, 2.
MARRIED PERSONS. See Constitutional Law, II; III, 4.

INDEX.
MARYLAND. See National Guard.
MEAT MARKETS. See Labor, 2.
MEDICAL ADVICE. See Constitutional Law, II; III, 4.
MERCHANT SHIP SALES ACT OF 1946. Adjustment of purchase price of war-built ships--Unwinding of
transactions--Costbasis for depreciation.-To realize the Act's purpose of putting petitioner and the Government in the positions they would have occupied had the sales been made on the date of enactment, the net charter hire paid by the Government must be treated as a return of capital reducing petitioner's cost and thus its basis for depreciation. Waterman S. S. Corp. v. U. S., p. 252.
MOTIONS. See Constitutional Law, III, 1; Contempt of Court.
NARCOTICS. See Constitutional Law, VI, 2.
NATIONAL GUARD. Negligence of pilot-Federal Tort Claims Act liability-State em-
ployee.-National Guard pilot was an employee of the State of Maryland in both his civilian and military capacities and the United States is not liable under the Act for his negligence in either capacity. Maryland v. United States, p. 41.
NATURAL GAS ACT. See also Administrative Procedure. Sales of leasehold interests-Provenand developed field-"Produc-
tion or gathering."-Salesof leasehold interests in a proven and substantially developed natural gas field are "sales" of natural gas within the meaning of § 1 (b) of the Act, and are not within the "production or gathering" exemption. United Gas Co. v. Continental Oil Co., p. 392.
NAVIGABLE STREAMS. See Federal Power Act.
NEBRASKA. See Procedure, 1.
NEGLIGENCE. See National Guard.
NEW YORK. See Constitutional Law, V; Dower.
NONNAVIGABLE TRIBUTARIES. See Federal Power Act.
ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT. See Commissioner of Internal Revenue; Taxes.
PASSPORTS. See also Constitutional Law, II, 3; Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952; Jurisdiction, 2.
Passport Act of 1926-Travel to Cuba.-The Act grants authority to the Executive to refuse validation of passports for travel to Cuba. Zemel v. Rusk, p. 1.

INDEX.

969

PIPELINES. See Administrative Procedure; Natural Gas Act.
POSTAL SERVICE AND FEDERAL EMPLOYEES SALARY ACT OF 1962. See Constitutional Law, IV.
POSTCONVICTION PROCEDURE. See Procedure, 1.
PRIVATE ANTITRUST SUITS. See Antitrust Acts.
PROBABLE CAUSE. See Statute of Limitations.
PROCEDURE. See also Constitutional Law, III, 1-2; Contempt of Court; Federal Trade Commission, 2; Jurisdiction, 1; Reapportionment; Statute of Limitations.
1. Criminal law-Supervening state statute-Postconviction procedure.-Cause remanded to the state court for reconsideration in light of supervening statute establishing postconviction procedure apparently providing a hearing for petitions such as involved here. Case v.-Nebraska, p. 336.
2. Dismissal of schoolteachers--Alleged violation of First Amendment rights-Supervening changes in state law.-Case is remanded to the state court to consider the effect of supervening changes in state law on dismissals of schoolteachers who allege violations of their First Amendment rights. Watts v. Seward School Board, p. 126.
PROMISSORY NOTES. See Taxes.
PUBLIC OFFICIALS. See Antitrust Acts, 2; Labor, 1.
PUBLIC PROCEEDINGS. See Federal Communications Commission; Judicial Review.
PUBLIC TRIAL. See Constitutional Law, III, 2.
PUMPED STORAGE PLANT. See Federal Power Act.
PURCHASE PRICE. See Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946.
REAPPORTIONMENT. Redistricting state senate-State action encouraged.--State action
to correct malapportionment of Illinois Senate is to be encouraged, and District Court order is vacated and remanded to fix reasonable time for appropriate action by state agency. Scott v. Germano, p. 407.
REDISTRICTING. See Reapportionment.
REMAND. See Federal Trade Commission, 2.
REMEDIES. See Procedure, 1.
RETROACTIVITY. See Constitutional Law, VI.
REVIEW. See Jurisdiction, 1.

INDEX.

RIGHT OF PRIVACY. See Constitutional Law, II; III, 4.

RULES. See Statute of Limitations.

RULES OF PROCEDURE. See Federal Communications Commission; Judicial Review.

SALES. See Administrative Procedure; Natural Gas Act.

SALES COMMISSIONS. See Federal Trade Commission, 1-4; Judicial Review, 2.

SCHOOLTEACHERS. See Procedure, 2.

SEARCH AND SEIZURE. See Constitutional Law, VI. SECRETARY OF LABOR. See Antitrust Acts, 2; Labor, 1.

SEPARATION DECREE. See Constitutional Law, V; Dower.

SHERMAN ACT. See Antitrust Acts, 2; Labor, 1-2.

SHIPS. See Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946.

SHORELINE. See Accretion; Submerged Lands Act of 1953.

SIXTH AMENDMENT. See Constitutional Law, III, 2.

STATE DEPARTMENT. See Constitutional Law, III, 3; Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952; Jurisdiction, 2;
Passports.

STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS. See also Antitrust Acts, 1.
Internal Revenue Code-Complaint filed with CommissionerProbable cause.-To initiate the extension of the statute of limitations authorized by § 6531 of the 1954 Internal Revenue Code, the complaint filed with the Commissioner must show probable cause to believe that defendant committed the offense, and all other steps of the complaint procedure provided by Rules 3, 4 and 5 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure must be satisfied. Jaben v.
United States, p. 214.

SUBMERGED LANDS ACT OF 1953. See also Accretion.
State boundaries-Inlandwaters-Coastline.-TheAct's legislative history shows that "inland waters" was to be defined by the courts, and the definition as used in the Act should conform to the Convention on the Territorial Sea and the Contiguous Zone, to which this Nation is a party. United States v. California, p. 139.

SUBPOENAS. Review.

See Federal Communications Commission; Judicial

SUPERVENING STATUTES. See Procedure, 1-2.

INDEX.

971

TAXES. See also Commissioner of Internal Revenue; Insurance Companies; Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946; Statute of Limitations.
Original issue discount-InternalRevenue Code of 1939-Ordinary income.-Earned original issue discount is not entitled to capital gains treatment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1939 but is taxable as ordinary income. United States v. Midland-Ross Corp., p. 54; Dixon v. United States, p. 68.
TAX-EXEMPT INTEREST. See Insurance Companies.
TELEVISION. See Constitutional Law, III, 2; Federal Communications Commission; Judicial Review.
TEXAS. See Constitutional Law, III, 2.
THREE-JUDGE COURT. See Constitutional Law, III, 3; Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952; Jurisdiction, 2; Passports.
THREE-MILE LIMIT. See Accretion; Submerged Lands Act of 1953.
TIRES. See Federal Trade Commission, 1-4; Judicial Review, 2.
TRAVEL. See Constitutional Law, III, 3; Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952; Jurisdiction, 2; Passports.
TRIAL. See Constitutional Law, III, 1; Contempt of Court.
UNIONS. See Antitrust Acts, 2; Labor.
VENUE. See Constitutional Law, III, 1; Contempt of Court.
VIRGINIA. See Constitutional Law, III, 1; Contempt of Court.
WALSH-HEALEY ACT. See Antitrust Acts, 2; Labor, 1.
WATER POWER. See Federal Power Act.
WITNESSES. See Federal Communications Commission; Judicial Review.

WORDS. "Production or gathering of natural gas."-§ 1 (b), Natural Gas
Act, 15 U. S. C. §717 (b). United Gas Co. v. Continental Oil Co., p. 392.

REPORTER'S NOTE.
The next page is purposely numbered 901. The numbers between 763 and 901 were intentionally omitted, in order to make it possible to publish the orders in the current advance sheets or preliminary prints of the United States Reports with permanent page numbers, thus making the official citations immediately available.
773-305 0-65-53

436

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

June 1, 1965.

381 U. S.

MOTOR CONVOY, INC., ET AL. V. UNITED STATES ET AL.
APPEAL FROM THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA.
No. 987. Decided June 1, 1965.
235 F. Supp. 250, affirmed.
Paul M. Daniell,Robert E. Born and Martin Sack for appellants.
Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Orrick, Robert B. Hummel, Robert W. Ginnane and Betty Jo Christianfor the United States et al.; George S. Dixon for National Automobile Transporters Association; and Nelson M. Harris,Jr., for Dixie Transport Co., appellees.
PER CURIAM.
The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed.

FOX v. UNITED STATES.

APPEAL FROM THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA.

Affirmed.

No. 1032. Decided June 1, 1965.

Sidney W. Provensal, Jr., for appellant. Solicitor General Cox for the United States.

PER CURIAM.
The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964. June 7, 1965.

381 U. S.

CALIFORNIA v. HURST.
ON PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT.
No. 45. Decided June 7, 1965.
Certiorari granted and judgment reversed. Reported below: 325 F. 2d 891.
Stanley Mosk, Attorney General of California, DorisH. Maier, Assistant Attorney General, and Edsel W. Haws, Deputy Attorney General, for petitioner.
PER CURIAM.
The motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed. Linkletter v. Walker, ante, p. 618.
MR. JUSTICE BLACK and MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS dissent for the reasons stated in their dissenting opinion in Linkletter v. Walker, ante, at 640.

REDMOND v. VIRGINIA.
APPEAL FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF APPEALS OF VIRGINIA.
No. 1082. Decided June 7, 1965. Appeal dismissed and certiorari denied.
John Alvin Croghan for appellant.
PER CURIAM.
The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
ALLOTMENT OF JUSTICES.
It is ordered that the following allotment be made of the Chief Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, pursuant to Title 28, United States Code, Section 42, and that such allotment be entered of record, viz.:
For the District of Columbia Circuit, EARL WARREN, Chief Justice.
For the First Circuit, ARTHUR J. GOLDBERG, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, JOHN M. HARLAN, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, WILLIAM J. BRENNAN, JR., Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, EARL WARREN, Chief Justice. For the Fifth Circuit, HUGO L. BLACK, Associate Justice. For the Sixth Circuit, POTrER STEWART, Associate Justice. For the Seventh Circuit, TOM C. CLARK, Associate Justice. For the Eighth Circuit, BYRON R. WHITE, Associate Justice. For the Ninth Circuit, WILLIAM 0. DOUGLAS, Associate Justice. For the Tenth Circuit, BYRON R. WHITE, Associate Justice.
October 15, 1962.
(For next previous allotment, see 370 U. S., p. Iv.)

PROCEEDINGS IN THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES IN MEMORY OF MR. JUSTICE BURTON.*
MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965.
Present: MR. CHIEF JUSTICE WARREN, MR. JUSTICE
BLACK, MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS, MR. JUSTICE CLARK, MR. JUSTICE HARLAN, MR. JUSTICE BRENNAN, MR. JUS-
TICE STEWART, MR. JUSTICE WHITE, and MR. JUSTICE
GOLDBERG.
Mr. Solicitor General Cox addressed the Court as follows:
May it please the Court: At a meeting of the Members of the Bar of the Supreme Court held at 11: 00 o'clock this morning, resolutions expressing their profound sorrow at the death of Justice Harold Hitz Burton were offered by a Committee, of which Dean Erwin N. Griswold was Chairman. Addresses on the resolutions were made by the Honorable Kingsley A. Taft, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio; .Raymond S. Troubh, Esquire, of New York, New York; and the Honorable Robert Hale, formerly U. S. Representative from the State of Maine. The resolutions unanimously adopted are as follows:
"RESOLUTIONS
"On behalf of the Bar of the Supreme Court, we have met to record our regard for Harold Hitz Burton, Justice
*Mr. Justice Burton, who retired from active service on October 13, 1958 (358 U. S., vii), died in Washington, D. C., on October 28, 1964. Services were held at All Souls Unitarian Church, Washington, D. C., on October 31, 1964, and at the First Unitarian Church, Cleveland, Ohio, November 2, 1964. Interment was in Highland View Cemetery in Cleveland, Ohio, on November 2, 1964. See 379 U. S., rv, ix.

vi

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.

of the Supreme Court of the United States for thirteen active years from 1945 to 1958. He died October 28, 1964, and is mourned by members of the profession, his
many friends, and citizens everywhere. "Harold Hitz Burton was born in Jamaica Plain, Massa-
chusetts, on June 22, 1888. His great-grandfather, John Hitz, was the first Swiss Consul General to the United States, and his home was within what is now the Capitol Plaza diagonally across the -street from the present
Supreme Court building.
"Harold Burton's early education was in Switzerland where his mother had returned for her health. As a result, he was bilingual in English and in French and this undoubtedly contributed to his broad outlook. His mother died when he was seven years old, and he returned to the United States. He attended the Newton High School, and then went on to Bowdoin College, where he received the A.B. degree in 1909. His roommate at Bowdoin was Owen Brewster, later Senator of the United States from the State of Maine. Both Brewster and Burton proceeded to the Harvard Law School, and received
their LL.B. degrees in the class of 1912. Other members of that class included John G. Buchanan of the Pittsburgh bar, Charles Evans Hughes, Jr., formerly Solicitor General of the United States, and later of the New York bar, and Ivan Cleveland Rand, who became a Justice of the
Supreme Court of Canada.
"Justice Burton was married on June 15, 1912, immediately after his graduation from Law School to Selma Florence Smith, of West Newton, Massachusetts, then a recent graduate of Wellesley College. This was a happy union, and Mrs. Burton was a constant support and a
source of strength to the Justice. They had four children, two daughters and two sons. Both of the sons are graduates of the Harvard Law School, and members of the
bar of this Court.
"After leaving Law School, Harold Burton headed west, and was in practice in Cleveland for two years. Then he

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.
went still farther west, and worked as a lawyer in Salt Lake City, and Boise, Idaho, from 1914 to 1917. With the outbreak of war, in 1917, he entered officers' training. He was commissioned a First Lieutenant, and eventually a Captain. From June 1918, he served in France, participating in the St. Mihiel offensive in September, in the Meuse-Argonne, and later in Belgium as operations officer of his regiment. His Colonel recorded that 'much of the success of the operations of the regiment was due to his careful analysis of all situations as they arose, and thorough preparation of the command for whatever emergency was to be met.' He was awarded the Belgian Croix de Guerre, and the United States Army Meritorious Service citation. When the order of the Purple Heart was established in 1932, he received its medal.
"With the close of the war, he returned to Cleveland, and spent the next ten years in private practice. During this period, however, he carried on many other activities. He taught Corporation Law at the Western Reserve University Law School. He was President of the First Unitarian Church of Cleveland, and Chairman of the Research Committee of the Citizens Committee on Regional Government. He was also active in important posts in the American Legion.
','At the close of this period, his character, outlook, and
.standing are clearly shown by a perceptive passage in a letter written to him by a leading -citizen of Cleveland, Newton D. Baker. Some members of the bar had advanced Harold Burton for appointment to the United States District Court. As things worked out, it was perhaps fortunate that this did not succeed. At any rate, when the appointment went elsewhere, Mr. Baker wrote to him: 'My own mind leaned to you because you are young, studious, educated and have a desire to serve your day and generation measured by other standards than the mere monetary reward. There is a long career of fine usefulness ahead of you and I shall watch with delight the successful steps you take in accomplishing it.'

ViII

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.

"In 1928, Harold Burton became a member of the Board of Education of East Cleveland. In November of that year, he was elected a member of the Ohio House of Representatives. On October 15, 1929, he was appointed Director of Law of the City of Cleveland, an office which he held until November 9, 1931. For a part of this time, he was Acting City Manager of Cleveland. On November P, 1931, he became Acting Mayor of Cleveland, a post which he held until February 20 of the following year. For the next three years, he resumed private practice specializing in municipal law, but continued his active interest in public affairs. He was Associate Counsel for the City of Cleveland in its gas rate litigation. He was Chairman of the Intercity Committee of Lake Erie Ports. He was Chairman of the Cleveland Board of Education Committee on Citizenship Training, a member of the Governor's Commission on County Government, and Chairman of the County Charter Commission of Cuyahoga
County. "In 1935, Harold Burton was elected Mayor of Cleve-
land. Ie was reelected in 1937 and 1939. Thus, he was Mayor of this great and complex city during one of its most difficult periods in history, a service which he performed with devotion and skill, and with the acclaim of
all elements in the community.
"In November 1940, Harold Burton was elected United States Senator from Ohio, and he resigned as Mayor in December 1940.. On his last day as Mayor, the Cleveland
News wtote:
"'We consid1er this to be the most unusual man in American politics, and the most unusual Mayor any city has hadin these times. Other cities can take their LaGuardi~s, Kelleys, Hoans. We'll take you; the out-
standidg exponent of a city government that is honest, high roinded, and right in step with all,its people, common
and uncommon.'
. "He took offide as Senator on January 3, 1941. As a
Senator, he. quickly made himself known as a quiet and

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.

IX

effective worker for the public interest. He was a member of the Senate's Committee on the Conduct of the War, of which then Senator Truman was Chairman. During the same time, he was Moderator of the American Unitarian Association.
"In September 1945, President Truman appointed him as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, and he took his seat on the bench on October 1, 1945.
"When Justice Burton was appointed to the Court, the Minister of his church in Cleveland, the Reverend Dilworth Lupton, summed up his qualities in a way which future events fulfilled. He said: 'He will bring to the office a sportsmanship that will win him the respect of both adherents and opponents; a plodding intellectual penetration that will search out the heart of great issues; a faculty for creative listening that is a prime requisite of a judicial mind; and a sense of quiet humor that marks a matured man.
"'And he will bring to the office a spirit of dedication to eternal principles-a dedication that few men possess.'
"In his work on the Court, he continued to show the qualities which had distinguished him in his earlier career. Few men, even among our greatest judges, have achieved the quality of disinterestedness so completely and effectively as Harold Burton did. He was quiet and thorough in his work, devoted to the Court and to the law, and wholly dispassionate in his reasoning and in his conclusions. He always had the warm respect of his colleagues, and the high regard of the members of the bar.
"His first opinion was a concurring opinion in the case of Markham v. CabelU, 326 U. S. 404, 413, involving the Trading with the Enemy Act. His final opinion was in Ashdown v. Utah, 357 U. S. 426, a first degree murder case. In between, were many notable opinions, including his opinion for the Court in Henderson v. United States, 339 U. S. 816 (1950), where in his characteristic logical and dispassionate way he reached the conclusion that all

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.
persons are entitled to be free of discrimination on racial or other grounds in the operation of a carrier regulated by Federal statute. Other opinions which may be mentioned are his concurring opinion in the Steel Seizure case (Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, 343 U. S. 579, 655), where he decided against the validity of President Truman's action, and his powerful dissenting opinion in Unitcd States v. E. I. du Pont de Nemours & Co., 353 U. S. 586, 608. All of his opinions show great craftsmanship and thoroughness. They are simple, direct and unassuming, without verbal adornment or glittering phrase. They do not proceed by the broad sweep, or in generalities, but deal specifically with the case at hand. They are the work of a careful man whose mind penetrated deeply, step by step, and who reached his conclusions through painstaking effort. They reflect clearly the deep interest of Justice Burton in the viable administration of government in the interest of all the people. In this way, as well as in their professional skill, they are important contributions to our law.
"While on the Court, Harold Burton wrote a number of articles which expressed his point of view. He wrote about leading cases in the Court's history,' about John Marshall,' and about the Supreme Court and its independence.'
1The Cornerstone of Constitutional Law: The Extraordinary Case of Marbury v. Madison, 36 A. B. A. J. 805 (1950); The Dartmouth College Case: A Dramatization, 38 A. B. A. J. 991 (1952); Two Significant Decisions: Ex parte Milligan and Ex parte McCardle, 41 A. B. A. J. 121 (1955); and The Legal Tender Cases: A Celebrated Supreme Court Reversal, 42 A. B. A. J. 231 (1956).
2 "Justice the Guardian of Liberty": John Marshall at the Trial of Aaron Burr, 37 A. B. A. J. 735 (1901); John Marshall-The Man, 104 U. Pa. L. Rev. 3 (1955).
3The Supreme Court: Mr. Justice Burton Gives Interesting Comparisons, 33 A. B. A. T.645 (1947); An Independent Judiciary: The Keystone of Our Freedom, 39"A. B. A. J. 1067 (1953); The Independence and Continuity of the Supreme Court of the United States, speech delivered in the National Convention of the Phi Alpha Delta Law Fraternity on June 22, 1956, at Cleveland, Ohio.

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.
"In his work on the Court, as in his previous public career, Harold Burton could not be catalogued. He was never cynical, acid or vitriolic. He was always mild and unassuming. He was always hard-working and selfeffacing. He proceeded through the force of his ideas, and not the strength of his words. As a commentator in the New York Times said at the time of his retirement: 'He has never been found among those public figures who automatically seem to give off sparks. It has been a long time since the Justice created headlines; he has been too busy and too earnest for that.'
"Just before his retirement in 1958, Justice Burton received the Bowdoin Prize, the highest award of his alma mater, made in recognition 'of his distinctive contribution through his outstanding service to his nation and his fellow man.' At that time, his eight colleagues on the Court wrofe: 'Justice Burton has regarded his position on the Court as a trusteeship, and has dedicated himself to it wholly and without stint. His indefatigable energies for keen analysis have earned the respect of those who served with him, as his gentle, understanding, and undemanding nature has earned their deep affection and esteem.' And in the letter which the members of the Court wrote to Justice Burton at the time of his retirement, they said: 'Without exception, we believe that of all the Justices who have sat on this Bench, not one has adhered more closely than you to the ideal for which we all strive"Equal Justice Under Law."' 358 U. S. x, xi.
"With these words, which take on the character of res judicata, we close these remarks about the career of Justice Burton. Much of his contribution during his service on the Court was made in ways which will be fully appre-' ciated only by those who are professionally the officers of the Court. His was a life of service, through which he made important contributions to the nation and to the law. It is accordingly fitting that we members of the bar of the Court should submit the following Resolutions.

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.
"'We do "'Resolve that we, thebar of the Supreme Court of the United States, express our profound sorrow at the death of Justice Harold Hitz Burton, and our deep appreciation for his contributions of public service, where he served with equal distinction and effectiveness in the Executive, Legislative and Judicial branches of the government, in the armed forces, and in civil life at all levels of our governmental system as an officer of his city, state, and nation, and as a Justice of the Supreme Court who was in all places unexcelled in his dispassionate search for light and truth:
"'It is further Resolved "'That the Attorney General be asked to present these Resolutions to the Court, and to request that they be inscribed upon its permanent records, and that copies of these Resolutions be forwarded to the widow and children of Justice Burton.'"
Mr. Attorney General Katzenbach addressed the Court as follows:
Mr. Chief Justice, May It Please the Court: The Bar of this Court met today to honor the memory of Harold Hitz Burton and to recall for posterity, as vividly as dry words permit, the many admirable qualities of the man, the distinguished capacities in which he served his community and his country, and, of particular importance to those assembled here, the contribution he made to the rule of law during his thirteen years as an Associate Justice of this Court. Those who knew him most intimately have already paid fitting tribute to the traits of mind and character which transformed Harold Burton's acquaintances to friends and his friends to admirers. They have, in a sense, reaffirmed what was known by all who were ever affected by his public or private endeavors-that the private citi-

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.

XIII

zen, like the public servant, embodied qualities of courage, dedication and fairness which placed him in the front rank
of men. As an infantry captain,. Ohio state legislator, Mayor of
Cleveland and Senator from Ohio, he was well served by these powerful personal attributes. On many different battlefields, his quiet fortitude enabled him to face hostile
forces with equanimity. Coming to this Court from the rough-and-tumble of
politics and legislative compromise, Harold Burton succeeded, swiftly and with remarkable ease, in channeling the talents which had contributed to his earlier success into the more contemplative cast required of members 'of this Court. During each of his many eventful terms on this Court, Mr. Justice Burton demonstrated anew the qualities of fairness, tenacity and devotion to principle
which had marked his earlier career. His appointment to this Court was itself a tribute to'
his judicious and dispassionate temper. For his political
affiliation was different from that of President Truman, who nominated Harold Burton for the first opening on the Court during his tenure in office. The President's choice was particularly striking in the light of his own commitment to vigorous rivalry between our major political parties; it must have been influenced by the qualities of fairness and openmindedness which he saw demonstrated by Harold Burton during their association in the Senate of the United States and in their joint service upon its committees. Justice Burton's nomination was, in every sense, a nonpartisan one because it placed upon this
Court a man who was singularly free of preconceptions, prejudices, or predilections.
President Truman's judgment of his fairness was by no means the first. From the outset men had appreciated
in him a disarming simplicity, objectivity of judgment and directness of expression. In politics, as later on this
Court, these qualities stood him in good stead. He was first elected Mayor of Cleveland in 1935 as an Inde-

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.
pendent-Republican candidate when the city was overwhelmingly Democratic. In the major battle of his administration four years later, Mayor Burton-then an avowed Republican-did not hesitate to take on the Republican governor of Ohio on the urgent question of
relief. Again, repeatedly, as a Senator, Mr. Burton's inde-
pendent convictions led him against the current of his party's leadership and what others read as popular opinion-most particularly in the Senate debate over LendLease and, in 1943 in a bipartisan resolution which he drafted calling for American leadership in forming a United Nations organization.
From the inception of his judicial career, Justice Burton devoted to the business of deciding cases and writing opinions the same care and energy that had made him an outstanding legislator and administrator. His first opinion for the Court concerned the application of the Fair Labor Standards Act to a corporation engaged in electrical contracting and in the sale of motors and generators. In determining that the Act applied to the corporation's employees, Justice Burton wove his way, in great detail, through the relevant history of the statute-including the debates on the floor of the Congress-and meticulously defining ambiguous statutory terms by reference to authorities ranging from the unabridged dictionary and the Encyclopedia of Social Sciences to industrial manuals issued by the Bureau of the Budget and the Social Security Board.
The precision manifested by this maiden effort emerged time and again in his opinions on questions of statutory construction. As a former legislator, he knew that legislative intent is a restless and shifting creature which almost never stands still long enough to be identified; but he persisted in the dominant concern of searching out the real wish of Congress by placing the statute in historical perspective and determining how Congress resolved the problem before it. He would then reconcile and align

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.
statutory provisions in a manner calculated to carry out that wish as applied to the facts of the case before him without intruding his own view of policy.
Justice Burton left behind him in the legislative chambers all a priori notions of what statutes should say or what proper legislative policy might be. His judgment invariably rested upon an exhaustive examination of all available material casting light upon the meaning of legislation at hand. "He would not," as the poet said, "make his judgment blind." And yet, Justice Burton was wary lest finely drawn lines frustrate the purpose for which legislation was enacted. In his first Term on the Court, he alone dissented from the holding in Commissioner v. Wilcox that embezzled money did not constitute income within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code; in his next-to-last Term, he wrote a majority opinion rejecting the argument that a certain federal criminal statute should be limited in its application to persons committing acts which would have been crimes under the common law. In each instance, it was his view that the very fine line sought to be drawn could not be harmonized with the will of Congress. And his dissent in Wilcox was, of
course, vindicated by subsequent decisions. When, in his view, fine lines were warranted, Justice
Burton could draw them with the adeptness of the most skillful attorney. His carefully limited opinion in Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Committee v. McGrath, in which his vote was the necessary one for reversal, is proof enough
of that. And the hallmark of his opinions for the Courtan introductory sentence beginning: "This case presents two questions . . ." or "The issue here is whether . . ." or "The question before us is . . ."-epitomized his careful lawyerlike attitude towards the decision-making responsibility which resides with this Court. In Justice Burton's view, cases heard by this Court invariably narrowed themselves down to precise issues, and it was on the merits of those issues of law alone that they were to be decided. To him, who the parties were was irrelevant.

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.
Justice Burton enriched our law with opinions ranging over a wide range of subject matter. He was the author of seminal opinions in the field of labor law, as well as cases defining the scope of the pre-emption doctrine. He also wrote opinions for the Court in several major antitrust cases, and manifested his independent spirit in numerous forceful dissents.
At the conclusion of the 1957 Term, a crippling illness which had struck Justice Burton became too severe to permit him to carry on the heavy day-to-day labors required of members of this Court. Upon his retirement, however, he offered and was assigned by the Chief Justice to serve on the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit; he did so for the following five years to the extent that his health and energy permitted.
His interest in the business of this Court never flagged. Despite the obvious incapacitating effect of his illness, Justice Burton would regularly attend sessions of the Court on Monday mornings to hear decisions rendered and would appear for the argument of important cases. His conduct on these occasions made observers of the Court marvel at his courage and dedication to the Court as an institution.
May it please this Honorable Court: In the name of the lawyers of this Nation, and particularly of the Bar of this Court, I respectfully request that the resolution presented to you in memory of the late Justice Harold H. Burton be accepted by you, and that it, together with the chronicle of these proceedings, be ordered kept for all time in the records of this Court.
THE CHIEF JUSTICE said:
Mr. Attorney General:
Your statement concerning our Brother Burton is music to our ears. In honoring him, you honor the Court. We agree with everything you have said, and need only add

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.

XVII

to it a few remarks from our hearts to indicate what he meant to us as individuals and to the Court as an institution through the years of intimate association we had
with him. I think it is not beyond the spirit of our democratic
institutions to say that Harold Burton was a nobleman, not in a patriarchal sense but in the sense that he was essentially a man of noble character, stamped by both integrity and humility. He was in all respects a friend of man, not of some men, but of all men. He was as free from animosity, prejudice and all other fetishes, which are common faults of human nature, as anyone we in our varied experiences have come in contact with. Because of these rare qualities, he was able to engage in the judging process with an equanimity that has been given to few men. Our feeling concerning him may be epitomized in our joint statement on the occasion of his retirement from
the Court. In our letter of farewell to him, we said:
"We believe that of all the Justices who have sat on this Bench, not one has adhered more closely than you to the ideal for which we all strive-'Equal Jus-
tice Under Law.'"
No higher praise could be given to any Justice by his colleagues, and I am sure that none of the ninety-four Justices of this Court could have been more worthy of it. In addition, I think it might as properly be said that no one who has ever sat on +he Court was a more leavening influence than was he-gentle, kindly, self-effacing, but with complete dedication to the principles of justice, he strove diligently and understandingly always for that which he believed to be right. His one overwhelming desire was to be helpful to everyone, on and off the Court.
He was the good Samaritan in every phase of his lifein public office, in his home, and on the streets. He made no show of this lovable trait of character, but occasionally his acts of kindness, which were so well known by his
773-305 0-65-2

XVIII

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.

friends, came to the attention of the public through the press. I will read one article concerning an incident which never would have been told by him, but which was brought to public attention by the beneficiary of his good deed. It was thus reported:
"A crippled beggar was pushing his wheel chair along a rainy Washington street. The pavement was wet. Crossing the street, the rubber tires of the wheel chair slipped, finally stalled at the curb. The
chair wouldn't budge. "A stranger hurrying through the drizzle, stepped
over to the wheel chair and gave it a push. "The cripple wiped his face with a soiled service
cap and thanked the stranger, who asked where he was going. 'To the Union Station,' was the reply,
'to get out of the rain.' "The well-dressed stranger offered to push the
wheel chair to the station. 'We'll go there together,' said the stranger pushing the wheel chair ahead of
him. "'Work for the Government?' asked the cripple as
they proceeded. 'Yes.' "'Veterans Administration?' 'No.' "'Where do you work?' persisted the wheel chair
passenger. 'Over in the court.' "'Which Court?' 'The Supreme Court.' "The beggar twisted his head around for a good
look at the man who was pushing him through the
rain.
"'Which one are you?' he asked. The man who
had rescued him was Justice Harold Burton."
Such acts of kindness were a way of life with Justice Burton. I am sure this way of life was natural to him, but it was also accentuated and made more meaningful by Selma, his wife of 52 years, whose benefactions and service in behalf of good causes have been well known to the people of Washington throughout the 25 years of their

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.

xXX

residence here. Those facets of the lives of these two generous souls permeated their community, their church, and their family lives. With their four children, ten grandchildren and two great grandchildren, they made the ideal family.
As a man of God, Justice Burton found the time to serve as National Moderator of his church.
Justice Burton was one of the few Justices of the Supreme Court who served in all three Branches of the Government, thus bringing to the Court a profound understanding of the prerogatives of each of them and the relationships between them.
As Mayor of the great City of Cleveland, as United States Senator from the State of Ohio, and as a Justice of this Court, he brought his rare qualities and broad experience to all the complex and emotion-packed issues which were presented to the Court in his time. In all of these important offices which he held, his acts were marked with the label of simple honesty.
I shall never forget the statement of one of our colleagues who was endeavoring to give the strongest recommendation he was capable of for a man some of us did not
know. He ended by saying he would trust this man as he would Harold Burton. We all realized what a recommendation that was.
This common honesty was made more meaningful
throughout his life by the calm courage which brough't him distinction both as a soldier in France and Belgium
during World War I, as a reform Mayor of his city, and as a member of the Senatorial Committee on the prosecution of the War.
But, of course, he is best known to us by that same quiet, dignified courage as a Justice of this Court and during the long illness which necessitated his retirement. For this, he will always be remembered.
About two weeks before our Brother Frankfurter passed away, he came to my chambers and told me he would like to have a few moments at this ceremony to express his

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.
feeling toward Justice Burton. He said he could best do this by merely reading a letter he had written to Justice Burton in 1964. I told him I was sure that all present would be happy to hear it. Unfortunately, Justice Frankfurter also went to his reward before these services could be held, but I now read his letter with the assurance that it expresses the sentiment we all have for Harold Burton:
"To you and to Selma and to many others I have often expressed my admiration to you as a member of the Supreme Court, for no member of the Supreme Court deserves admiration more than you for exercising with exquisite and unqualified fidelity the judicial power entrusted to members of the Court.
"What I have just said I would be writing if I were writing a formal history of the Court, namely, that no one who knows the history and behavior of individual Justices during the whole history of the Court as well as I do could single out any Justice who has been more conscientious in his duties while on the Court than you. You were a Judge in all that the term implies for you have never allowed any considerations except those relevant to a conscientious decision of issues before the Court to determine how litigations that came before you should be determined. May all your remaining days give you the satisfaction of having been so conspicuously good a Justice of our highest tribunal and may you not merely live in the past but also may you find comfort and strength from all your past as well as from the happy blessings that the good Lord has showered upon you in your family life.
"This brings you the best wishes and the most respectful admiration of your old friend and colleague."
I will not discuss at this time the important decisions which Justice Burton wrote or participated in during his

MR. JUSTICE BURTON.

xxi

13 years of service on the Court, but they are recorded in Volumes 326 through 357 of the United States Reports, and will always be a living part of our jurisprudence.
Mr. Attorney General, on behalf of the Court, I desire to thank you for your generous words concerning our Brother, and we accept with pleasure the Resolutions of the Bar which you have presented to us. In return, may I ask you to communicate our appreciation to the Bar of this Court and express our thanks for the interest which prompts them to have their sentiments preserved in our records for all time.
Let the Resolutions and your statement be spread upon the Minutes of this Court.

o
00
Z Z
r-
r i
Z o
cn 0
zz z z
Z
E-O- -

-4
Co to
-4
eq
to

eq

eq

0

0

D

C,co di, eqf

"l 0 eq

to

-4
eq t0

Co

0

to

-4

01

eq

eq

to

-4, -

-I

to eq~
-4

Co

eq

cO

to

0

eq

-4

eq to
cq
-4

I-
CO to
-4
t- 00

0
be 0G to
zz z

w" ca

00Cca U1

to

-4 eq

Co

t, -4 -4

00

to

co q

t0

-4

00 00eq to

00

ko

-4

eq

I

0 i

o

IS

I

o

0 ca

M

t .o

eq
4.o

040

-4

)

I

i r I.

i

-

,, ,

A 4
o t

UNITED STATES REPORTS
VOLUME 381
CASES ADJUDGED
IN
THE SUPREME COURT
AT
OCTOBER TERM, 1964
MAY 3 THROUGH JUNE 7, 1965 END OF TERM
HENRY PUTZEL, jr.
REPORTER OF DECISIONS
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE
WASHINGTON :1965

ORDERS FROM MAY 3 THROUGH JUNE 7, 1965.
MAY 3, 1965.
Miscellaneous Orders. No. 1044, Misc. FOSTER v. BOLES, WARDEN; No. 1072, Misc. WHITE v. HEINZE, WARDEN; No. 1087, Misc. STILTNER V. RHAY, PENITENTIARY
SUPERINTENDENT, ET AL.; and No. 1104, Misc. KROEGER V. CALIFORNIA. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 1054, Misc. GONZALES V. CALIFORNIA; No. 1089, Misc. EDGERTON v. NORTH CAROLINA; No. 1090, Misc. DOWNER V. CALIFORNIA; and No. 1108, Misc. STEVENSON V. CHAPPELL, CHAIRMAN, U. S. BOARD OF PAROLE, ET AL. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 941, Misc. SKOLNICK V. HASTINGS ET AL., U. S. CIRCUIT JUDGES. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition and for other relief denied.
CertiorariGranted. (See also No. 923, ante, p. 126; and No. 958, ante, p. 129.)
No. 806. BROWN ET AL. V. LOUISIANA. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari granted. CarlRachlin, Robert F. Collins, Nils R. Douglas and Floyd McKissick for petitioners. Jack P. F. Gremillion, Attorney General of Louisiana, and Carroll Buck, First Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

May 3, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 824, Misc. KENT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Motion of Elyce Zenoff Ferster et al. for leave to file a brief, as amici curiae, granted. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Case transferred to appellate docket. Myron G. Ehrlich and Richard Arens for petitioner.
Solicitor General Cox for the United States. Reported
below: - U. S. App. D. C. -, 343 F. 2d 247.

CertiorariDenied. (See also Misc. Nos. 1054, 1089, 1090 and 1108, supra.)
No. 688. KRISTOVICH, PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR V. SHU TONG NG. Dist. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Harold W. Kennedy and George W. Wakefield for petitioner. Hiram W. Kwan for respondent. Solicitor General Cox filed a memorandum for the United States. Reported below: 228 Cal. App. 2d 160, 39 Cal. Rptr. 254.

No. 982. STIRONE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Lloyd F. Engle, Jr., for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney GeneralMiller and BeatriceRosenberg for the United States. Reported
below: 341 F. 2d 253.

No. 984. FERINA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Walter A. Raymond and Kenneth C. West for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Marshall Tamor Golding for the United States. Reported
below: 340 F. 2d 837,

No. 986.. ROSEN.ZWEIG V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Joseph Henry Wolf and Paul Wyler for petitioner. Solicitor' General Cox for the
United States.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

May 3, 1965.

No. 981. WHITESIDE V. CONNECTICUT. Sup. Ct. Err. Conn. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Ralph H.
Clark for respondent.

No. 988. ALLIED CENTRAL STORES, INC. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Percy W. Phillips for petitioner. Solicitor GeneralCox, Assistant Attorney General Oberdorfer,Gilbert E. Andrews and Norman H. Wolfe for respondent. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 503.
No. 989. SHAHADI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. George P. Walker and Robert M. Taylor for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox for the United States. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 56.
No. 991. SUMMERLIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Josiah Lyman and Sophie B. Lyman for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney GeneralMiller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Daniel H. Benson for the United States.
No. 998. TEAMSTERS, CHAUFFEURS, WAREHOUSEMEN & HELPERS LOCAL UNION 612 v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. David Previantand L. N. D. Wells, Jr., for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Arnold Ordman, Dominick L. Manoli, Norton J. Come and Allison W. Brown, Jr., for respondent. Reported below: 337 F. 2d 697.
No. 999. GODENY ET UX. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Robert M. Taylor for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney GeneralOberdorferand I. Henry Kutz for respondent. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 262.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.
May 3, 1965.

381 IT. S.

No. 1005. McNEIL V. UDALL, SECRETARY OF THE
INTERIOR. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Leif
Erickson and Ellis Lyons for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Williams,
Roger P. Marquisand Thos. L. McKevitt for respondent. Reported below: - U. S. App. D. C. -, 340 F. 2d 801.

No. 1007. FERRY ET AL. V. UDALL, SECRETARY OF THE
INTERIOR, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
Elmer C. Coker and Eugene Gressman for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Williams, Roger P. Marquis and S. Billingsley Hill for respondents. Darrell F. Smith, Attorney General of Arizona, and Dale R. Shumway, Special Assistant Attorney General, for the State of Arizona, and James R. Holman for Gust, Rosenfeld & Divelbess et al., as amici
curiae, in support of the petition. Reported below: 336
F. 2d 706.

No. 971. GRAHAM V. PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. MR. JUSTICE BLACK and MR. JUSTICE GOLDBERG are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted and the judgment reversed based on the dissenting opinion below of Judge J. Skelly Wright. Melvin Hirshman and Earl H. Davis for petitioner. Thomas A. Flannery and Stephen A. Trimble for respondents. Reported below: - U. S. App. D. C. -. 342 F. 2d 914.
No. 481, Misc. BRADY V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari den-ied.
No. 1013. SCHWARTZ V. TANNER. Sup. Ct. Ohio.' Certiorari denied. Richard D. Haney for petitioner. Douglas G; Cole for respondent.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

May 3, 1965.

No. 1001. MOYNIHAN V. NEW YORK CENTRAL RAIL-
ROAD Co. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Lawrence F. O'Donnell for petitioner. Timothy H. Donohue for respondent. Reported below: 338 F. 2d 644.

No. 1014. CITIES SERVICE OIL Co. v. ARUNDEL CORP. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. David C. Wood for petitioner. Christopher E. Heckman for respondent. Reported below: 337 F. 2d 842.

No. 686, Misc. KERN v. RUNDLE, CORRECTIONAL SUPERINTENDENT. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 860, Misc. DEAN v. GREEN, CORRECTIONAL SUPERINTENDENT, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. William B. Saxbe, Attorney General of Ohio, and Leo J. Conway, Assistant Attorney General, for respondents. Reported below: 177 Ohio St. 22, 201 N. E. 2d 598.

No. 932, Misc. FERGUSON V. GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. A. H. Leatherwood,Sr., for petitioner. Eugene Cook, Attorney General of Georgia, Albert Sidney Johnson, Assistant Attorney General, and Dan Winn,
Solicitor General, for respondent. Reported below: 220
Ga. 364, 138 S. E. 2d 881.

No. 950, Misc. ARMSTRONG V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney GeneralMiller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Robert G. Maysack for the United States. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 1015.

No. 991, Misc. WILLIAMS V. MACBRIDE, U. S. DISTRICT JUDGE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM. 1964.

May 3, 1965.

381 IT.S.

No. 942, Misc. OGLETREE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor
GeneralCox for the United States.

No. 946, Misc. DORTON v. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied, Petitioner pro se. Frank S. fHogan and H. Richard Uviller for respondent.

No. 951, Misc. PAUL V. CELEBREZZE, SECRETARY OF HEALTH, EDUCATION AND WELFARE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox for respondent. Reported below: 337 F. 2d 352.

No. 984, Misc. ROOD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller and Beatrice Rosenberg for the United States. Reported below: 340
F. 2d 506.

No. 1000, Misc. KIRBY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor GeneralCox, Assistant Attorney GeneralMiller and Beatrice Rosenberg for the United- States.

No. 1003. Misc. JACKSON V. WARDEN, MARYLAND PENITENTIARY. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 1035, Misc. GOINS V. WALKER, WARDEN. C..A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 6.

No. 1069, Misc. FINK v. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied.

381 U. S.

ORDERS.
May 3, 7, 13, 17, 1965.

Rehearing Denied.
No. 21. CHICAGO & NORTH WESTERN RAILWAY CO.
V. CHICAGO, MILWAUKEE, ST. PAUL & PACIFIC RAILROAD
Co. ET AL., 380 U. S. 448;
No. 887. NEW YORK CENTRAL RAILROAD CO. V. SOUTHERN RAILWAY Co., 380 U. S. 954; and
No. 504, Misc. FERRARIO V. SIGLER, WARDEN, 380 U. S. 957. Petitions for rehearing denied.

MAY 7, 1965.
Dismissal Under Rule 60.
No. 1033. MINNESOTA EX REL. BRANCHAUD V. HEDMAN, SHERIFF. Sup. Ct. Minn. Petition for writ of certiorari dismissed pursuant to Rule 60 of the Rules of this Court. John S. Connolly for petitioner. Reported below: 269 Minn. 375, 130 N. W. 2d 628.

MAY 13, 1965.
Dismissal Under Rule 60.
No. 1102, Misc. JONES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Petition for writ of certiorari dismissed pursuant to Rule 60 of the Rules of this Court. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney GeneralMiller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Julia P. Cooper for the United States. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 599.

MAY 17, 1965.
Miscellaneous Orders.
No. 919, October Term, 1961. GONDECK V.PAN AMERICAN WORLD AIRWAYS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. (Certiorari denied, 370 U. S. 918; rehearing denied, 371 U. S. 856.) Respondents requested to file response to second petition for rehearing within 30 days:

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

May 17, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 6. HENRY V. MISSISSIPPI. (379 U. S. 443; 380 U. S. 926.) Motion of respondent to retax costs denied. Joe T. Patterson, Attorney General of Mississippi, and G. GarlandLyell, Jr., Assistant Attorney General, on the motion.

No. 1015. UNITED STATES V. LEWIS FOOD Co., INC. Appeal from D. C. S. D. Cal. Motion to transfer this case to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case remanded to that court pursuant to 18 U. S. C. § 3731. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller and Beatrice Rosenberg for the United States on the motion. Reported below: 236 F. Supp. 849.
No. 1016. EASTERN AIR LINES, INC. v. FLIGHT ENGINEERS' INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief in this case expressing the views of the United States.

No. 1027. LIST v. LERNER DBA LERNER & CO., ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief in this case expressing the views of the United States.

No. 1023, Misc. STONE V. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox for respondent.

No: 1045, Misc. CHASE V. SUPERIOR COURT FOR GRAYS HARBOR COUNTY, WASHINGTON, ET AL. Motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.

No. 1123, Misc. FISHER, ALIAS MUELLER V. ILLINOIS; and
No. 1143, Misc. JOSEPH V. VITEK, WARDEN. Motion1s for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

May 17, 1965.

No. 543, October Term, 1963. UNITED STATES V. MARYLAND FOR THE USE OF MEYER ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. (Certiorari denied, 375 U. S. 954.) Respondents requested to file response to petition for rehearing within
30 days.

No. 1152. SCOTT, TREASURER OF ILLINOIS, ET AL. V.
GERMANO ET AL. Appeal from D. C. N. D. Ill. Motion of appellants for accelerated consideration of appeal granted and appellees allowed seven days to file responses to statement as to jurisdiction. MR. JUSTICE GOLDBERG took no part in the consideration or decison of this motion. Don H. Reuben and Howard J. Trienens for appellants. Lester Asher and Bernard Kleiman for Germano et al., and William G. Clark, Attorney General of Illinois, for Kerner et al., appellees.

No. 608, Misc. FARRINGTON V. TAHASH, WARDEN. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied. Petitioner pro se. Robert W. Mattson, Attorney General of Minnesota, and Charles E. Houston, Special Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

No. 1162, Misc. GUNTER v. KROPP, WARDEN; and No. 1166, Misc. DIXON V. WILSON, WARDEN. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied.

Probable Jurisdiction Noted.
No. 750. UNITED STATES v. EWELL ET AL. Appeal from D. C. S. D. Ind. Motion of appellees for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Probable jurisdiction noted. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller,Beatrice Rosenberg and Theodore George Gilinsky for the United States. Appellees pro se. Reported below: 242 F. Supp. 451.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

May 17, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 1081. UNITED STATES V. GRINNELL CORP. ET AL.; No. 1083. GRINNELL CORP. V. UNITED STATES;
No. 1084. AMERICAN DISTRICT TELEGRAPH Co. v.
UNITED STATES; No. 1085. HOLMES ELECTRIC PROTECTIVE CO. V.
UNITED STATES; and
No. 1086. AUTOMATIC FIRE ALARM Co. OF DELAWARE V. UNITED STATES. Appeals from D. C. R. I. Probable jurisdiction noted. Cases consolidated and a total of two hours allowed for oral argument. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Orrick, Robert B. Hummel and Gerald Kadish for the United States in No. 1081. John F. Sonnett and Denis G. McInerney for appellant in No. 1083. Macdonald Flinn and Robert 0. Donnelly for appellant in No. 1084. John W. Drye, Jr., Francis S. Bensel and Bud G. Holman for appellant in No. 1085. J. FrancisHayden for appellant in No. 1086. Reported below: 236 F. Supp. 244.

Certiorari Granted. (See also No. 262, ante, p. 274); No. 789, ante, p. 275; and No. 363, Misc., ante, p. 278.)
No. 265. ALBERTSON ET AL. V. SUBVERSIVE ACTIVITIES CONTROL BOARD. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari granted. MR. JUSTICE WHITE took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. John J. Abt and Joseph Forer for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Yeagley, Kevin T. Maroney and Lee B. Anderson for respondent. Reported below: 118 U. S. App. D. C. 117, 332 F. 2d 317.

CertiorariDenied. (See also No. 967, ante, p. 276; No. 994, Misc., ante, p. 274; No. 1031, Misc., ante, p. 275; and Misc. Nos. 1162 and 1166, supra.)
No. 388, Misc. MARCHESE v. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

May 17, 1965.

No. 620. REAL ESPATE INVESTMENT TRUST OF AMER-
ICA ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL" REVENUE.
C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Henry Hixon Meyer and Charles D. Post for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Oberdorfer, Wayne G. Barnett and Joseph Kovner for respondent. Reported
below: 334 F. 2d 986.

No. 864. IRWIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Al Matthews for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Ronald L. Gainer for the United States. Reported below: 338 F. 2d 770.

No. 924. ALLEGRETTI V. UNITED STATES;
No. 925. DARLAK V. UNITED STATES; and
No. 926. FALZONE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir.
Certiorari denied. MauriceJ. Walsh and Anna 1?. Lavin
for petitioner in No. 924. Petitioner pro se in No. 925. DanielC. Ahern for petitioner in No. 926. SolicitorGen-
eral Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Theodore George Gilinsky for the United States. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 243, 254.

No. 946. .AAA CON DRIVERS EXCHANGE, INC., ET AL. V. INTERSTATE COMMERCE COMMISSION. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Harold Harper and Vincent P. Uihlein for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Orrick, Robert B. Hummel, Donald L* Hardison,Robert W. Ginnane, Betty Jo Christian,Bernard A. Gould and Seymour Glanzer for respondent. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 820.
No. 1022. BROTHERHOOD OF RAILROAD TRAINMEN INSURANCE DEPARTMENT, INC. V. ELLGASS. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Clifton Hildebrand for petitioner. Reported below: 342 F. 2d 1.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

May 17, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 927. FORE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Larry W. Morris and Bennett B. Patterson for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Oberdorfer and Joseph Kovner for the
United States. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 70.

No. 933. EASTER ET UX. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioners pro se. Solicitor GeneralCox, Assistant Attorney GeneralOberdorferand Melva M. Graneyfor respondent.
Reported below: 338 F. 2d 968.

No. 978. B. RAY ROBBINS Co., INC. V. VALLEY NATIONAL BANK OF ARIZONA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Albert Sidney Johnston, Jr., for petitioner. R. J. Ellis for respondent. Reported below: 338 F. 2d 467.

No. 997. STROLLO V. UNITED STATES; and No. 011. SERMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Jack Wasserman and David Carliner for petitioner in No. 997. Dan W. Duffy and Sydney A. Hesse for petitioner in No. 1011. Solicitor General Cox,
Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and' Ronald L. Gainer for the United States.

No. 1003. BOUNDY V. CALIFORNIA. Dist. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. I. Glovin for petitioner.

No. 1029. PACIFIC NATIONAL INSURANCE Co. v. TRANSPORT INSURANCE CO. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Edward Brodkey for petitioner. Dan M. Burge, Richard A. Reid, Donald E. Prevallet, James W. Steinsiek and James M. Gardnerfor respondent. Reported below: 341 F. 2d 514.

ORDERS.

381 U. S.

May 17, 1965.

No. 1008. rari denied.
petitioner.

DINSlO V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. CertioLawrence V. Cregan and Ben F. Kelly for

No. 1018. A. G. V. 4SSOCIATES, INC. V. CROSS, TRusTEE IN BANKRUPTCY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. BernardFinkel and Arthur Argirioufor petitioner. Jeremiah F. Cross, respondent, pro se. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 42.

No. 1019. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. CharlesP. Howard,Jr., for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller and Beatrice Rosenberg for the United States. Reported
below: 342 F. 2d 525.

No. 1021. MIMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Fleetwood M. McCoy for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Daniel H. Benson for the United States. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 851.

No. 1031. CAPITOL AIRWAYS, INC. v. AIRLINE PILOTS ASSOCIATION, INTERNATIONAL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Judson Harwood for petitioner. Cecil D. Branstetter and Harry Noe for respondent. Reported below: 341 F. 2d 288.

No. 1036. ALLAN HERSCHELL CO., INC., ET AL. V. UNITED STATESFIDELITY & GUARANTY Co. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Ralph L. Kaskell, Jr., for petitioners. Reported below: 337 F. 2d 881.
No. 1037. JANAF, INC. V. ORSINGER. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Winfred R. Mundle for petitioner. Joseph G. Dooley for respondent.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.
May 17, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 1038. PLAZA LIQUOR STORE, INC. V. CITY OF ATLANTA. Sup. Ct. Ga: Certiorari denied. Robert L. Mitchell for petitioner. Henry L. Bowden, Martin McFarlandand Lewis R. Slaton for respondent. Reported below: 220 Ga. 615, 140 S. E. 2d 868.
No. 1051. DISTRICT. COUNCIL OF PAINTERS No. 48,
BROTHERHOOD OF PAINTERS, DECORATORS & PAPERHANGERS OF AMERICA V. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD.
C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Herbert M. Ansell for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Arnold Ordman, Dominick L. Manoli and Norton J. Come for respondent. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 107.

No. 1064. CALEF V. ROSENBERG, DISTRICT DIRECTOR,
IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE, ET AL. C.A.
9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor GeneralCox, Assistant Attorney GeneralMiller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Robert G. Maysack for respondents.

No. 814. LANDON v. NORTHERN NATURAL GAS Co. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. MR. JUSTICE WHITE took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Byron M. Gray and William S. Richardson for petitioner. F. Vinson Roach and Ralph W. Oman for respondent. Solicitor General Cox, Richard A. Solomon, Howard E. Wahrenbrock and Josephine H. Klein for the Federal Power Commission, as amicus curiae. Reported below: 338 F. 2d 17.
No. 938. MONOLITH PORTLAND CEMENT CO. v. RID-
DELL, DISTRICT DIRECTOR OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A.
9th Cir: Certiorari denied. MR. JUSTICE WHITE took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Joseph T. Enright, Norman Elliott and William A. Sutherland for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox for respondent. Reported below: 336 F. 2d 402.

ORDERS.

381 U. S.

May 17, 1965.

No. 1058. HARRINGTON V. TEXACO, INC. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. William Alan Mudgett and Jack W. Flock for respondent. Reported
below: 339 F. 2d 814.

No. 834. ZIzzo ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted. MR. JUSTICE WHITE took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Maurice J. Walsh and Edward J. Calihan, Jr., for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney GeneralMiller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Sidney M.
Glazer for the United States. Reported below: 338 F.
2d 577.

No. 1006. T. B. HARMS CO. v. ELISCU ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. MR. JUSTICE GOLDBERG took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Gustave B. Garfield for petitioner. Leonard J. Linden for Eliscu, and Lewis A. Dreyer for Ross Jungnickel, Inc., respondents. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 823.

No. 1028. JONES ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Motion to dispense with printing petition for certiorari granted. Certiorari denied. MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted. Guy Johnson for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller and Philip R. Monahan for the United States. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 419.
No. 440, Misc. SPENCER V. NEW YORK. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 2d Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied.

No. 749, Misc. ROMANELLO v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. A. K. Black for petitioner. Earl Faircloth, Attorney General of Florida, and James T. Carlisle, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.
773-305 0-65-54

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

May 17, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 692, Misc. PEOPLES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Julia P. Cooper for the United States. Reported below: 337 F. 2d 91.

No. 750, Misc. PEACOCK V. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. A. K. Black for petitioner. Earl Faircloth, Attorney General of Florida, and James T. Carlisle, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

No. 755, Misc. LEPISCOPO V. MAcGRATH. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller and Beatrice Rosenberg for respondent.

No. 791, Misc. LOSIEAU V.SIGLER, WARDEN. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Clarence A. H. Meyer, Attorney General of Nebraska, and Melvin Kent Kammerlohr, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

No. 802, Misc. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney GeneralMiller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Daniel H. Benson for the United States. Reported below: 337 F. 2d 49.

No. 865, Misc. SULLIVAN V. TAYLOR, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Doar and Harold H. Greene for respondent. Reported
below: 338 F. 2d 1004.

No. 875, Misc. TUCKER V. INDIANA. Sup. Ct. Ind. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

May 17, 1965.

No. 869, Misc. COOK V. MAXWELL, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. William B. Saxbe, Attorney General of Ohio, and Leo J. Conway, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent. Reported below: 177 Ohio St. 41, 201 N. E. 2d 787.

No. 889, Misc. LEYDE v. RHAY, PENITENTIARY SUPER-
INTENDENT. Super. Ct. Wash., Walla Walla County. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. John J. O'Connell, Attorney General of Washington, and Stephen C. Way and Paul J. Murphy, Assistant Attorneys General, for respondent.

No. 891, Misc. HAINES v. RANDOLPH, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. William G. Clark, Attorney General of Illinois, and Edward A. Berman, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

No. 954, Misc. BJORNSEN V. NEW YORK. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 1st Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Frank S. Hogan and H. Richard Uviller for respondent.

No. 961, Misc. DUNFORD V. VIRGINIA. Va. Certiorari denied.

Sup. Ct. App.

No. 964, Misc. BORUSKI V. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox and Philip A. Loomis, Jr., for respondent. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 196.

No. 977, Misc. MATYSEK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Morris Lavine for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller and Philip R. Monahan for the United States. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 389.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

May 17, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 986, Misc. BASHA V. MICHIGAN. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied.

No. 999, Misc. MIDDLETON v. FAY, WARDEN. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 1001, Misc. REEVES V. WAINWRIGHT, CORRECTIONS DIRECTOR. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied.

No. 1005, Misc. LOPER V. CONNALLY, GOVERNOR OF TEXAS, ET AL. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.

No. 1012, Misc. WALLACE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Robert G. Maysack for the United States.
No. .1017, Misc. DUT roN V. WARDEN, TENNESSEE PRISON. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 1028, Misc. ELLIS V. SUPREME COURT OF CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Thomas C. Lynch, Attorney General of California, CharlesE. Corker,Assistant Attorney General, and N. B. Peek and Robert H. O'Brien, Deputy Attorneys General, for respondent.
No. 1030, Misc. RoSARIO v. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied.

No. 1032, Misc. GALLEGOS V. COX, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 341 F. 2d 107.

No. 1036, Misc. JUSTUS v. NEW MEXICO. Sup. Ct. N. M. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS.

919

381 U. S.

May 17, 1965.

No. 1034, Misc. KERNS V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Ronald L. Gainer for the United States.
Reported below: 338 F. 2d 770.

No. 1039, Misc. WATTS V. PEYTON, PENITENTIARY SUPERINTENDENT. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied

No. 1041, Misc. PARKER V. MAXWELL, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 1042, Misc. GUERRIERI V. MAXWELL, WARDEN, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 1 Ohio St. 2d 75, 204 N. E. 2d 60.
No. 1049, Misc. BALLAY v. TINSLEY, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Duke W. Dunbar, Attorney General of Colorado, Frank E. Hickey, Deputy Attorney General, and James W. Creamer, Jr., Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

No. 1050, Misc. SANTOS V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.

No. 1081, Misc. GREENE V. MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 139.

No. 1092, Misc. BORBON V. CLERK, SUPERIOR COURT, COUNTY OF KINGS, HANFORD, CALIFORNIA, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.

No. 1111, Misc. KONIGSBERG V. KOSON, CITY HOSPITAL WARDEN. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Frances Kahn for petitioner.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.
.May 17, 1965.

381 U.S.

No. 1131, Misc. LANE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor Gen-
eral Cox for the United States.

No. 198, Misc. KLING v. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted. John Dwight Evans, Jr., and Leon B. Polsky for petitioner. Reported below:
14 N. Y. 2d 571, 198 N. E. 2d 46.

No. 298, Misc. SMITH V. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. MR. JUSTICE DOUcLAS is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted. Leon B. Polsky for
petitioner.

No. 785, Misc. LEWIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted. Henry Lihcoln Johnson, Jr., for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg
and Kirby W. Pattersonfor the United States. Reported below: -- U. S. App. D. C. -, 337 F. 2d 541.

No. 665, Misc. AUSTIN v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied without prejudice to an application for a writ of habeas corpus in the appropriate United States District Court. Petitioner pro se. Earl Faircloth, At-
torney General of Florida, and James G. Mahorner, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

No. 982, Misc. EVANS V. KATZENBACH, ATTORNEY GENERAL, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari and other relief denied. Petitione'r pro se. Solicitor General Cox for respondents. Reported below: 343 F. 2d 913.

ORDERS.

381 U. S.

May 17, 13, 1965.

Rehearing Denied.
No. 113. THOMAS ET UX. V. UNITED STATES, 379 U. S. 819;
No. 193. ROMANO ET AL. V. UNITED STATES, 380 U. S.
942; No. 865. PATSIS, AKA NicKAs V. IMMIGRATION AND
NATURALIZATION SERVICE, 380 U. S. 952;
No. 897. CASIDA ET AL. V. INTERNATIONAL UNION OF OPERATING ENGINEERS, AFL-CIO, ET AL., 380 U. S. 955;
No. 886, Misc. JAMES V. ANDERSON, JAIL SUPERINTENDENT, ET AL., 380 U. S. 966; and
No. 893, Misc. GRAVES V. TEXAS, 380 U. S. 967. Petitions for rehearing denied.

No. 64. SWAIN V. ALABAMA, 380 U. S. 202. Motion of the American Civil Liberties Union for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, in support of rehearing, granted. Peti-
tion for rehearing denied.

Dismissal Under Rule 60.
No. 1077, Misc. VIDA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Petition for writ of certiorari dismissed pursuant to Rule 60 of the Rules of this Court. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox for the United States.

MAY 18, 1965.
Dismissal Under Rule 60.
No. 1155, Misc. EARNSHAW V. ANDERSON, JAIL SUPERINTENDENT. C. A. D. C. Cir. Petition for writ of certiorari dismissed pursuant to Rule 60 of the Rules of this Court. Petitioner pro se. Chester H. Gray, Milton D. Korman, Hubert B. Pair and John R. Hess for respondent.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.
MTy 19, 24, 1965.

381 U. S.

MAY 19, 1965.
Dismissal Under Rule 60.
No. 1051, Misc. MCCARTY V. ANDERSON, JAIL SUPERINTENDENT. C. A. D. C. Cir. Petition for writ of certiorari dismissed pursuant to Rule 60 of the Rules of this Court. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox for respondent.

No. 1173, Misc. SCHLETTE V. SUPREME COURT OF CALIFORNIA. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus dismissed pursuant to Rule 60 of the Rules
of this Court.
MAY 24, 1965.
Miscellaneous Orders.
No. 1140, Misc. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HAMMETT. It having been reported to the Court that Bernard J. Hammett of Silver Spring, State of Maryland, has been disbarred from the practice of the law by judgment of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, duly entered on the 12th day of March, 1965, and this Court by order of March 29, 1965., having suspended the said Bernard J. Hammett from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred;
And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served upon the respondent, and that the time within which to file a return to the rule has expired;
IT IS ORDERED that the said Bernard J. Hammett be, and he is hereby, disbarred and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.

No. 1163, Misc. HENIG ET AL. V. GESREGAN. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

May 24, 196,

No. 1167, Misc. LISHEY v. CALIFORNIA ET AL. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for a writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Probable Jurisdiction Noted.
No. 831. GIACCIO v. PENNSYLVANIA. Appeal from Sup. Ct. Pa. Probable jurisdiction noted. Peter Hearn, James C. N. Paul and Paul J. Ajlishkin for appellant. Walter E. Alessandroni, Attorney General of Pennsylvania, and Graeme Murdock, Deputy Attorney General, for appellee. Reported below: 415 Pa. 139, 202 A. 2d 55.
Certiorari Granted. (See also No. 957, ante, p. 353; No. 1072, ante, p. 355; and No. 1117, Misc., ante, p. 356.)
No. 819. LINN V. UNITED PLANT GUARD WORKERS OF AMERICA, LOCAL 114, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari granted. Donald F. Welday for petitioner. Harold A. Cranefield for respondents. Solicitor General Cox, Arnold Ordman, Dominick L. Manoli and Norton J. Come filed a memorandum for the United States. Reported below: 337 F.. 2d 68.
No. 877. TEHAN, SHERIFF V. SHOTr. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari granted. The parties are requested to brief and argue the question of the retroactivity of the doctrine announced in Griffin v. California, 380 U. S. 609. MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS dissents, being of the view that the case should be remanded to the District Court for a finding on allegation that the respondent at. the trial waived any objection to the comment made on his failure to testify. THE CHIEF JUSTICE took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Melvin G. Rueger, Calvin W. Prem and Harry C. Schoettmer for petitioner. Thurman Arnold, James G. Andrews, Jr., and John A. Lloyd, Jr., for respondent. Reported below: 337 F. 2d 990.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

May 24, 1965.

381 U. S.

CertiorariDenied. (See also No. 1002, ante, p. 354; No. 1034, ante, p. 354; and No. 1167, Misc., supra.)
No. 832. AVGIKOS v. LOUISIANA. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Chester E. Wallace for petitioner. Jack P. F. Gremillion, Attorney General of Louisiana, and M. E. Culligan and Harry J. Kron, Jr., Assistant Attorneys General, for respondent. Reported below: 246 La. 914, 168 So. 2d 823.

No. 972. HOLLAND FURNACE CO. V. SCHNACKENBERG,
U. S. CIRCUIT JUDGE, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Charles Trynin for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, E. K. Elkins and Miles J. Brown for respondents. Reported below: 341 F. 2d 548.

No. 1026. AHTANUM IRRIGATION DISTRICT ET AL. V. UNITED STATES; and
No. 1035. UNITED STATES v. AHTANUM IRRIGATION DISTRICT ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Fred C. Palmer, John Gavin, Northcutt Ely and Jerome C. Muys for Ahtanum Irrigation District et al., and John J. O'Connell, Attorney General of Washington, and Charles B. Roe, Jr., Assistant Attorney General, for the State of Washington, petitioners in No. 1026. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Williams, Roger P. Marquis and Edmund B. Clark for the United States in both cases. Charles B. Roe, Jr., Assistant Attorney General of Washington, for the State of Washington, respondent in No. 1035. Reported below: 330 F. 2d 897; 338 F. 2d 307.

No. 1042. ALLIED AIR FREIGHT, INC., ET AL. V. PAN AMERICAN WORLD AIRWAYS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Milton Horowitz for petitioners. William L. Lynch and George Weisz for respondents. Re-
ported below: 340 F. 2d 160.

ORDERS.

381 U. S.

May 24, 1965.

No. 1041. ZIMMERMAN V. LEHMANN, DISTRICT DIREC-
TOR, IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Maurice J. Walsh and Anna R. Lavin for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Vinson and Beatrice Rosenberg for respondent. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 943.

No. 1045. LEIGHTON V. PARAMOUNT PICTURES CORP.
ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Leonard Kaufman and Whitney North Seymour, Jr., for respondents. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 859.

No. 1048. PORESKY V. WAHLSTROM, JUDGE, ET AL. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied.

No. 1049. OMAN CONSTRUCTION Co., INC. v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Cecil Sims for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Arnold Ordman, Dominick L. Manoli, Norton J. Come and Melvin Pollack for respondent. Reported below:
338 F. 2d 125.

No. 1052. MOONEY V. STAINLESS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Irving R. M. Panzer for petitioner. Ben F. McAuley for respondents. Reported
below: 338 F. 2d 127.

No. 1056. TJONAMAN v. A/S GLITTRE ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Jacob Rassner for petitioner.
David P. H. Watson and James M. Estabrook for respondents. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 290.

No. 1065. STIRONE V. HURTT, TRUSTEE IN BANKRUPTCY. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Lloyd F. Engle, Jr., for petitioner. Carl E. Glock for respondent.
Reported below: 416 Pa. 493, 206 A. 2d 624.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

May 24, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 1069. SKOLNICK V. MARTIN ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Walter T. Fisher for respondent Martin. Reported below: 32 Ill. 2d 55, 203 N. E. 2d 428.

No. 1094. ATwOOD ET AL. v. HUMBLE OIL & REFINING Co. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. David Bland for petitioners. Walter B. Morgan for respondent. Reported below: 338 F. 2d 502..

No. 1100. SOUTHWESTERN LIFE INSURANCE CO. ET AL. V. PAN AMERICAN PETROLEUM CORP. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. James P. Swift for petitioners. Chas. F. Potter and Roy L. Merrill for respondents. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 211.

No. 1046. THOMPSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Motion of Earl N. Stokes to be added as party petitioner denied. Certiorari denied. L. J. Cushman for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Julia P. Cooper for the United States. Reported below: 342 F. 2d 137.

No. 657, Misc. GRAY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox for the United States.

No. 730, Misc. VALCARCEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Doar and Harold H. Greene for the United States.

No. 778, Misc. O'CALLAHAN v. ATTORNEY GENERAL ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Doar and Harold H. Greene for respondents. Reported below: 338 F. 2d 989.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

May 24, 1965.

No. 912, Misc. SALINAS V. COX, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. N. M. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Boston E. Witt, Attorney General of New Mexico, and Thomas A. Donnelly and Roy G. Hill, Assistant Attorneys General,
for respondent.

No. 947, Misc. WILSON V. ANDERSON, JAIL SUPERINTENDENT. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Doar and Harold H. Greene for respondent.

No. 960, Misc. HODGE V. MARKLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Doar and Harold H. Greene for respondent. Reported
below: 339 F. 2d 973.

No. 998, Misc. WELLS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Chester C. Shore for petitioner. Solicitor GeneralCox, Assistant Attorney GeneralMiller, BeatriceRosenbergand Kirby W. Pattersonfor the United
States.

No. 1040, Misc. CARTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox for the United States.

No. 1046, Misc. CARRINGTON V. CIVIL AERONAUTICS BOARD ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Orrick, Lionel Kestenbaum, Joseph B. Goldman, 0. D. Ozment and Robert L. Toomey for respondents.
Reported below: 337 F. 2d 913.

No. 1093, Misc. WALKER V. WILSON, WARDEN. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.

Sup.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

May 24, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 1052, Misc. CUNNINGHAM TIONAL SUPERINTENDENT. C. A. denied.

V. MYERS, CORREC-
3d Cir. Certiorari

No. 1058, Misc. HALYSHYN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. James J. Laughlin for
petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Kirby W. Patterson for the United States.

Nos. 1078, Misc., and 1079, Misc. GOINS v. TENNESSEE. Sup. Ct. Tenn. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. George F. McCanless, Attorney General of Tennessee, and Edgar P. Calhoun, Assistant Attorney Genera], for respondent in No. 1078, Misc. George F. McCanless, Attorney General of Tennessee, and Thomas E. Fox, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent in No. 1079,
Misc.

No. 1086, Misc. BORUSKI V. SECURITIES AND ExCHANGE COMMISSION. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox and Philip A. Loomis, Jr., for respondent.

No. 1094, Misc. JEFFERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox for the United States. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 193.

No. 1095, Misc. BRONAUGH V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.

No. 1096, Misc. SEYMOUR V. C. A. 2d Cir. C~rtiorari denied.

WILKINS, WARDEN.

No. 1119, Misc. WEINREICH V. WARDEN, MISSOURI PENITENTIARY. Sup. Ct. Mo. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

May 24, 1965.

No. 1097, Misc. FIRO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox for the United States. Reported below: 340
F. 2d 597.

No. 1100, Misc. CASTLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Alan Y. Naftalin for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Kirby W. Patterson
for the United States.

No. 1105, Misc. LINDENMUTH V. PROTHONOTARY,
CHESTER COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA. Ct. Common Pleas, Pa., Chester County. Certiorari denied.

No. 1113, Misc. LINARES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney GeneralMiller,Beatrice Rosenberg and Ronald L. Gainer for the United States.
No. 1125, Misc. MADDOCK V. LEWIS ET AL. Sup. Ct. Mo. Certiorari denied. Alan C. Kohn for petitioner. HarryH. Craig for Lewis et al., and John S. Marsalek for Anheuser-Busch, Inc., respondents. Reported below: 386 S. W. 2d 406.

No. 1137, Misc. WOOD V. MAINE ET AL. Sup. Jud. Ct. Me. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Richard J. Dubord, Attorney General of Maine, and John W. Benoit, Assistant Attorney General, for respondents. Reported
below: 161 Me. 87, 207 A. 2d 398.

No. 1152, Misc. GLINTON V. DENNO, WARDEN. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. James T. Sherwin for petitioner. FrankS. Hogan,H. Richard Uviller and Michael Juviler for respondent. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 872.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

May 24, 26, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 1118, Misc. GUNSTON V. UNITED STATES. Ct. Cl. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox for the United States.

No. 1127, Misc. HACKATHORN v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Fred S. Abney and Robert Power for petitioner. Henry Wade for respondent.

No. 580, Misc. ENT. C. A. 3d JUSTICE took no of this petition. respondent.

HALL V. PINTO, PRISON SUPERINTEND-
Cir. Certiorari denied. THE CHIEF part in the consideration or decision Petitioner pro se. Guy W. Calissi for

Rehearing Denied.
No. 784. BATTEN V. UNITED STATES, 380 U. S. 912; No. 900, Misc. LEMONS V. UNITED STATES, 380 U. S. 985; No. 940, Misc. STREETER V. ILLINOIS, 380 U. S. 985; and No. 1000, Misc. KIRBY V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 906. Petitions for rehearing denied.

Dismissal Under Rule 60.
No. 1244, Misc. PURCELL V. COURT OF APPEALS OF ALABAMA. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus dismissed pursuant to Rule 60 of the Rules of this Court.

MAY 26, 1965.
Dismissal Under Rule 60. No. 1150. TROY Co. V.PRODUCTS RESEARCH CO. C. A.
9th Cir. Petition for writ of certiorari dismissed pursuant to Rule 60 of the Rules of this Court. John B. Young for petitioner. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 364.

ORDERS.
381 U. S.
JUNE 1, 1965.
Miscellaneous Orders.
No. 13, Original. TEXAS V. NEW JERSEY ET AL. (379 U. S. 674, 380 U. S. 518.) Motion for clarification and modification of opinion denied. Arthur J. Sills, Attorney General of New Jersey, Alan B. Handler, First Assistant Attorney General, and Charles J. Kehoe, Deputy Attorney General; on the motion.
No. 780. ROSENBLATT V. BAER. Sup. Ct. N. H. (Certiorari granted, 380 U. S. 941.) Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis denied. It is ordered that the case be heard on the typewritten record. Conrad E. Snow on the motion.
No. 906. UNITED STATES v. ADAMS ET AL. Ct. Cl. (Certiorari granted, 380 U. S. 949.) Further consideration of motion of respondents to dismiss writ of certiorari postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits. John A. Reilly on the motion.
No. 1190, Misc. SCHRUDER v. RHAY, PENITENTIARY
SUPERINTENDENT, ET AL.;
No. 1199, Misc. CARUTH V. KELLER, DISTRICT ATTOR-
NEY OF SAN DIEGO COUNTY, CALIFORNIA;
No. 1229, Misc. DORSEY V. KEARNEY, WARDEN; No. 1237, Misc. STEWART V. MICHIGAN ET AL.; No. 1259, Misc. DRAPER V. WASHINGTON ET AL.; No. 1278, Misc. HERNANDEZ V. EYMAN, WARDEN; No. 1288, Misc. HORNER V. FLORIDA; No. 1295, Misc. SCHWARTZ V. KANSAS; No. 1296, Misc. SHEPHERD V. BETO, CORRECTIONS DIRECTOR, ET AL.; and No. 1301, Misc. BROWN V. WAINWRIGHT, CORRECTIONS DIRECTOR. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
773-305 o-65-55

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

June 1, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 1224, Misc. No. 1270, Misc. No. 1294, Misc.

COTTOM V. CALIFORNIA ET AL.; JOHNSON v. BURKE, WARDEN; COPESTICK V. RHAY, PENITENTIARY

SUPERINTENDENT;
No. 1302, Misc. HUNTER V. PRASSE, CORRECTIONAL COMMISSIONER, ET AL.; and
No. 1330, Misc. SELZ V. CALIFORNIA. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied.

No. 1134, Misc. GOODSON V. UNITED STATES COURT
OF APPEALS FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT; and No. 1227, Misc. Ex PARTE GUY. Motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.

No. 968, Misc. WALKER V. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALI-
FORNIA, CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO, ET AL.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied. THE CHIEF JUSTICE took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.

No. 1147, Misc. RAY v. UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and for other relief denied.

No. 1170, Misc. BIGGS v. JUSTICES OF THE SUPREME COURT OF ILLINOIS ET AL. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition denied.
Question as to Jurisdiction Postponed.
No. 1023. UNITED STATES V. GUEST ET AL. Appeal from D. C. M. D. Ga. Further consideration of question of jurisdiction postponed to hearing of case on merits. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Doar, Louis F. Claiborne, Harold H. Greene and Howard A. Glickstein for the United States. Charles J.
Bloch for appellee Lackey.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

June 1, 1965.

Certiorari Granted. (See also Nos. 950 and 951, ante, p. 413.)
No. 992. CONSOLO V. FEDERAL MARITIME COMMIS-
SION ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari granted. William J. Lippman and Amy Scupi for petitioner. Solicitor GeneralCox, Assistant Attorney GeneralOrrick, Irwin A. Seibel, Donald L. Hardison, Milan C. Miskovsky and Walter H. Mayo III for the Federal Maritime Commission et al., and Odell Kominers for Flota Mercante Grancolombiana, S. A., respondents. Reported below:U. S. App. D. C. -, 342 F. 2d 924.

No. 1157. HOLT ET AL. v. ALLEGHANY CORP. ET AL.;
and
No. 1158. HOLT ET AL. v. KIRBY ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari granted. Cases consolidated and a total of two hours allotted for oral argument. Stuart N. Updike for petitioners. Mark F. Hughes and Allan F. Conwill for Alleghany Corp., and Walter R. Mansfield for Kirby et al., respondents. Reported below: No. 1157, 344 F. 2d
571; No.1158, 340 F.2d 311.

CertiorariDenied. (See also No. 1010, ante, p.421; No. 934, Misc., ante, p. 411; No. 1158, Misc., ante, p.411; and Misc. Nos. 1224, 1270, 1294, 1302 and 1330, supra.)
No. 246. NATIONAL BULK CARRIERS, INC. V. UNITED' STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Jacquin D. Bierman for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox for the United States. Reported below: 331 F. 2d 407.

No. 1047. POWER AUTHORITY OF NEW YORK V. FED-
ERAL POWER COMMISSION. C. A. 2d Cir. Certioiari denied. Thomas F. Moore, Jr., and Stephen D. Finale for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Richard A. Solomon, Howard E. Wahrenbrock and Joseph Hobbs for respondent. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 269.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

June 1,1965.

381 U.S.

No. 815. COMISARIA GENERAL DE ABASTECIMIENTOS Y TRANSPORTES V. VICTORY TRANSPORT INC. C. A. 2d Cir.
Certiorari denied. Arthur M. Becker and Harry Wallach for petitioner. Norman M. Barron for respondent. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney GeneralDouglas, Morton Hollander and John C. Eldridge for the United
States, as amicus curiae. ' Reported below: 336 F. 2d 354.

No. 918. SUNSET REALTY CORP. V. TAX ASSESSOR OF LEE COUNTY, FLORIDA, ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Flit., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied. Thomas P. Ford and Arthur Norman Field for petitioner. Frank. A. Pavese for respondents. Reported below: 165 So. 2d 782, 783.
No. 968. SIMMONS V. WASHINGTON. Sup. Ct. Wash. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Richard F. Broz for respondent. Reported below: 65 Wash. 2d 88, 395 P. 2d 1013.
No. 1009. KEISER V. HARTMAN ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Herman A. Adler for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox for respondents. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 597.

No. 1017. INTERLAKE STEAMSHIP CO. v. NIELSEN ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Thomas V. Koykka, McAlister Marshall and Robert B. Preston for petitioner. J. Harold Traverse for Nielsen, and Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Douglas, Morton Hollander and David L. Rose for O'Hearne, respondents. Reported below: 338 F. 2d 879.
No. 1040. BAXTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. John F. Duggerfor petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Robert G. Maysack for the United States. Reported below: 342 F. 2d 773.

ORDERS.

381 U. S.

June 1, 1965.

No. 1039. KRUM V. MICHIGAN. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Charles C. Wickett and Andrew F. Oehmann for petitioner. Frank J. Kelley, Attorney General
of Michigan, Robert A. Derengoski, Solicitor General, and James R. Ramsey, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent. Reported below: 374 Mich. 356, 132 N. W. 2d 69.

No. 1050. BEH V. CITY OF WEST DES MOINES. Sup. Ct. Iowa. Certiorari denied. David W. Belin for peti-
tioner. Jack R. Hall for respondent. Reported below: - Iowa -, 131 N. W. 2d 488.

No. 1053. RANDALL ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. William C. Jordanfor petitioners. Solicitor GeneralCox, Assistant Attorney GeneralOberdorfer,Melva M. Graney and David I. Granger for respondent. Reported below: 338 F. 2d 924.

No. 1055. Cox, U. S. DISTRICT JUDGE V. HAUBERG,
U. S. ATTORNEY, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Earl T. Thomas, L. Arnold Pyle and Garner W. Green, Sr., for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Douglas, Morton Hollander and David L. Rose for respondents. Reported below: 342 F. 2d 167.

No. 1059. LAURENCE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Joseph J. Lyman and Jacob A. Stein for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Vinson and Beatrice Rosenberg for the United States. Reported below: 341 F. 2d 565.

No. 1074. MCGREGOR V. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. App. Va. Certiorari denied. Edward Stehl III and Quinlan H. Hancock for petitioner.

936

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

June 1, 1965.

381 U.S.

No. 1060. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE USE AND BENEFIT OF CAPITAL LIGHTING & SUPPLY INC. V. MERANDO INC. ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Irwin S. Landau and I. Irwin Bolotin for petitioner.

No. 1061. GROSH ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. E. Barrett Prettyman, Jr., and Charles W. Halleck for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Vinson,.Beatrice Rosenberg and Sidney M. Glazer for the United States. Reported below: 342 F. 2d 141.

No. 1063. ESPEY v. LAUGHLIN. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 1066. POSTER EXCHANGE, INC. V. PARAMOUNT FILM DISTRIBUTING CORP. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. FrancisT. Anderson for petitioner. Robert S. Sams for Paramount Filn Distributing Corp., et al., and Louis Nizer for National Screen Service Corp., respondents. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 320.

No. 1067. W. M. R. WATCH CASE CORP. ET AL. v. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. B. Paul Noble for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Orrick, Lionel Kestenbaum, Jerry Pruzansky, James McI. Henderson and Lester Klaus for respondent. Reported below: U. S. App. D. C. -, 343 F. 2d 302.

No. 1068. I-T-E CIRCUIT BREAKER CO. V. CITY OF PHILADELPHIA ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. PhilipPriceand Raymond W. Midgett, Jr., for petitioner. Harold E. Kohn and Aaron M. Fine for City of Philadelphia et al., respondents.

ORDERS.

937

381 U.S.

June 1, 1965.

No. 1071. SHUPE V. NEW YORK CENTRAL SYSTEM. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. John J. Milano for petitioner. George B. Christensen for respondent. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 998.

No. 1075. BRUCKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. T. N. Petersen and Eugene Gressman for petitioner. Solicitor GeneralCox, AssistantAttorney General Douglas, Morton Hollander and David L. Rose for the United States. Reported below: 338 F. 2d 427.

No. 1076. DEANE HILL COUNTRY CLUB, INC., ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. William Earl Badgett for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Vinson, Beatrice Rosenberg and Marshall Tamor Golding for the United States. Reported below: 342 F. 2d 794.

No. 1012. CALIFORNIA v. DORADO. Sup. Ct. Cal. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Thomas C. Lynch, Attorney General of California, Arlo E. Smith, Chief Assistant Attorney General, and Albert W. Harris, Jr., and Michael R. Marron, Deputy Attorneys General, for petitioner. William Klein for respondent. Reported below: 62 Cal. 2d 338, 398 P. 2d 361.

No. 1078. HEININGER v. DEPARTMENT OF REGISTRATION & EDUCATION OF ILLINOIS ET AL. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Robert A. Sprecher for petitioner. William G. Clark, Attorney General of Illinois, and Richard A. Michael and Edward A. Berman, Assistant Attorneys General, for Department of Registration & Education of Illinois et al., and Owen Rall for Stephens, respondents. Reported below: 53 Ill. App. 2d 182, 202 N. E. 2d 865.

1 938

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

June 1, 1965.

384 U. S.

No. 1077. LEVY v. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Samuel Lawrence Brennglass for petitioner. Frank S. Hogan and H. Richard Uviller for respondent. Reported below: 15 N. Y. 2d 159, 204 N. E. 2d 842.

No. 1079. WESTERN RADIO CORP. ET AL. v. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Charles Rowan for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Orrick, Robert B. Hummel, James McI. Henderson and Charles C. Moore, Jr., for respondent. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 937.

No. 1080. LUKASIK V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Anna R. Lavin and Edward J. Calihan, Jr., for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Vinson and Beatrice Rosenberg for the United States. Reported below: 341 F. 2d
325.

No. 1088. LOMBARDOZZI ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. William Sonenshine for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Vinson, Beatrice Rosenberg and Sidney M. Glazer for the United States. Reported below: 343 F. 2d 127.
No. 1095. QUAGLIATO ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. David H. Finkle for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Vinson, Beatrice Rosenberg and Robert G. Maysack for the United States. Reported below: 343 F. 2d 533.

No. 790, Misc. STEVENSON V. WILKINS, WARDEN. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

June 1, 1965.

No. 1106. RATKE ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Milton A. Bass and Solomon H. Friend for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Vinson and Beatrice Rosen-
berg for the United States.

No. 1156. UNITED STATES FOR THE USE AND BENEFIT
OF ROBERTSON LUMBER Co. V. CONTINENTAL CASUALTY
Co. ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. HaroldD. Shaft for petitioner. Thomas L. Degnan for respondents.
Reported below: 340 F. 2d 958.

No. 715, Misc. CHASE ET AL. V. MCCAIN ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Arthur Kinoy, William M. Kunstler, Samuel W. Tucker, J. L. Williams and Harry I. Wood for petitioners. Rutledge C. Clement and John W.
Carterfor respondents. Reported below: 337 F. 2d 579.

No. 845, Misc. SCHUMAN V. CALIFORNIA ET AL. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Thomas C. Lynch, Attorney General of California, DorisH. Maier,
Assistant Attorney General, and Raymond M. Momboisse, Deputy Attorney General, for respondents.

No. 927, Misc. COOK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Robert G. Maysack for the United States.
Reported below: 340 F. 2d 959.

No. 993, Misc. HAIRSTON V. WAINWRIGHT, CORRECTIONS DIRECTOR. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied.

No. 1047, Misc. GOLDBERG V. OFFICE EMPLOYES INTERNATIONAL UNION, LOCAL 153, ET AL. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

June 1, 1965.

381 U.S.

'No. 967, Misc. BARKAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Kirby W. Patterson for the
United States. Reported below: 341 F. 2d 95.

No. 992, Misc. CONLAN v. HASKINS, CORRECTIONAL SUPERINTENDENT. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Walter S. Hafiner for petitioner. Reported below: 177
Ohio St. 65, 202 N. E. 2d 419.

No. 995, Misc. FEYRER V. BOLDT, U. S. DISTRICT JUDGE, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Peti-
tioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Doarand HaroldH. Greene for respondents.

No. 997, Misc. MURRAY ET AL. V. MARYLAND. Ct. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Leonard J. Kerpelman for petitioners. Reported below: 236 Md. 375, 381, 203 A.
2d 908, 912.

No. 1009, Misc. DI PALERMO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney GeneralMiller and PhilipR. Monahan for the United States. Reported
below: 340 F. 2d 988.

No. 1048, Misc. SANCHEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor GeneralCox for the United States. Reported below, 341 F. 2d 379.

No. 1065, Misc. GLOUSER ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioners pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Vinson, Beatrice Rosenberg and Robert G. Maysack for'
the United States. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 436.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

June 1, 1965.

No. 1055, Misc. HILBRICH V. UNITED STATES; and No. 1159, Misc. USELDING V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. George L. Saunders,Jr.,for petitioner in No. 1055, Misc. James E. Knox, Jr., for petitioner in No. 1159, Misc. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Jerome M. Feit for the United States. Reported
below: 341 F. 2d 555.

No. 1060, Misc. POPE v UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller and Beatrice Rosenberg for the United States.

No. 1067, Misc., WORLEY v. HAYNES, PRISON SUPERINTENDENT. Sup. Cf. Mo. Certiorari denied.
No. 1068, Misc. HALL V. CROUSE, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 339 F. 2d 316.

No. 1073, Misc. JEFFERSON V. MCGEE, CORRECTIONAL ADMINISTRATOR, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 1074, Misc. JAMES v. TENNESSEE. Sup. Ct. Tenn. Certiorari denied. Earl E. Leming for petitioner. George F. McCanless, Attorney General of Tennessee, and Thomas E. Fox, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent. Reported below: - Tenn. -, 385 S.W. 2d 86.

No. 1084, Misc. CARBONE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General.Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Vinson, Beatrice Rosenberg and Jerome M. Feit for the United
States. Reported below: 341 F. 2d 4.

942

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

June 1, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 1098, Misc. DOUGLAS V. RHAY, SUPERINTENDENT. Super. Ct. Wash.,
County. Certiorari denied.

PENITENTIARY
Walla Walla

No. 1103, Misc. IN RE SCHAWARTZBERG. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox for the United States.

No. 1110, Misc. BELLITTO ET AL. V. OHIO. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Petitioners pro se. Corrigan for respondent.

Sup. Ct. John T.

No. 1112, Misc. FERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certioraridenied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Vinson, Beatrice Rosenberg and Robert G. Maysack for the United States. Reported below: 341 F. 2d 565.

No. 1114, Misc. HOERLER v. HEINZE, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.

No. 1116, Misc. EVANS V. BOARD OF EMBALMERS & FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certio-
rari denied. John U. Bustamante for petitioner.

No. 1120, Misc. GANGER V. VIRGINIA. Va. Certiorari denied.

Sup. Ct. App.

No. 1126, Misc. SMITH V. CRAIN BROTHERS, INC. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Louis C. Glasso for petitioner. Carl E. Glock for respondent. Reported
below: 339 F. 2d 599.

No. 1129, Misc. MADISON V. MAXWELL, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. William J. Davis for petitioner. Reported below: 177 Ohio St. 84, 202 N. E.
2d 617.

ORDERS.

381 U. S.
No. 1122, Misc. Certiorari denied.

June 1, 1965. CLARK V. PAYNE.

C. A. 3d Cir.

No. 1128, Misc. BORUSKI V. SECURITIES AND ExCHANGE COMMISSION. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox and Philip A. Loomis, Jr., for respondent. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 991.

No. 1130, Misc. NELMS V. UNITED STATES. Ct. Cl. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor deneral Cox for the United States. Reported below: - Ct. Cl.

No. 1133, Misc. HAIRSTON V. MYERS, CORRECTIONAL SUPERINTENDENT. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 1135, Misc. MALLORY V. MYERS, CORRECTIONAL SUPERINTENDENT. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 1136, Misc. WATSON V. COMMERCIAL CREDIT CORP. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 341 F. 2d 915.
No. 1138, Misc. AZZONE V. UTTED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitiofier pro se. SolicitorGeneral Cox, Assistant Attorney GeneralMiller and Beatrice Rosenberg for the United States. Reported below: 341 J. 2d 417.
No. 1144, Misc. FRANCIS V. BROWN, GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 1145, Misc. CORONADO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor GeneralCox for the United States. Reported below: 341 F. 2d 918.

944

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

June 1, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 1149, Misc. O'NEILL V. RUNDLE, WARDEN. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 341 F. 2d
303.

No. 1150, Misc. MACFADDEN V. HEINZE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 1153, Misc. CARTER V. HARRIS, WARDEN. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor
General Cox for respondent.

No. 1154, Misc. BORUSKI V. SECURITIES AND ExCHANGE COMMISSION. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox and Philip A. Loomis, Jr., for respondent. Reported below: 340 F. 2d
991.

No. 1160, Misc. CARROLL V. EYMAN, WARDEN, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied.

No. 1161, Misc. HERRING V. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied.

No. 1164, Misc. HOWARD V. COLORADO. Certiorari denied.

Sup. Ct. Colo.

No. 1174, Misc. BLAKE V. HEINZE, WARDEN, ET AL.
Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.

No. 1176, Misc. FORESTER ET UX. V. TEXAS & PACIFIC RAILWAY Co. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Otto B. Mullinax and L. N. D. Wells, Jr., for petitioners. Lucian Touchstone for respondent. Reported below:
338 F. 2d 970.

No. 1186, Misc. HEARD V. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

June 1, 1965.

No. 1177, Misc. HEADRICK V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied. John R. Snively for petitioner. Reported below: 54 Ill. .App. 2d 44, 203 N. E. 2d 157.

No. 1191, Misc. DUNN V. UNITED STATES; and No. 1256, Misc. LUCIANO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioners promse. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney GeneralVinson, Beatrice Rosenberg and Kirby W. Patterson for the United States. Reported below: 343 F. 2d 172.
No. 1193, Misc. ROBINSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller and Beatrice Rosenberg for the United States. Reported below: 341 F. 2d 379.

No. 1196, Misc. FINLEY v. HEINZE, WARDEN. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

C. A.

No. 1197, Misc. MCMoRRIS V. SUPERIOR COURT OF
CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF SACRAMENTO, APPELLATE DE-
PARTMENT, ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. S. CarterMcMorris for petitioner.

No. 1201, Misc. LANDMAN V.MARSHALL, JUDGE, ET AL. Sup. Ct. App. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 1203, Misc. MEYER v. KLINGER, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.

No. 1205, Misc. WILLIAMS V. FAY, WARDEN. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

C. A.

No. 1206, Misc. GONZALES V. COLORADO. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 156 Colo. -, 398 P. 2d 236.

946

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

June 1,1965.

381 U. S.

No. 1207, Misc. NEWKIRK V. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied.
No. 1208, Misc. LAWSON V. KENTUCKY. Ct. App. Ky. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 386 S. W. 2d 794.

No. 1213, Misc. SILVERMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor
General Cox for the United States.

No. 1214, Misc. COOPER V. MARONEY, CORRECTIONAL SUPERINTENDENT. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 1219, Misc. POMPEY V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Irving Bronstein for petitioner.

No. 1230, Misc. CAMPBELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor
General Cox for the United States.

No. 1252, Misc. Certiorari denied. 2d 237.

BLAND V. MARYLAND. Ct. App. Md. Reported below: 236 Md. 652, 205 A.

No. 1258, Misc. BRUCE V. HOGAN, DISTRICT ATTORNEY OF NEW YORK COUNTY, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Edward de Grazia and Ernst Liebman for petitioner. Frank S. Hogan and William Cahn, respondents,
pro se.

No. 1253, Misc. GREEN V. RUNDLE, CORRECTIONAL SUPERINTENDENT. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
Reported below: 337 F. 2d 1013.

No. 1264, Misc. DORADO V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct.
Cal. Certiorari denied. William Klein for petitioner. Reported below: 62 Cal. 2d 338, 398 P. 2d 361.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

June 1, 7, 1965.

No. 1251, Misc. JOHNSON V. CALIFORNIA. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

Dist. Ct.

No. 1255, Misc. DEMoss v. HEINZE, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.

No. 1303, Misc. POULSON V. UTAH. Sup. Ct. Utah. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 Utah 2d 151, 397 P. 2d 70.

No. 1106, Misc. MCINTOSH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari and other relief denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney
General Vinson and Beatrice Rosenberg for the United
States. Reported below: 341 F. 2d 448.

Reheating Denied.
No. 839. SMITH V. LOUISVILLE TRUST Co. ET AL., ADMINISTRATORS, 380 U. S. 943;
No. 879. BISHOP ET AL. V. OHIO, 380 U. S. 973; and No. 1027, Misc. VINCENT V. UNITED STATES, 380 U. S. 988. Petitions for rehearing denied.

JUNE 7, 1965.
Miscellaneous Orders.
No. 14, Original. LOUISIANA V. MISSISSIPPI ET AL. The Report of the Special Master is received and ordered filed. Exceptions, if any, with supporting briefs, to the Report of the Special Master may be filed by the parties on or before August 25, 1965. Reply briefs, if any, to such exceptions may be filed on or before September 24, 1965. [For earlier orders herein, see 375 U. S. 803, 950; 377 U. S. 901.]
773-305 0-65-56

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

June 7, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 13, Original. TEXAS V. NEW JERSEY ET AL. (379 U. S. 674, 380 U. S. 518, ante, p. 931.) Motion of State of New Jersey for modification of final decree denied. Arthur J. Sills, Attorney General of New Jersey, Alan B. Handler, First Assistant Attorney General, and Charles
J. Kehoe, Deputy Attorney General, on the motion.

No. 515, Misc. MILNE V. MILNE. Ct. App. Md. The Attorney General of the State of Maryland is invited to file a brief expressing the views of the State of
Maryland.

No. 147, Misc. BELTOWSKI v. TAHASH, WARDEN. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for a writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. MR. JUSTICE BLACK and MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS dissent from the denial of certiorari for the reasons stated in their dissenting opinion in Linkletter v. Walker, ante, p. 640. Petitioner pro se. Walter F. Mondale, Attorney General of Minnesota, and Charles E. Houston, Special Assistant Attorney
General, for respondent.

No. 1038, Misc. IN RE BLEVINS. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for a writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Petitioner pro se. Thomas C. Lynch, Attorney General of California, and Albert W. Harris, Jr., and Michael R. Marron, Deputy Attorneys
General, for the State of California.

No. 1308, Misc. LEAF V. INDIAN CLAIMS COMMISSION.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Weisl and Roger P. Marquis for respondent.

ORDERS.

381 U. S.

June 7, 1965.

Probable Jurisdiction Noted.
No. 1054. BROTHERHOOD OF LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS
ET AL. V. CHICAGO, ROCK ISLAND & PACIFIC RAILROAD CO.
ET AL.; and No. 1070. HARDIN ET AL. v. CHICAGO, ROCK ISLAND &
PACIFIC RAILROAD CO. ET AL. Appeals from D. C. W. D. Ark. Probable jurisdiction noted. Cases consolidated and a total of two hours allotted for oral argument.. James E. Youngdahl for appellants in No. 1054. Bruce Bennett, Attorney General of Arkansas, and Jack L. Lessenberry for appellants in No. 1070. Robert V. Light, Thurman Arnold, Dennis G. Lyons, W. J. Smith and H. H. Friday for appellees in both cases. Reported below: 239 F. Supp. 1.

CertiorariGranted. (See also No. 45, ante, p. 760; No. 321, ante, p. 761; No. 635, ante, p. 739; Nos. 1024 and 1025, ante, p. 762; and No. 884, Misc., ante, p. 763.)
No. 838, Misc. BAXSTROM v. HEROLD, STATE HosPITAL DIRECTOR. Ct. App. N. Y. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket. Petitioner pro se. Louis J. Lefkowitz, Attorney General of New York, Paxton Blair, Solicitor General, and Anthony J. Lokot, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent.

CertiorariDenied. (See also No. 1082, ante, p. 760; and Misc. Nos. 147 and 1038, supra.)
No. 39. PENNINGTON ET AL. V. LEWIS ET AL., TRUSTEES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. John A. Rowntree for petitioners. Val J. Mitch, Harold H. Bacon, R. R. Kramer, E. H. Rayson and M. E. Boiarsky for respondents. Reported below: 325 F. 2d 804.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

June 7, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 1062. COLE ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Edward Bennett Williams and Seymour B. Goldfeld for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney GeneralJones and Joseph M. Howard for the United States. Reported below: 342 F. 2d 5.

No. 1089. RALSTON STEEL CORP., ASSIGNEE V. UNITED STATES. Ct. Cl. Certiorari denied. Max A. Reinstein for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox for the United States. Reported below: - Ct. Cl. -, 340 F. 2d 663.
No. 1091. COOK v. REPUBLIC STEEL CORP. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Mathias J. DeVito for respondent. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 318.
No. 1092. WILLIAMSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. James P. Coleman for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Sidney M. Glazer for the United States. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 612.
No. 1093. TENNESSEE GAS TRANSMISSION Co. v. FEDERAL POWER COMMISSION. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. W. C. Braden, Jr., B. J. Williamson and Stanley M. Morley for petitioner. Solicitor GeneralCox, Richard A. Solomon, Howard E. Wahrenbrock, Robert L. 'Russell and Peter H. Schiff for respondent. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 100.

No. 1096. HAIR INDUSTRY, LTD., ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Nicholas Atlas and Anthony H. Atlas for petitioners. Solicitor
General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Oberdorfer, Joseph M. Howard and Burton Berkley for the United
States. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 510.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

June 7, 1965.

No. 1097. EASTERN DIE Co. v. NATIONAL LABOR RELA-
TIONS BoAD. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Henry Friedman for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Arnold Ordman, Dominick L. Manoli and Norton J. Come for respondent. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 607.

No. 1105. KOOLISH ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Albert E. Jenner, Jr., for petitioners. Solicitor General Cox, Acting Assistant Attorney General Vinson, Beatrice Rosenberg and Kirby W. Patterson for the United States. Reported below:
340 F. 2d 513.

No. 1129. DIVERSIFIED DEVELOPMENT CORP. ET AL. V.
SECURITY TRUST CO. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Gordon Burroughs for petitioners. William H. Armstrong and Robert Broderick for respondent. Reported
below: 341 F. 2d 58.

No. 1184. SPARBER v. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Maurice Edelbaum for petitioner. Frank S. Hogan and H. Richard Uviller for respondent.

No. 442. LAVALLEE ET AL. V. CARAFAS ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Motion of respondents Wilson and West for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari
denied. Louis J. Lefkowitz, Attorney General of New York, Samuel A. Hirshowitz, First Assistant Attorney
General, Barry Mahoney, Assistant Attorney General, and Brenda Soloff, Deputy Assistant Attorney General, for petitioners. Leon B. Polsky for Wilson et al., respondents. Reported below: 334 F. 2d 331; 335 F. 2d
230.

No. 827, Misc. WRIGHT V. MYERS, CORRECTIONAL SUPERINTENDENT. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.
June 7, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 1131. AIRLINE PILOTS ASSOCIATION, INTERNATIONAL V. CAPITOL AIRWAYS, INC. C. A. 6th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Cecil D. Branstetter and Harry Noe for petitioner. Judson Harwood for respondent. Reported below: 341 F. 2d 288.

No. 180, Misc. FORD V. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Frank S. Hogan
for respondent.

No. 400, Misc. DRAPER V. MARYLAND. Ct. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Thomas B. Finan, Attorney General of Maryland, and R. Randolph Victor, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent. Reported
below: 235 Md. 641, 201 A. 2d 496.

No. 678, Misc. ADAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Theodore George Gilinsky for the United States. Reported below: - U. S. App. D. C. -, 337
F. 2d 548.

No. 743, Misc. LLOYD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C.
Cir. Certiorari denied. Morris. Kanfer and Alvin 0. West for petitioner. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant
Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Theodore George Gilinsky for the United States. Reported below: - U. S. App. D. C. -, 343 F. 2d 242.

No. 933, Misc. TUCKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Ronald L. Gainer for the United
States. Reported below: - U. S. App. D. C. -, 343 F. 2d 305.

ORDERS.

953

381 U.S.

June 7, 1965.

No. 835, Misc. HERNANDEZ V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Thomas C. Lynch, Attorney General of California, Doris H. Maier, Assistant Attorney General, and Daniel J. Kremer, Deputy Attorney General, for respondent.

No. 853, Misc. RANDAZZO v. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 N. Y. 2d 526, 202 N. E. 2d 549.

No. 885, Misc. MADISON V. NORTH CAROLINA. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Thomas Wade Bruton, Attorney General of North Carolina, and Theodore C. Brown, Jr., for respondent.

No. 890, Misc. CASTLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Kirby W. Pattersonfor the United States. Monroe H. Freedmanand David Carlinerfor the National
Capital Area Civil Liberties Union, as amicus curiae, in
support of the petition.

No. 901, Misc. CORTEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Robert G. Maysack for the United States.
Reported below: 337 F. 2d 699.

No. 1071, Misc. MURPHY V. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Ohio St. 174, 203 N. E. 2d 233.

MAXWELL, WARDEN.
Reported below: 177

No. 1076, Misc. SUMPTER V. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

June 7, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 924, Misc. HICKOK V. CALIFORNIA. Dist. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. Thomas C. Lynch, Attorney General of California, and Albert W. Harris,Jr., and John F. Kraetzer, Deputy
Attorneys General, for respondent.

No. 966, Misc. WARE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioner pro se. SolicitorGeneral Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Jerome M. Feit for the United States.

Nos. 979, Misc., and 990, Misc. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Petitioners pro se. Solicitor General Cox, Assistant Attorney General Miller, Beatrice Rosenberg and Kirby W. Patterson for the United States. Reported below: 340 F. 2d 126.

No. 1121, Misc. WHITE V. CROUSE, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Kan. Certiorari denied. Charles S. Scott for petitioner. Reported below: 193 Kan. 674, 396 P. 2d 333.

No. 415, Misc. EASTMAN V. FAY, WARDEN. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. MR. JUSTICE BLACK and MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted and the judgment reversed for the reasons stated in their dissenting opinion in Linkletter v. Walker, ante, p. 640. Leon B. Polsky for petitioner. Louis J. Lefkowitz, Attorney General of New York, Samuel A. Hirshowitz, First Assistant Attorney General, Barry Mahoney, Assistant Attorney General, and Brenda Soloif, Deputy Assistant Attorney Generai, or respondent. Re-
ported below: 333 F. 2d 28.

No. 1183, Misc. MOUNT V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Stephen M. Feldman for peti-
tioner. Reported below: 416 Pa. 343, 205 A. 2d 924.

ORDERS.

381 U. S.

June 7, 1965.

No. 975, Misc. JONES V.VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. App. Va. Certiorari denied. Robert Lee Watt and Robert L. Murphy for petitioner. Ralph G. Louk and Donald C.
Crounse for respondent.

No. 373, Misc. CARNEY v. LAVALLEE, WARDEN. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. MR. JUSTICE BLACK and MR.
JUSTICE DOUGLAS are of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted and the judgment reversed for the reasons stated in their dissenting opinion in Linkletter v. Walker, ante, p. 640. Petitioner pro se. Louis J. Lefkowitz, Attorney General of New York, PaxtonBlair,Solicitor General, and Barry Mahoney, Assistant Attorney General, for
respondent.

No. 612, Misc. BERMAN V. FAY, WARDEN. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. MR. JUSTICE BLACK and MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted and the judgment reversed for the reasons stated in their dissenting opinion in Linkletter v. Walker, ante, p. 640. Petitioner pro se. Frank S. Hogan for
respondent.

No. 513, Misc. CRAWFORD v. BANNAN, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari and other relief denied. MR. JUSTICE BLACK and MR.JUSTICV DOUGLAS are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted and the judgment reversed for the reasons stated in their dissenting opinion in Linkletter v. Walker, ante, p. 640. Petitioner pro se. Frank J. Kelley, Attorney General of Michigan, Robert A. Derengoski, Solicitor General, and James R. Ramsey, Assistant Attorney General, for respondent. Erwin Ellmann for the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan, as amicus curiae, in support of the petition. Reported below: 336
F. 2d 505.

OCTOBER TERM, 1964.

June 7, 1965.

381 U. S.

No. 1169, Misc. ROBERTS v. NEW YORK. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 2d Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Douglas A. Jacobsen for petitioner.

No. 748, Misc. SOUTHERLAND v. GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied without prejudice to an application for a writ of habeas corpus in the appropriate United States District Court. Chester E. Wallace for petitioner. Eugene Cook, Attorney General of Georgia, and Peyton S. Hawes, Jr., and Alfred L. Evans, Jr., Assistant Attorneys General, for respondent.

Rehearing Denied.
No. 123. FEDERAL POWER COMMISSION V. UNION
ELECTRIC Co., ante, p. 90; No. 363. SIMONS V. MIAMI BEACH FIRST NATIONAL
BANK, EXECUTOR, ante, p. 81; No. 871. CAUER ET AL. V. BRENNER, COMMISSIONER
OF PATENTS, 380 U. S. 953; No. 899. MURPHY OIL CORP. V. UNITED STATES, 380
U. S. 979; No. 924. ALLEGRETTI V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 911; No. 925. DARLAK V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 911; No. 952. SPOMAR V. UNITED STATES, 380 U. S. 975; No. 956. UNITED PACKINGHOUSE, FOOD & ALLIED
WORKERS, AFL-CIO v. WILSON & Co., INC., 380 U. S. 976;
No. 977. BENDELARI V. UNITED STATES, 380 U. S. 978; No. 988. ALLIED CENTRAL STORES, INC. v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE, ante, p. 903; No. 991. SUMMERLIN V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 903; No. 1013. SCHWARTZ v. TANNER, ante, p. 904; No. 1094. ATWOOD ET AL. v. HUMBLE OIL & REFINING
Co., ante, p. 926; and No. 237, Misc. STEPHENS V. TEXAS, 380 U. S. 980.
Petitions for rehearing denied.

ORDERS.

381 U.S.

June 7, 1965.

No. 481, Misc. BRADY V. OHIO, ante, p. 904; No. 932, Misc. FERGUSON V. GEORGIA, ante; p. 905; No. 982, Misc. EVANS v. KATZENBACH, ATTORNEY GENERAL, ET AL., ante, p. 920; No. 994, Misc. ALLEN V. HOFFIUS ET AL., ante, p. 274; and No. 1050, Misc. SANTOS V. CALIFORNIA, ante, p. 919. Petitions for rehearing denied.

No. 202. GRIFFIN V. CALIFORNIA, 380 U. S. 609. Petition for rehearing denied. THE CHIEF JUSTICE took no
part in the consideration or decision of this petition.

No. 677, Misc. LAWSON V. UNITED STATES, 380 U. S. 919, 989. Motion for leave to file second petition for rehearing denied.

TABLE OF STATUTES CITED

(A) STATUTES OF THE UNITED STATES.

Page

1850, Sept. 9, c. 50, 9 Stat.

452 ............... 139

Sept. 28, c. 84, 9 Stat.

519 ............... 139

1856, Aug. 18, c. 127, § 23,

11 Stat. 52 ......... 1 1871, Apr. 20, c. 22, § 1, 17

Stat. 13 ........... 741 1890, July 2, c. 647, 26 Stat.

209, as amended.... 348

§§ 1, 2.... 311,657,676

Set. 19, c. 907, 26

Stat. 426 ..........

90

1899, Mar. 3, c. 425, §§ 9, 10,

30 Stat. 1121 ....... 90 1902, June 14, c. 1088, 32

Stat. 386 ..........

1

1903, Feb. 11, c. 544, 32 Stat.

823, as amended 348, 414 1914, Sept. 26, e. 311, § 5, 38

Stat. 717, as amended 357

Oct. 15, c. 323, § 4, 38 Stat. 730, as amended 657

§ 4B ........ 311,657

§ 5 ............. 311

§ 6 .............

676

§7 ............. 311 § 10 ............ 437

§20 ........ 657,676 1916, June 3, c. 134, §§ 66,

83, 87, 90, 91,111, 39

Stat. 166, as amended 41 1918, May 22, c. 81, 40 Stat.

559 ............... 1 1920,June 10, e. 285, §§ 3,

4, 10, 14, 19, 23,

41 Stat. 1063, as

amended ..........

90

1921, Nov. 23, c. 136, 42

Stat. 227 .......... 233 1922, Sept. 21, c. 356, § 315,

42 Stat. 858 ........ 279 1924, June 2, c. 234, 43 Stat.

253 ............... 233

Page
1926, May 20, c. 347; 44 Stat. 577, as amended.... 676
May 28, c. 417, 44 Stat. 673 .............. 41
July 3, c. 772, 44 Stat. 887 .............. 1
1931, Mar. 3, c. 411, 46 Stat.
1494 .............. 676 1932, Mar. 23, c. 90, § 1, 47
Stat. 70 ............ 676 § 4 ............. 657 § 13 ............ 676
1933, May 27, e. 38, § 310,48 Stat. 74, as amended 437
June 16, c. 89, § 32, 48 Stat. 162, as amended 437
June 16, c. 90, 48 Stat. 195 ............... 1
1934, May 10, e. 277, § 117, 48 Stat. 680 ........ 68
June 6, c. 404, § 16, 48 Stat. 881 .......... 437
June 14, c. 512, 48 Stat. 955 .............. 1
June 19, e. 652, §§ 4, 403, 48 Stat. 1064, as amended .......... 279
June 21, c. 691, 48 Stat. 1185, as amended. ... 676
1935, June 19, c. 277, 49 Stat. 391 .......... 41
July 5, c. 372, 49 Stat. 449, as amended... 392, 657, 676 §§ 3, 7, 8 ......... 676 § 9 ............. 437 §10 ............ 676
Aug. 14, c. 531, 49 Stat. 620, as amended.... 41
Aug. 23, c. 614, § 307, 49 Stat. 684 ....... 437
Aug. 26, a. 687, §§ 201, 202, 206, 207, 210, 49 Stat. 803 .......... 90
LXIII

LXIV

TABLE OF STATUTES CITED.

Page

1936, June 30, c. 881, 49 Stat.

2036, as amended.. 657,

676

1937, Apr. 26, c. 127, 50 Stat.

72 ............... 392

1938, May 28, c. 289, 52

Stat. 447 .......... 54

§ 117 ...........

68

June 8, c. 327, § 1, 52

Stat. 631, as amended 301
June 21, c. 556, §§ 1, 19, 52 Stat. 821, as

amended .......... 392 June 25, c. 676, 52 Stat.
1060, as amended.. 676 1939, Feb. 10, c. 2, § 3791,
53 Stat. 1 .......... 68 Aug. 3, c. 411, § 310, 53
Stat. 1149 ......... 437 1941, June 21, c. 210, 55
Stat. 252...'.*...... 1 1943, July 12, c. 218, § 304,
57 Stat. 431 ........ 437 1946, Mar. 8, c. 82, § 9, 60

Stat. 41, as amended 252 June 11, c. 324, §§ 3, 6,
60 Stat. 237 ........ 279 Aug. 2, c. 753, 60 Stat.

812 ...............

41

1947, June 23, c. 120, 61 Stat.

136 ..........

437,676

1948, June 25, c. 645, 62 Stat.

683. (See also U. S.

Code, Title 18.) .... 618

1950, Sept. 23, c. 1024, 64

Stat. 987, as amended 1,

437

§§ 3, 5, 6 .........

437

§ 31 ............ 741.

1952, June 27, c. 477, § 215,

66 Stat. 163 ........ 1

1953, May 22, c. 65, §§ 1-4,

67 Stat. 29 ........ 139 Aug. 7, c. 345, 67 Stat.

462 ........ .... 139 1954, Aug. 24, c. 886, § 6, 68

Stat. 775 .......... 437

Sept. 1, c. 1206, 68

Stat. 1052.......... 41 1955, June 30, c. 244, 69 Stat.

199 .............. 279

July 7, c. 283, 69 Stat.

282 ............... 311

Page

1956, June 15, c. 390, 70 Stat.

283, as amended.... 4i

1958, Sept. 2, Pub. L. 85-

866, § 50, 72 Stat. 1606 ............. 54

1959, June 25, Pub. L. 8669, 73 Stat. 112.... 233

Sept.'14, Pub. L. 86257, 73 Stat. 519... 676

§§ 201, 504 ....... 437

Sept. 22, Pub. L. 86346, § 105, 73 Stat. 621 .............. 233

1960, Sept. 13, Pub. L. 86740, 74 Stat. 878... 51

1962, Oct. 11, Pub. L. 87-

793, § 305, 76 Stat. 832 .............. 301

1964, Feb. 26, Pub. L. 88272, § 228, 78 Stat.

19 ............... 54

July 2, Pub. L. 88-352, § 201, 78 Stat. 241.. 421

Revised Statutes.

§202 ................ 1

§ 1979 .............

741

§§2001, 4075 ..........

1

U. S. Code. Title 5, §84d ............ 41 § 156 ............ 1

§ 1002 ........... 279

Title 8, § 1185 ........ 1 Title 10, § 672 ........ 41 Title 12, § 78 ......... 437
Title 15,

§§ 1, 2 ....311,657,676

§15 ............. 657

§15b ........ 311,657 § 16 ............. 311

§17 .."......... 676 § 18 ............. 311 §20 ............. 437

§29 ...... .. 348,414 §45 ............. 357

§ 78p ............ 437

§717 et seq ....... 392

Title 16, §§ 791-823 .... 90

Title 18,

§242 ............ 618

§ 1507 .......... 741

§3731 ........... 908

TABLE OF STATUTES CITED.

LXV

Page

U. S. Code-Continued.

Title 22,

§211a ........... 1

§ 611 ............ 301

§1732 ........... 1

Title 28, § 1253 ......... 1,407 § 1292 ........... 311

§1346 ........... 41

§1443 ........... 741

§2103 ........... 421

§2201 ........... 1

§ 2254 ........... 336

§2282 ........... 1

§2283 .......... 741

§ 2671, 2674...... 41

Title 29,

§§ 52, 101, 113, 141,

151, 153, 158, 160,

201-219, 401 et

seq .......... 676

§504 ............ 437

Title 31, § 742 ........ 233

Title 32, §§314, 702,

709, 710, 715 ........ 41

Title 33, §§401, 403... 90

Title 39, § 4008 ....... 301

Title 40, § 276a ....... 676

Title 41, §§ 35-45.. 657,676

Title 42,

§418 ............ 41
§ 1983 ........... 741
Title 43, §§ 1301-1315,

1331-1343 ......... 139

Title 45, § 151 et seq... 676 Title 47, §§ 154, 403... 279

Title 50, § 781 et seq... 437

Title 50 App., § 1735

et seq ..............

252

Administrative Procedure

Act ...................

279

Banking Act of 1933 ....... 437

Bituminous Coal Act of

1937 ................

392,

Civil Rights Act.......... 618

Civil Rights Act of 1964... 421

Clayton Act.. 311,437, 657, 676

Communications Act of 1934. 279

Davis-Bacon Act ..........

676

Declaratory Judgment Act. 1

Expediting Act ........ 348,.414 Fair Labor Standards Act of

1938 .................. 676

773-305 0-65-5

Page

Federal Power Act .......

90

Federal Tort Claims Act... 41

Federal Trade Commission

Act ...................

357

Federal Water Power Act.. 90

Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 ............. 301

Immigration and Nationality Act ................... 1

Independent Offices Appro-

priations Act, 1956 ...... 279

Internal Revenue Code of

1939.

§§ 22, 42 .............. 54

§117 .............. 54,68

§§201, 207 ............ 54

§3748 ............... 214

§3791 ............... 68

Internal Revenue Code of

1954.

§ 103 ................ 233

§454 ................ 54

§§801-820 ............ 233

§§ 818, 822, 1221 ....... 54

§1232 ............. 54,68

§6531 ............... 214

§7805 ............... 68

Labor-Management Report-

ing and Disclosure Act of

1959 .................. 437

Landrum-Griffin Act ....... 676

Life Insurance Company In-

come Tax Act of 1959... 233

Merchant Ship Sales Act of

1940 .................. 252

-National Defense Act ...... 41

National Industrial Recov-

ery Act ................

1

National Labor Relations

Act ....... 392,437, 657, 676

Natural Gas Act ..........

392

Norris-LaGuardia Act.. 657, 676

Outer Continental S h e 1f

. Lands Act ..............

139

Passport Act .. ............ 1

Postal Service and Federal

Employees Salary Act of

1962 ..................

301

Public Utility Act of 1935... 90

Railway Labor Act....... 676

Revenue Act of 1921 ...... 233

Revenue Act of 1924 ....... 233

LXVI

TABLE OF STATUTES CITED.

Page
Revenue Act of 1934 ...... 68 Revenue Act of 1938 .... 54, 68 Revenue Act of 1964 ....... 54 Rivers and Harbors Act .... 90 Securities Exchange Act of
1934 ................ 437
Sherman Act.. 311,348,657,676 Social Security Act ........ 41 Submerged Lands Act ..... 139 Subversive Activities Con-
trol Act of 1950 ...... 1,437

Page

Swamp Land Act .......... 139

Taft-Hartley Act ...... 437, 676

Tariff Act of 1922 .........

279

Technical Amendments Act

of 1958 ................ 54

Trust Indenture Act of

1939 ................... 437

Urgent Deficiency Appropri-

· ation Act, 1943 ........

437

Wagner Act ...............

676

Walsh-Healey Act ..... 657,676

(B) CONSTITUTIONS AND STATUTES OF THE STATES.

Alaska. Stat., §§ 14.20.095, 14.20.170 ........... 126
Arkansas. 2 Acts (1959) 1160-1161. 336
California. Const. 1849, Art. XII.. 139 Const., Art. IV §§ 1, 6. 415 Const., Art. Ii, § 20... 437 Laws 1925, p. xi ...... 415
Laws 1927, p. Ixxxv .... 415 Stat. 1850, c. 15, §§ 2, 3. 139 Stat. 1851j c. 14, §§ 2, 3. 139 Stat. 1856, c. 46, § 1... 139 Stat. 1919, c. 470, §§ 20,
38 ................ 139 Stat. 1923, c. 160, §§ 20,
38 ................. 139 Stat. 1947, c. 424 ...... 139
Government Code, §§ 23119, 23137 .....139
Political Code 1872,
§§ 3907, 3944, 3945.. 139 Political Code 1923,
§§ 3927, 3945 ........ 139 Connecticut.
Gen. Stat., §§ 53-32, 53218, 53-219, 54-196.. 479
Delaware. Laws 1778, c. 29b ...... 437
Florida. 21 Stat. Ann., § 731.34. 81
Illinois.
Const.. Art. IV, § 6.... 407 Rev. Stat., c. 38,
§§ 122-1-122-7 .... 336
Rev. Stat., c. 46, §§ 158-1-158-5 .... 407
Post-Conviction Hear-
ing Act ............ 336

Louisiana. Rev. Stat., Tit. 9, § 1105 (1962 Cum. Supp.).. 392 Code of Civ. Proc., Art. 3664 .............. 392 Communist Propaganda Control Law ........ 741 Subversive Activities
and Communist Control Law ........... 741 Maine. Rev. Stat. Ann., c. 126, §§ 1-A- 1-G (Supp.
1963) .............. 336
Maryland. Laws Feb. 1777, c. 20.. 437 Ann. Code, Art. 27,
§ 123 .............. 421
Ann. Code, Art. 27, §§ 645A-645J (Supp. 1964) .............. 336
Massachusetts. Acts Sept. 1778, c. 13.. 437
Mississippi. Gen. Laws 1964, c. 343. 741
Missouri. Const. 1865........... 437
Nebraska. Rev. Stat., §§25-1912,
29-2103 (1964 Re-
issue) .............. 336 Leg. Bill 836, 75th Sess. 336 New York.
Const., Art. III, § 2 ... 431 Const., Art. III,§ 7.... 437 Laws 1964, cc. 976-979,
981; ............... 431 North Carolina.
Gen; Stat., §§ 15-21715-222 (Supp. 1963). 336

TABLE OF STATUTES CITED.

LXVII

Page
Oregon.
Rev. Stat. §§ 138.510138.680 ............ 336
Texas.
Code Crim. Proc., Arts. 668, 725, 745 ....... 532

Page
Virginia. Code Ann., § 18.1-292 (1960 Repl. Vol.)... 131
Wyoming. Stat. Ann., §§ 7-408.17-408.8 (1963 Cue. Supp.) ............ 336

(C) PROCLAMATION.

1953, Jan. 17, 67 Stat. c31 ..................................

1

(D) REORGANIZATION PLAN.

Reorganization Plan No. 21 of 1950, 64 Stat. 1273 ............

252

(E) TREATIES AND CONVENTIONS.

1951, Aug. 3 (Treaty of Friendship, Commerce and Navigation

with Greece), 5 U. S. T. 1829 .............................

124

1961, Mar. 24 (Convention on Territorial Sea and Contiguous

Zone), T. I. A. S. No. 5639 ............................... 139

(F) FOREIGN STATUTES.

Page

England.

12 Car. 2, c. 30 ........ 437

13 Car. 2, Stat. I, c. 15. 437

19 Car. 2, c. 10 ........ 437

9 Geo. 1, c. 15 ........ 437

11 Geo. 3, c. 55 ........ 437

19 Geo.2,c.26 ........ 437

26 Hen. 8, c. 25 ...... 437

3 Jac. 1, c. 2 ..........

437

21 Rich. 2, c. 6 ........ 437

6 & 7 Will. 4, c. 114 .... 532

Page
England-Continued. 7 Will. 3, c. 3 ......... 532 8 Will. 3, c. 5 ......... 437 10 & 11 Will. 3, c. 13... 437 13 Will. 3, c. 3 ........ 437 3 Statutes of the Realm, p. 529 .............. 437 Act for Attainder of Pretended Prince of Wales of High Treason (1700) ......... 437

TABLE OF CASES CITED

Page

Aaron, Ex parte, 275 Ala.

377

346

Adams v. Tanner, 244 U. S.

590

515

Adams Dairy v. St. Louis

Dairy, 260 F. 2d 46 663,664

Adamson v. California, 332

U. S. 46

492,501,

525,526,528, 559,560

Adkins v. Children's Hospi-

tal, 261 U. S. 525

511,

512,515,518,524, 642

Adler v. Board of Education,

342 U. S. 485

481

Aguilar v. Texas, 378 U. S.

108

224,230-232

Alabama v. Texas, 347 U. S.

272

184

A. L. A. Schechter Poultry

v. United States, 295 U. S.

495

22

Alaska Packers v. Industrial

Accident Comm'n, 294

U. S. 532

85

Alcorta v. Texas, 355 U. S.

28

564

Alco-Zander Co. v. Clothing

Workers, 35 F. 2d 203

703,716-718 Allen v. Grand Central Air-

craft, 347 U. S. 535

6

Allen Bradley Co. v. Union,

325 U. S.797

662,

663, 672-675, 706-708, 712, 728, 735, 737, 738

Allied Stores v. Bowers, 358

U. S. 522

505

American Banana Co. v.

United Fruit, 213 U. S. 347 671 American Com. Assn. v.

Douds, 339 U. S. 382 439, 447, 455, 457, 458,

460, 464-467, 477 American Medical Assn. v.

United States, 76 U. S.

App. D. C. 70

671

773-305 0-65-4

Page

American State Bank v.

United States, 279 F. 2d

585

79

American Sumatra Tobacco

v. SEC, 71 App. D. C.

259

292

American Tobacco v. United

States, 328 U. S. 781

715

American Trucking Assns. v.

United States, 344 U. S.

298

112

Anderson v. Shipowners, 272

U. S. 359

669

Angelet v. Fay, 333 F. 2d 12

620, 629, 645 Angle v. Chicago, St. P., M.

& O. R. Co., 151 U. S. 1 671

Apex Hosiery v. Leader, 310

U. S. 469

664,

666, 700, 704, 705, 709,

711, 714, 718, 723-725

Aptheker v. Secretary of

State, 378 U. S.500

6,14, 16, 20, 25-28, 38,

308, 456, 464, 487, 492,

498, 504, 517 Aris v. State, 162 So. 2d 670 129

Armstrong v. Armstrong, 350

U. S. 568

85

Ashwander v. TVA, 297 U. S.

288

491

Associated Press v. United

States, 326 U. S. 1

668

Association. For labor union,

see name of trade. Atlantic Rfg. v. FTC, 381

U. S. 357

740

Atlantic Rfg. v. Pub. Serv.

Comm'n, 360 U. S. 378 395 Automobile Club v. Commis-

sioner, 353 U. S. 180

71,72,75,76

Avery v. Georgia, 345 U. S.

559

594

Baggett v. Bullitt, 377 U. S.

360

482,756-758

XLIX

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Baker v. Carr, 369 U. S. 186 409 Baker v. Retail Clerks, 313

Ill. App. 432

693

Bakery Drivers v. Wagshal,

333 U. S. 437

.686, 689

Baldwin v. Missouri, 281

U. S. 586

521

Banach v. Boles, 147 W. Va.

850

346

Banco Nacional de Cuba v.

Sabbatino, .376 U. S. 398 37 Barenblatt v. United States,

360 U. S. 109

482

Barr v: Columbia, 378 U. S.

146

424,425,427

Barrows v. Jackson, 346

U. S. 249

481

Bates v. Little Rock, 361

U. S. 516

497, 504, 530

Beal v. Missouri Pac. R. Co.,

312 U. S. 45

745,759

Bedford Co. v. Stone Cut-

ters, 274 U. S. 37 703, 706, 717

Bell v. Maryland, 378 U. S.

226

423,743

Beltowski v. Tahash, 266

Minn. 182

620

Betts v. Brady, 316 U. S.

455

512,590,616

Bingham v. Miller, 17 Ohio

445

624

Blaauw v. Grand Trunk

Western R. Co., 380 U. S.

127

626

Blackburn v. Alabama, 361

U. S. 199

638

Blackwell v. United States,

321 F. 2d 96

45

Blau v. Lehman, 368 U. S.

403

468

Blow v. North Carolina, 379

U..S. 684

429

Board of Education v. Bar-

ngtte, 319 U. S. 624

483

Board of Governors v. Agnew, 329 U. S. 441

453, 465,466,471,472 Boles v. Stevenson, 379 U. S.

43

344

Bolling v. Sharpe, 347 U. S.

497

14,308,487,492,517

Bouie v. Columbia, 378 U. S.

347

427

Page

Boyd v. United States, 116

U. S. 616 309,484,647-649 Brady v. Maryland, 373 U. S.

83

557,564

Bransford, Ex parte, 310

U. S. 354

6

Breard v. Alexandria, 341

U. S. 622

485

Brecklein v. Bookwalter, 231

F. Supp. 404

77

Bridges v. California, 314

U. S. 252 542,559,562,585, 615

Bristow v. United States, 309

F. 2d 465

45

Brotherhood. F o r Ia b o r

union, see name of trade.

Brown v. Board of Educa-

tion, 347 U. S. 483 564, 594

Brown v. Mississippi, 297

U. S. 278

611,638

Brown v. Rayfield, 320 F.

2d 96

746

Brown Shoe Co. v. United

States, 370 U. S. 294

414

Bruce's Juices v. American

Can, 330 U. S. 743

318

Brumfield v. State, 108 So.

2d 33

581

Bryant v. Zimmerman, 278

U. S. 63

474

Buckeye Powder v. Du Pont,

223 F. 881

734

Burlington Truck Lines v.

United States, 371 U. S.

156

382,383,389

Burnett v. New York Cen-

tral R. Co., 380 U. S. 424

321,335

Burns Baking Co. v. Bryan,

264 U. S. 504

515,524

Bushell, Edward, 6 How. St.

Tr. 999

558

Butcher v. Bloom, 415 Pa.

438

409

Butler v. Michigan, 352 U. S.

380

310

Buxton v. Ullman, 147 Conn.

48

503

Calder v. Bull, 3 Dall. 386 445,460, 491,525

California v. Hurst, 325 F.

2d 891

620

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

California v. Lo-Vaca Gathering Co., 379 U. S. 366 391

Canon 35, In re, 296 P. 2d

465

580

Cantwell v. Connecticut, 310

U. S. 296

25-27,488,492

Carfer v. Caldwell, 200 U. S.

293

473

Carlsen v. State, 129 Neb.

84

341

Carpenter v. Wabash R. Co.,

309 U. S. 23

626,627

Carpenters v. United States, 330 U. S. 395

662, 663, 665,735

Carrington v. Rash, 380

U. S. 89

487

Carter v. Illinois, 329 U. S.

173

343

Case v. Nebraska, 381 U. S.

336

753

Caulkins v. Commissioner, 1 T. C. 656 63-66, 70-72, 74-79

Chambers v. Florida, 309

U. S. 227

517,611

Chicago Bd. of Trade v.

United States, 246 U. S.

231

693,736

Chicago, B. & Q. R. Co. v.

Chicago, 166 U. S.226 488

Chicot Drainage Dist. v.

Baxter Bank, 308 U. S.

371

625,627, 636, 643, 645

Chrysler Corp. v. United

States, 316 U. S. 556

352

Cielesz v. Meat Cutters, 25

Ill. App. 2d 491

693

Cities Serv. Gas v. State

Corp. Comm'n of Kans.,

355 U. S.391

402

City. See also name of city.

City Loan Co. v. United States, 177 F. Supp. 843 77
Civil Aeronautics Bd. v. Hermann, 353 U. S. 322 290

Clark v. Allen, 331 U. S.

503

124

Cobb v. Balkcom, 339 F. 2d

95

346

Cochran v. Kansas, 316

U. S. 255

339

Cody v. State, 361 P. 2d 307 581

Page

Cohen v. Hurley, 366 U. S.

117

486

Cole v. Arkansas, 333 U. S.

196

428,560

Colgate-Palmolive v. FTC,

326 F. 2d 517

405

Commissioner v. Gillette Motor Co., 364 U. S. 130 57

Commissioner v. Morgan,

272 F. 2d 936

56

Commissioner v. Noel, 380

U. S. 678

112

Commissioner v. P. G. Lake,

Inc., 356 U. S. 260

57

Commissioner v. Wilcox, 327

U. S. 404

627

Commissioner of Internal Revenue. See Commissioner.

Communications Commission. See Federal Com. Comm'n.

Communist Party v. Control Board, 367 U. S. 1 450, 452, 457,470,478

Connecticut Railway &Light-

ing v. United States, 142

F. Supp. 907

77

Consolidated Edison v. La-

bor Board, 305 U. S. 197 95

Continental Ore v. Union

Carbide, 370 U. S. 690 671

Cooper v. Aaron, 358 U. S. 1 435

Cooper v. Telfair, 4 Dall. 14 442

Coppage v. Kansas, 236 U. S.

1

515,524

Corfu Channel Case, [1949]

I. C. J. Rep. 4

172

Corn Products v. Commis-

sioner, 350 U. S. 46

57

Coronado Coal v. Mine

Workers, 268 U. S. 295

703,717,734

Costanzo v. Tillinghast, 287

U. S. 341

11

Courtney v. United States,

230 F. 2d 112

45

Cox v. Louisiana, 379 U. S.

536

423,

430,509. 750.751,757

Cox v. Louisiana, 379 U. S.

559 508, 536, 560, 561, 593.

595, 615, 750, 751, 757

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Craig v. Harney, 331 U. S.

367 541, 557, 561, 562, 585

Cromwell, In re, 232 Md.

409

427

Crozier v. Krupp, 224 U. S.

290

627

Cummings v. Missouri, 4

Wall. 277

447,448,

457, 461, 462, 476, 504 Darcy v. Handy, 351 U. S.

454

562

Day-Brite Lighting v. Mis-

souri, 342 U. S. 421

523

De Jonge v. Oregon, 299

U. S. 353

428,483

Denman v. Slayton, 282

U. S. 514

245-249, 251

Dent v. West Virginia, 129

U. S. 114

448, 476, 504

Deputy v. Du Pont, 308

U. S. 488

57,59

DeVeau v. Braisted, 363

U. S. 144

452,469

Dinsmore v. Southern Ex-

press, 183 U. S. 115

627

Dixon v. United States, 333

F. 2d 1016.

56

Dixon v. United States, 381

U.S. 68

63,64

Dombrowski v. Pfister, 380

U. S. 479

308, 741, 742,

747-749, 752,, 754-759

Donnell v. Nash, 323 F.

2d 850

346

Doughty v. Maxwell, 376

U. S. 202

628

Douglas v. Alabama, 380

U. S. 415

347, 560

Douglas v. California, 372

U. S. 353

763

Douglas v. Jeannette, 319

U. S. 157 745-747, 755, 758, 759
Douglas v. Noble, 261 U. S.

165

7,504

Dover v. United States, 192

F. 2d 431

45

Dowd v. Cook, 340 U. S. 206 339

Drehman v. Stifle, 8 Wall.

595

448

Dreyer v. Illinois, 187 U. S.

71

473

Dunn, In re, 150 Neb. 669 341

Page

Duplex Co. v. Deering, .254 U. S. 443 697, 700, 702, 703, 710, 713, 725, 729, 735
Eastern R. Conf. v. Noerr

Motors, 365 U. S. 127 669-671

Edison Co. v. Labor Board,

305 U. S. 197

95

Edwards v. California, 314

U. S. 160

15

Edwards v. South Carolina,

372 U. S. 229

530

E. Griffiths Hughes, Inc. v. FTC, 61 App. D. C. 386 292

Electrical Workers v. United

States, 219 F. 2d 431 663 Electric Bond Co. v. SEC,

303 U. S. 419 ·

94

Elkins v. United States, 364

U. S. 206

633

Elmo v. United States, 197

F. 2d 230

45

El Paso v. Simmons, 379

U. S. 497

509

Emich Motors v. General

Motors, 340 U. S. 558 317

Endicott Johnson Corp. v.

Perkins, 317 U. S. 501 290,711

England v. Louisiana Medi-

cal Examiners, 375 U. S.

411

622

Entick v. Carrington, 19

How. St. Tr. 1029

484

Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins,

304 U. S. 64

626

Eskridge v. Washington

Board, 357 U. S. 214 628,643

Estin v. Estin, 334 U. S. 541

84,88

Evers v. Dwyer, 358 U. S.

202

19

Exchange Parts v. United

States, 150 Ct. Cl. 538 77

Ex parte. See name of party.

Fahy v. Connecticut, 375

U. S. 85

622

Fairbanks v. United Stai.es,

306 U. S. 436

78

Far East Conf. v. United

States, 342 U. S. 570

685

Fashion Guild v. FTC, 312

U. S. 457

369,669,737

Fay v. New York, 332 U. S.

261

578

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Fay v. Noia, 372 U. S. 391

344, 347, 638, 639, 645,

646, 651-653

Federal Com. Comm'n v.

Pottsville Broad. Co., 309

U. S. 134

289-291, 406

Federal Com. Comm'n v.

WJR, 337 U. S. 265

289

Federal Power Comm'n v.

Marr, 381 U. S. 392

762

Federal Power Comm'n v.

Panhandle Eastern Pipe

Line, 337 U. S. 498

399,402-406

Federal Radio Comm'n v.

Nelson Bros., 289 U. S.

266

291

Federal Trade Comm'n v.

Cement Institute, 333

U. S. 683

367, 368, 671

Federal Trade Comm'n v.

Henry Broch Co., 368

U. S. 360

376

Federal Trade Comm'n v.

Motion 2icture Adv. Co.,

344 U. S. 392

369

Federal Trade. Comm'n v.

Ruberoid Co., 343 U. S.

470

377

Federation of Labor v. Mc-

Adory, 325 U. S.450

20

Fenner v. Boykin, 271 U. S.

240

745,759

Ferguson v. Skrupa, 372

U. S. 726

523,528,729

Fibreboard Prods. v. Labor

Board, 379 U. S. 203 665, 712

First Iowa Coop. v. FPC,

328 U. S. 152

99,101

Fisher v. Commissioner, 209

F. 2d 513

67

Flemming v. Nestor, 363

U. S. 603

462,476

Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch

87

446,447,473,514

Florida Lime Growers v.

Jacobsen, 362 U. S.73

6

Fogarty v. United States,

340 U. S. 8

269

Ford Motor Co. v. United

States, 335 U. S.303

352

Forty-fourth Gen. Assembly

v. Lucas, 379 U. S. 693 420

Page

Foster v. Illinois, 332 U. S.

134

343

Frank v. Mangum, 237 U. S.

309

343,560, 593

Frank v. Maryland, 359

U. S. 360

485

Freedman v. Maryland, 380

U. S. 51

309

Frost - Johnson Lumber v.

Salling's Heirs, 150 La. 756 400

Gaitan v. United States, 317

F. 2d 494

620

Gardner v. Massachusetts,

305 U. S. 559

523

Garland, Ex parte, 4 Wall.

333

447,448,457,461

Garment Workers v. Labor

Board, 366 U. S. 731

708

Garner v. Los Angeles

Board, 341 U. S. 716

451

Garner v. Louisiana, 368

U. S. 157 424,425,427,428

Garner v. Teamsters, 346

U. S. 485

708,712

Garrison v. Louisiana, 379

U. S. 64

309

Gelpcke v. Dubuque, 1 Wall.

175

624

General Oil v. Crain, 209

U. S. 211

343

Gibbons v. Commissioner, 37

T. C. 569

56

Gibonev v. En-pire Storage,

336 U. S. 490 482,508,736

Gideon v. Wainwright, 372

U. S. 335

136, 340, 488,

492, 526, 543, 559, 560,

578, 590, 616, 628, 639

Giordenello v. United States,

357 U. S. 480 222-224,230, 232 Gitlow v. New York, 268

U. S. 652

487,488

Gold v. DiCarlo, 380 U. S.

520

523

Graber Mfg. v. Dixon, 223

F. Supp. 1020

293

Gray v. Powell, 314 U. S.

402

400,401

Great Northern R. Co. v. Sunburst Oil, 287 U. S.

358

622,625, 629, 643

Gremillion v. NAACP, 366

U. S. 293

27

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Griffin v. California, 380

U. S. 609 275,488,500,594

Griffin v. Illinois, 351 U. S.

12

622, 628, 639, 643

Griffin v. Maryland, 378

U. S. 130

423,426,427

Haley v. Ohio, 332 U. S. 596 512

Hall v. Warden, 313 F. 2d

483

620

Hamilton v. Aljibama, 368

U. S. 52

567

Hamm v. Rock Hill, 379

U. S. 306 355,424, 428,743

Hammer v. Dagenhart, 247

U. S. 251

105

Hannegan v. Esquire, 327

U. S. 146

306

Hanover Bank v. Commis-

sioner, 369 U. S. 672

59

Harman v. Forssenius, 380

U. S. 528

306

Hartford - Empire Co. v. United States, 323 U. S.

386

734

Hawk v. Olson, 145 Neb.

306

341

Hawker v. New York, 170

U. S. 189 452,468-472,476

Hebert v. Louisiana, 272

U. S. 312

512

Heike v. United States, 227

U. S. 131

671

Helvering v. Independent

Life Ins., 292 U. S. 371 245-247

Helvering v. Reynolds, 313

U. S. 428

72, 112

Helvering v. Reynolds To-

bacco, 306 U. S. 110

59

Helvering v. Union Pac. R.

Co., 293 U. S. 282

66

Henry v. Mississippi, 379

U. S. 443

344,347

Highland Supply Corp. v.

Reynolds Metals, 327 F.

2d 725

314

H. J. Heinz v. Labor Board,

311 U. S. 514

730

Holland v. United States,

348 U. S. 121

225

Hort v. Commissioner, 313

U. S. 28

57,58

Page

Hughes v. United States, 342

U. S. 353

352

Hughes v. WMCA, 379 U. S.

694

433

Hughes, Inc. v. FTC, 61

App. D. C. 386

292

Hunt v. Crumboch, 325 U. S.

821

682,725,735

Hunt v. Warden, 335 F. 2d

936

346

Idlewild Liquor v. Epstein,

370 U. S. 713

7

In re. See name of party.

Internal Revenue Service.

See Commissioner.
International. For labor union, see name of trade.
International Salt v. United States, 332 U. S. 392 370, 371

Interstate Circuit v. United States, 306 U. S. 208 673, 715
Irvin v. Dowd, 366 U. S. 717 136, 543, 544, 557, 560,
561, 592, 593, 611 Irvine v. California, 347

U. S. 128 512,631,632,637

Isbrandtsen-Moller Co. v.

United States, 300 U. S.

139

292

Jackman v. Bodine, 43 N. J.

453

409

Jackson v. Denno, 378 U. S. 368 344, 557, 560, 563, 579, 593, 616, 628, 638, 639
Jackson v. Olson, 146 Neb.

885

341

Jacob Siegel Co. v. FTC, 327

U. S. 608

376

Jacobson v. Massachusetts,

197 U. S. 11

504

Jaglom v. Commissioner, 303

F. 2d 847

67

James v. United States, 366

U. S. 213

627,644

Jameson & Co. v. Morgen-

thau, 307 U. S. 171

6

Jay Burns Baking Co. v.

Bryan, 264 U. S. 504 515,524

Jennings v. Illinois, 342 U. S.

104

343

Jewel Tea v. Meat Cutters,

274 F. 2d 217

682

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Johnson v. Eisentrager, 339

U. S. 763

308

Johnson v. United States,

163 F. 30

321

Johnson v. United States,

333 U. S. 10

224

Johnson v. Zerbst, 304 U. S.

458

343

Johnson Corp. v. Perkins,

317 U. S. 501

290, 711

Katzenbach v. McClung, 379

U. S. 294

95

Kennedy v. Mendoza-Marti-

nez, 372 U. S. 144

7, 37, 463,476

Kenney v. Supreme Lodge,

252 U. S. 411

343

Kent v. Dulles, 357 U. S. 116

6,12-14,16-18, 20, 2224, 28-30, 33, 35-38,

308, 487, 492, 517

Ker v. California, 374 U. S.

23

622

Kidd v. McCanless, 200

Tenn. 273

409

Kold Kist v. Meat Cutters,

99 Cal. App. 2d 191-

693

Konigsberg v. State Bar, 353

U. S. 252

517

Korematsu v. United States,

323 U. S. 214

14

Kovacs v. Cooper, 336 U. S.

77

503

Kuhn v. Fairmont Coal, 215

U. S. 349

622,624,643

Kunz v. New York, 340 U. S.

290.

27

Labor Board v. Borg-War-

ner Corp., 356 U. S. 342

685, 689, 712 Labor Board v. Brown, 380

U. S.278

713,726

Labor Board v. Erie Resis-

tor, 373 U. S. 221

389

Labor Board v. Fruehauf

Co., 301 U. S. 49

94

Labor Board v. Fruit Pack-

ers, 377 U. S. 58

750

Labor Board v. Gullett Gin

Co., 340 U. S. 361

9

Labor Board v. Hearst Pub-

lications, 322 U. S. 111

367,400, 401

Page

Labor Board v. Jones &

Laughlin Corp., 301 U. S.

1

94

Labor Board v. Katz, 369

U. S. 736

685

Labor Board v. Metropoli-

tan Ins., 380 U. S. 438

382, 383, 3,9

Labor Board v. Pilling Co.,

119 F. 2d 32

666

Labor Board v. Truck Driv-

ers, 353 U. S. 87 664, 713, 726

Labor Board v. Truitt Mfg.,

351 U. S: 149

715

Labor Union. See name of

trade.

Lane v. Brown, 372 U. S. 477 763

Lanza v. New York, 370

U. S. 139

485

Las Vegas Plumbers v.

United States, 210 F. 2d

732

663

Law, Ex parte, 15 Fed. Cas.

3

459,461

Leavin v. Commissioner, 37

T. C. 766

56

Lee v. Bickell, 292 U. S. 415 6

Lichter v. United States, 334

U. S. 742

40

Lincoln Union v. Northwest-

ern Co., 335 U. S. 525 482

Linkletter v. Walker, 323 F.

2d 11

620

Linkletter v. Walker, 381

U. S. 618

512,

513, 655, 656, 753, 760

Loan Assn. v. Topeka, 20

Wall. 655

491

Local. For labor union, see

name of trade.

Lochner v. New York, 198

U. S. 45

482,

512, 515, 522-524, 528

Loewe v. Lawlor, 208 U. S.

274

701,702

Longview Hilton Hotel v.

Commissioner, 9 T. C. 180 66

Lopez v. United States, 373

U. S. 427

585

Louisiana ex rel. Gremillion

v. NAACP, 366 U. S. 293 27

Lovell v. Griffin, 303 U. S.

444

27, 306

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Lubin v. Commissioner, 335

F. 2d 209

57,59

Lucas v. Forty-fourth Gen.

Assembly, 377 U. S. 713 420

Lumber Prods. v. United

States, 144 F. 2d 546

663

Lupper v. Arkansas, 379

U. S. 306

355,424,428

Lustig v. United States, 338

U. S. 74

631,633

Lyles v. State, 330 P. 2d

734

581

Lynch v. Tilden Produce,

265 U. S. 315

74

Lyons v. Oklahoma, 322

U. S. 596

562

Mack Appeal, 386 Pa. 251 582

Malinski v. New York, 324

U. S. 401

512

Mallory v. United States,

354 U. S. 449

221,228

Malloy v. Hogan, 378 U. S.

1

488,526

Manchester v. Massachu-

setts, 139 U. S. 240

168

Manhattan Equipment v.

Commissioner, 297 U. S.

129

72-74

Mapp v. Ohio, 367 U. S. 643

485, 583, 594, 616, 619-

623, 629, 631, 633-641,

645-650, 653, 655, 656

Marbury v. Madison, 1

Cranch 137

443, 491, 513

Marine Cooks v. Panama

S. S. Co., 362 U. S. 365 704

Marine R. & Coal v. United

States, 257 U. S. 47

177

Maritime Board v. Isbrandt-

sen Co., 356 U. S. 481 686

Martin v. Struthers, 319

U. S. 141

27,308,482

Martin v. Walton, 368 U. S.

25

505

Maryland Committee v.

Tawes, 377 U. S. 656

409

Massachusetts Life Ins. v.

United States, 288 U. S.

269

62

Massiah v. United States,

377 U. S.201

356

McCranie v. United States,

199 F. 2d 581

45

Page

McKinnie v. Tennessee, 380

U. S. 449

429

McKnett v. St. Louis & S. F.

R. Co., 292 U. S. 230 343

McLaughlin v. Florida, 379

U. S. 184

497,

498, 503, 504, 516, 530

McNerlin v. Denno, 378

U. S. 575

629

Meat Cutters v. Jewel Tea,

381 U. S. 676

761

Meat Drivers v. United

States, 371 U. S. 94

690, 728, 736

Meyer v. Nebraska, 262

U. S. 390 481-483, 487, 488,

495, 502, 504, 515, 516 Milk Wagon Drivers v. Lake

Valley Prods., 311 U. S. 91

690, 703 Miller v. State, 237 N: C. 29 338

Miller v. United States, 294

U. S. 435

74

Milwaukee Pub. Co. v. Bur-

leson, 255 U. S. 407

305

Mine Workers v. Coronado

Co., 259 U. S. 344

734

Mine Workers v. Penning-

ton, 381 U. S. 657 679, 686, 688, 689, 697-700, 708,

712-716, 718-720, 724, 725, 729, 730, 733, 761

Missouri ex rel. Wabash R.

Co. v. Pub. Serv. Comm'n,

273 U. S. 126

127

Missouri Ins. v. Gehner, 281

U. S. 313 239, 240, 243-246 Monroe v. Pape, 365 U. S.

167

485,637

Montana-Dakota Utilities v.

Northwestern Serv. Co.,

341 U. S. 246

688

Mooney v. Holohan, 294

U. S. 103

337,343,564

Moore v. Dempsey, 261 U. S.

86

343, 561, 584, 611

Moore v. State, 274 Ala. 276 620

Mosser v. Darrow, 341 U. S.

267

628, 644

Munn v. Illinois, 94 U. S.

113

511

Murchison, In re, 349 U. S.

133

136, 543,544, 550, 560

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

LVII

Page

Murdock v. Pennsylvania,

319 U. S. 105

306, 746

Muskrat v. United States,

219 U. S.346

443

Myers v. Bethlehem Ship-

building Corp., 303 U. S.

41

297

Napue v. Illinois, 360 U. S.

264

564

NAACP v. Alabama, 357

U. S. 449

129,

308, 481, 483, 492, 530

NAACP v. Alabama, 360

U. S. 240

487

NAACP v. Alabama, 377.

U. S. 288 26, 129, 485, 498

NAACP v. Button, 371 U. S.

415

27, 309,

481, 483, 498, 508, 516

National Bulk Carriers v. United States, 331 F. 2d

407

258

National Labor Relations

Board. See Labor Board.

National Life Ins. v. United

States, 277 U. S. 508

239, 240,243-246

Nebbia v. New York, 291

U. S. 502

505

New Jersey Title Ins. v. Div.

of Tax Appeals, 338 U. S.

665

245

New Negro Alliance v. Sani-

tary Grocery, 303 U. S.

552

703

New York ex rel. Whitman v. Wilson, 318 U. S. 688 343

New York Life Ins. v. Ed-

wards, 271 U. S. 109

66

New York Times v. Sullivan,

376 U. S. 254 307,492,509

Nicchia v. New York, 254

U. S. 228

524

Niemotko v. Maryland, 340

U. S. 268

427

Niemotko v. State, 194 Md.

247

427

Norris v. Alabama, 294 U. S.

587

567

Northern Pac. R. Co. v.

United States, 356 U. S. 1 371 Norton v. Shelby County,

118 U. S. 425

623-625

Page

Norwegian Nitrogen v.

United States, 288 U. S.

294 11, 12, 35, 289, 290, 292

Noto v. United States, 367

U. S.290

452,456

Ocean'Industries v. Greene,

15 F. 2d 862

173, 212

Ocean Industries v. Superior

Court, 200 Cal. 235 173,212

Ogden v. Saunders, 12

Wheat. 213

447

Okefenokee Elec. v. Florida P. & L., 214 F. 2d 413 671

Oklahoma Pub. Co. v. Wal-

ling, 327 U. S.186 290-292

Old Colony R. Co. v. Com missioner, 284 U. S.552 66

Old Mission Co. v. Helver-

ing, 293 U. S.289

66

Oliver, In re, 333 U.. S.257

136, 539, 560, 583, 588

Olmstead v. United States,

277 U. S.438

494, 585

Olsen v. Nebraska, 313 U. S.

236

482,522

One 1958 Plymouth v. Penn-

sylvania, 380 U. S.693 647

On Lee v. United States, 343

U. S.747

595

Orans, In re, 15 N. Y. 2d 339 433 Paine v. Commissioner, 23

T. C. 391

65,79

Painters v. Labor hoard, 100

U. S. App. D. C. 294 712

Palko v. Connecticut, 302

U. S.319

500,526

Panama Rfg. Co. v. Ryan,:

293 U. S. 388.

22,23

Paragon Jewel Coal v. Com-

missioner, 380 U. S. 624 274 Patsone v. Pennsylvania, 232

U. S.138

474,475

Patterson v. Colorado, 205

U. S.454

551

Pattiz v. United States, 160

Ct. Cl. 121

56

Pattno v. United States, 311

F. 2d 604

45

Pavesich v. New England

Ins. Co., 122 Ga. 190

510

Pawley v. Pawley, 46 So. 2d

464

85

LVIII

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Payne v. Arkansas, 356 U. S.

560

563,578

Pennekamp v. Florida, 328

U. S. 331

542, 560, 562, 585, 615

People v. Defore, 242 N. Y.

13

594,634

People v. Huntley, 15 N. Y.

2d 72

346

People v. Mulleri 11 N. Y.

2d 154

620

People v. Munday, 280 Ill.

32

581

People v. Stralla, 14 Cal. 2d

617

173-175,212

People v. Stroble, 36 Cal. 2d

615

582

People v. Ulrich, 376 Ill. 461 581

People v. Wilson, 18 App.

Div. 2d 424

346

Phelps Dodge Corp. v. Labor

Board, 313 U. S. 177 382,389

Philadelphia Record Co. v.

Mfg. Photo-Engravers, 155

F. 2d 799

663

Phillips v. Atkinson Co., 313

U. S. 508

97

Phillips v. United States, 312

U. S. 246

5-7

Phillips Petroleum v. Wis-

consin, 347 U. S. 672 394,401-404
Pierce v. Carskadon, 16 Wall.

234

448

Pierce v. Society of Sisters,

268 U. S. 510 481-483, 487,

495, 502, 504, 515, 516 Pike v. Walker, 73 App.

D. C. 289

306

Poe v. Ullman, 367 U. S. 497

484, 493, 495, 496, 499,

500, 502, 506, 510, 512,
516, 523 Pointer v. Texas, 380 U. S.

400

486, 488, 494,

496, 500, 526, 560, 567 Polish Alliance v. Labor

Board, 322 U. S. 643 95, 96 Powell v, Alabama, 287 U. S.

45

493, 590

Power Commission. See

Federal Power Comm'n.

Page

Prince v. Massachusetts, 321

U. S. 158

495, 502, 517

Public Serv. Comm'n v.

FPC, 257 F. 2d 717 395, 401

Public Serv. Comm'n v.

FPC, 109 U. S. App. D. C.

289

397

Public Serv. Comm'n v.

Wycoff Co., 344 U. S. 237 19

Public Utilities Comm'n v.

Attleboro Steam Co., 273

U. S. 83

94

Public Utilities Comm'n v.

Pollak, 343 U. S. 451

485

Railroad Telegraphers v.

Chicago & N. W. R. Co.,

362 U. S. 330

686, 728

Railroad Trainmen v. Vir-

ginia State Bar, 377 U. S.

1

508,516

Railway Express Agency v.

New York, 336 U. S. 106 474

Raley v. Ohio, 360 U. S. 423 763'

Rea v. United States, 350

U. S. 214

633, 637, 656

Real Estate Tr. v. Commis-.

sioner, 334 F. 2d 986

56

Reck v. Pate, 367 U. S. 433

629, 638, 639, 646, 651

Reetz v. Michigan, 188 U. S.

505

473

Reisman v. Caplin, 375 U. S.

440

296, 297

Respublica v. Gordon, 1

Dall. 233

442

Reynolds v. Sims, 377 U. S.

533

408, 419, 501, 531

Reynolds v. United States,

98 U. S. 145

508

Rideau v. Louisiana, 373

U. S. 723 538,543,544,550,

574, 592, 610, 611, 616

Roberts v. State, 100 Neb.

199

573

Robinson v. California, 370

U. S. 660

488

Robinson v. Florida, 378

U. S. 153

129

Rochin v. California, 342

U. S. 165

501, 512, 513, 524, 631

Rosen v. United States, 288

F. 2d 658

56

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Saia v. New York, 334 U. S.

558

27

San Diego Council v. Gar-

mon, 359 U. S. 235

688

Schechter Poultry v. United

States, 295 U. S. 495

22

Schneider v. Rusk, 372 U. S.

224

6

Schneider v. State, 308 U. S.

147

27, 497, 516, 750

Schneiderman v. United

States, 320 U. S. 118

455

Schuster v. Commissioner,

312 F. 2d 311

77

Schuylkill Trust v. Pennsyl-

vania, 296 U. S. 113

245

Schware v. Bar Examiners,

353 U. S.232 27, 456, 471, 483, 487, 503-505, 517

Schwartz v. Commissioner,

40 T. C. 191

56, 79

Scranton v. Drew, 379 U. S.

40

409

Secombe, Ex parte, 19 How.

9

504

Securities Comm'n v. Chenery Corp., 332 U. S. 194

383, 391

Semler v. Oregon Dental Ex-

aminers, 294 U. S. 608 474

Service v. Dulles, 354 U. S.

363

9

Shachtman v. Dulles, 96

U. S. App. D. C. 287

14

Sharpe v. State, 231 Md.

401

425, 427

Shelton v. Tucker, 364 .U. S.

479

27, 504, 516, 530

Shenandoah Valley Broad. v.

ASCAP, 375 U. S. 39

353

Siegel Co. v. FTC, 327 U. S.

608

376

Silverman v. United States,

365 U. S. 505

585

Silverthorne Lumber v.

United States, 251 U. S.

385

635

Simpson v. Union Oil, 377

U. S. 13

368

Singer v. United States, 380

U. S. 24

557

Sisk v. Lane, 331 F. 2d 235 620

Page

Skinner v. Oklahoma, 316

U. S.535

485, 502-504

Slochower v. Board of Edu-

cation, 350 U. S. 551

504

Snyder v. Massachusetts,

291 U. S.97 487, 493, 512

Soconv Mobil Oil v. United States, 153 Ct. Cl. 638 258

Speiser v. Randall, 357 U. S.

513

309, 310, 615

Spielman Motor Sales v.

Dodge, 295 U. S.89 745,759

Stanton v. Commissioner, 34

T.C. 1

65

State. See also name of

State.

State v. Clifford, 162 Ohio

St. 370

582

State v. Contraceptive Ma-

terials, 126 Conn. 428 505

State v. Griswold, 151 Conn.

544

503

State v. Jones, 44 N. M. 623 627

State v. Nelson, 126 Conn.

412

503

State Farm Ins. v. Duel, 324

U. S.154

85

Staub v. Baxley, 355 .U. S.

313

129

Stefanelli v. Minard, 342

U. S.117

631

Stein v. New York, 346 U. S.

156

616

Sterling v. Constantin, 287

U. S. 378

6

Stoner v. California, 376

U. S.483

622

Storer Broadcasting v.

United States, 251 F. 2d

268

45

Stovall v. McCutchen, 10.7

Ky. 577

693

Streiffer v. Seafarers Corp.,

162 F. Supp. 602

733

Stroble v. California, 343

U. S. 181

543,544

Sturm, Ex parte, 152 Md. 114 582

Sweezy v. New Hampshire,

354 U. S. 234

473,482

Tancil v. Woolls, 379 U. S.19 594

Taylor v. Alabama, 335 U. S.

252

343

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Teamsters v. Hanke, 339

U. S. 470

728

Teamsters v. Morton Truck-

ing, 377 U. S. 252 688,708

Teamsters v. Oliver, 358

U. S. 283

663, 665,

686, 690, 708, 728, 736

Tennessee Power v. TVA,

306 U. S. 118

491

Terrace v. Thompson, 263

U. S. 197

19, 755, 759

Testa v. Katt, 330 U. S. 386 343

Texaco v. FTC, 118 U. S.

App. D. C. 366

363, 384

Textile Workers v. Darling-

ton Co., 380 U. S. 263 736 Theatre Enterprises v. Para-
mount Dist. Corp., 346

U. S. 537

319, 715

Thomas v. Collins, 323 U. S.

516

306,309

Thompson v. Louisville, 362

U. S. 199 423-425, 428, 517

Thornhill v. Alabama, 310

U. S. 88

750,757

Tileston v. Ullman, 129

Conn. 84

498, 503

Tileston v. Ullman, 318 U. S.

44

481,502

Townsend v. Sain, 372 U. S.

293

345, 347

Trade Commission. See

Federal Trade Comm'n.

Trop v. Dulles, 356 U. S. 86

462,469,476 Truax v. Raich, 239 U. S. 33 481 Trubek v. Ullman, 147

Conn. 633

503

Trunkline Gas v. Hardin

County, 375 U. S. 8

128

Tumey v. Ohio, 273 U. S.

510

136,543,544,

550, 562,565,579, 594

Turner v. Louisiana, 379

U. S. 466 536, 543, 544, 550, 563, 579, 592, 593, 611, 613

Tyson & Bro. v. Banton, 273

U. S. 418

523

Udall v. Tallman, 380 U. S.

1

11

Union. For labor union, see name of trade.

Page

Union Carbide v. Nisley, 300

F. 2d 561

317

Union Pac. Coal v. United

States, 173 F. 737

734

United. For labor u n i o n,

see name of trade.

United Air Lines v. Wiener,

335 F. 2d 379

53

United Gas v. Continental

Oil, 381 U. S. 392

-762

United Kingdom v. Norway, [1951] I. C. J. Rep. 116 164

United Press Assns. v. Va-

lente, 308 N. Y. 71

588

United Pub. Workers v. Mitchell, 330 U. 5. 75 491, 493

United States v. Aluminum

Co., 377 U. S. 271

414

United States v. American

Fed. Musicians, 318 U. S.

741

662,682,728

United States v. Appala-

chian Power, 107 F. 2d

769

95,111

United States v. Appala-

chian Power, 311 U. S.

377

101

United States v. Borden Co.,

308 U. S. 188

663

United States v. Boston & M. R. Co., 380 U. S. 157

467,475

United States v. Brims, 272

U. S. 549

706,707

United States v. Bldg. Trades, 313 U. 5. 539 708

United States v. California,.

332 U. S. 19

175, 177,

178, 181, 182, 184-186,

194-196, 198, 210, 213

United States v. California,

332 U. S. 804 142, 144,149,

151,162, 163, 181,184

United States v. Carrillo, 13

F. Supp. 121 173, 174,212

United States v. Carrozzo,

37 F. Supp. 191

708, 728

United States 'v. Cerecedo

Hermanos, 209 U. S. 337 9

United States v. Chambers,

291 U. S. 217

626

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

United States v. Chicago,

M., St. P. & P. R. Co.,

294 U. S. 499

382,389

United States v. Columbia

Steel, 334 U. S. 495

323

United States v. Curtiss-

Wright Corp., 299 U. S.

304

17

United States v. Darby, 312

U. S. 100

529

United States v. Duncan, 197

F. 2d 233

45

United States v. Florida, 363

U. S. 121

213

United States v. Greenberg,

320 F. 2d 467

216

United States v. Harrison,

304 F. 2d 835

56

United States v. Hod Car-

riers, 313 U. S. 539' 622, 708, 728

United States v. Holly, 192

F. 2d 221

45, 50, 51

United States v. Hutcheson, 312 U. S. 219 662,682,703-

706, 708-710,718,725 United States v. Interna-
tional Harvester, 274 U. S.

693

352

United States v. Kaiser, 363

U. S. 299

77

United States v. Kleinman,

107 F. Supp. 407

569

United States v. Loew's, Inc., 371 U. S. 38 368,371,383

United States v. Louisiana,

339 U. S.699

181

United States v. Louisiana,

363 U. S. 1

157,171,

186, 188-190, 196,213

United States v. Lovett, 328

U. S. 303

445,448,

449,457,460,461,476

United States v. Maryland for use of Meyer, 116 U. S. App. D. C. 259 43, 46, 53
United States v. MidlandRoss Corp., 381 U. S. 54 69,70, 72, 78, 79

United States v. Midwest

Oil, 236 U. S. 459

11

United States v. Mississippi,

380 U. S. 128

752

Page

United States v. Paramount

Pictures, 334 U. S. 131 715

United States v. Philadel-

phia Nat. Bk., 374 U. S.

.321

269,685

United States v. Plasterers Assn., 347 U. S. 186 662,736

United States v. Price, 361

U. S. 304

269

United States v. Railway

Employees, 283 F. 479

703,717

United States v. Rio Grande

Dam Co., 174 U. S. 690 97,99

United States v. Schooner Peggy, 1 Cranch 103

623, 625-627,639

United States v. Singer Mfg.

Co., 374 U. S. 174

414

United States v. Swift & Co.,

286 U. S. 106

352

United States v. Texas, 339

U. S. 707

181

United States v. Turner, 175

F. 2d 644

171

United States v. United Air Lines, 216 F. Supp. 709 53

United States v. Ventresca,

380 U. S. .102

224,231

United States v. Welden, 377

U. S. 95

335

United States v. Wendt, 242

F. 2d 854

45

United States v. Western

Pac. R. Co., 352 U. S. 59 685

United States v. Wise, 370

U. S. 405

269,734

United States '. Women's Sportswear A s s n., 3 3 6

U. S. 460

735

U. S. ex rel. See name of real party in interest.

Utah Fuel Co. v, Nat. Bi-

tuminous -oal Cbrm'n,

306 U. S. 50'

290

Utah Power v. Pfost, 286

U. S. 165

95

Vandenbark v. Owens-Illi-

nois Glass, 311 U. S. 538 626, 627

Vanderbilt v. Vanderbilt,

. 354 U. S. 416

85-88

LXII

TABLE OF CASES CITED.

Page

Wabash R. Co. v. Pub. Serv.

Comm'n, 273 U. S. 126 127

Walker v. Georgia, 381 U. S.

355

429

Walker v. Peppersack, 316 F.

2d 119

620

Wallace Corp. v. Labor

Board, 323 U. S. 248

290

Ward v. Love County, 253

U. S. 17

343

Watson v. Buck, 313 U. S.

387

745

Watson v. Commissioner, 27

B. T. A. 463

78

Watson v. Commissioner,

345 U. S. 544

57,59,65

Watts v. Indiana, 338 U. S.

49

567

Weber v. Anheuser-Busch,

348 U. S. 468

712

Weeks v. United States, 232

U. S. 383 629-631, 648, 649 Weems v. United States, 217

U. S. 349

564

Wesberry v. Sanders, 376

U. S. 1

501

West Coast Hotel v. Parrish,

300 U. S. 379

482,522

Western Maryland R. Co. v.

Commissioner, 33 F. 2d 695 66 West Virginia ex rel. Banach
v. Boles, 147 W. Va. 850 346

White v. Maryland, 373 U. S.

59

.544, 567

White Motor Co. v. United States, 372 U. S. 253 390, 616

Whitman v. Wilson, 318

U. S. 688

343

Page

Wieman v. Updegraff, 344

U. S. 183

456,482, 504

William Jameson & Co. v.

Morgenthau, 307 U. S.171 6

Williams v. McGowan, 152

F. 2d 570

65

Williams v. United States,

189 F. 2d 607

45

Williamson v. Lee Optical,

348 U. S. 483

482

Willner v. Committee on Character & Fitness, 373

U. S. 96

136

Wilson v. Schnettler, 365

U. S. 381

634

Window Glass Mfrs. v.

United States, 263 U. S.

403

728

WMCA v. Lomenzo, 377

U. S. 633

432

Wolf v. Colorado, 338 U. S.

25

488,512,616,

619, 623, 630-638, 640

Wood v. Georgia, 370 U. S.

375

536

Wright v. Georgia, 373 U. S.

284

427

Yick Wo v. Hopkins, 118

U. S. 356

423,503,506

Young, Ex parte, 209 U. S.

123

745

Young v. Ragen, 337 U. S.

235

337,338,343,344

Youngstown Co. v. Sawyer,

343 U. S. 579 21,30, 37,443 Zemel v. Rusk, 381 U. S. 1

308, 504

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

NoTE: Cases reported before page 901 are those decided with opinions of the Court or decisions per curiam. Cases reported on page 901 et seq. are those in which orders were entered.

Page

AAA Con Drivers Exch. v. Interstate Com. Comm'n ........ 911

Adams v. United States .................................

952

Adams, United States v ..................................

931

A. G. V. Associates v. Cross .............................. 913

Ahtanum Irrigation Dist. v. United States ................. 924

Ahtanum Irrigation Dist., United States v ................. 924

Air Dispatch, Inc. v. United States ........................ 412

Airline Pilots v. Capitol Airways ......................... 952

Airline Pilots, Capitol Airways v .........................

913

Alabama, Swain v .......................................

921

Alabama Court of Appeals, Purcell v ...................... 930

Albertson v. Subversive Act. Cont. Bd..................... 910

Allan Herschell Co. v. U. S. Fidelity'& Guaranty Co ......... 913

Alleghany Corp., Holt v .................................

933

Allegretti v. United States ..............................

911,956

Allen v. Hoffius .......................................

274, 957

Allied Air Freight v. Pan American World Airways .......... 924

Allied Central Stores v. Commissioner ................... 903,956

American Airlines v. Manning .............................

277

American Dist. Telegraph Co. v. United States ............. 910

Anderson, Earnshaw v ...................................

921

Anderson, James v ......................................

921

Anderson, M cCarty v ....................................

922

Anderson, Wilson v .....................................

927

Angelet v. Fay ..........................................

654

Arkansas, Turney v .................... ................. 276

Armstrong v. United States .............................

905

Arundel Corp., Cities Service Oil Co. v ................... 905

A/S Glittre, Tjonaman v ................................

925

Associated Food Retailers v. Jewel Tea Co ................. 761

Association. For labor union, see name of trade.

Atlanta, Plaza Liquor Store v ...........................

914

Atlantic Rfg. Co. v. Federal Trade Comm'n ................. 357

xxv

xxvi

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

Atlas Life Ins. Co., United States v ...................... *- 233

Attorney General, Evans v ............................. 920, 957

Attorney General, O'Callahan v ...........................

926

Atwood v. Humble Oil & Rfg. Co .......................

926, 956

Austin v. Florida ........................................

920

Automatic Fire Alarm Co. v. United States ................ 910

·Avgikos v. Louisiana ....................................

924

Azzone-v. United States .......... ; ....................... 943

Baer, Rosenblatt v ....................................... 931

Ballay v. Tinsley ........................................

919

Bannan, Crawford v .....................................

955

Barkan v. United States .................................. 940

Basha v. M ichigan ......................................

918

Basic Pamphlets v. Postmaster General ................... 301

Batten v. United States ..................................

930

Baxa v. United States ....................................

353

Baxstrom v. Herold .....................................

949

Baxter v. United States ........ .....................

934

Beh v. West Des Moines ................................. .935

Bellitto v. Ohio ....................................

942

Beltowski v. Tahash .....................................

948

Bendelari v. United States ................................

956

Berm an v. Fay ..........................................

955

Beto, Shepherd v .................

931

Biggs v. Justices of the Supreme Court of Ill ............... 932

Billy v. Oklahoma .......................................

354

Bishop v. Ohio ..........................................

947

Bjornsen v. New York ...................................

917

Blackwell, Killgore v .....................................

278

Blake v. H einze .........................................

944

Bland v. Maryland .....

.................... ....... 946

Blevins, In re ....................................

948

Board of Embalmers & Funeral Directors, Evans v ......... 942

Boldt, Feyrer v ..........................................

940

Boles, Foster v ..........................................

901

Borbon v. Kings County Super. Ct. Clerk .................. 919

Boruski v. Securities and Exchange Comm'n ....... 917,928, 943, 944

Boundy v. California ....................................

912

Brady v. Ohio ........................................

904, 957

Branchaud v. Hedman ...................................

907

B. Ray Robbins Co. v. Valley Nat. Bk .................... 912

Brenner, Cauer v ........................................

956

Bronaugh v. California ..................................

928

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED. xxvI"

Page

Brotherhood. For labor union, see name of trade.

Brotherhood of Trainmen Ins. Dept. v. Ellgass .............. 911

Brown, Francis v ................. ......................

943

Brown v. Louisiana ......................................

901

Brown, United States v ..................................

437

Brown v. Wainwright ....................................

931

Bruce v. H ogan .........................................

946

Brucker v. United States .................................

937

Burke, Johnson v .......................................

932

Calef v. Rosenberg .........................

............

914

California, Boundy v ........................................

912

California, Bronaugh v ..................................

928

California, Cottom v........................

: ....... 932

California v. D orado ................................

*...... 937

California, Dorado v .....................................

946

California, Downer v ....................................

901

California, Gonzales v ...................................

901

California, Griffin v .....................................

957

California, Hernandez v ..................................

953

California, Hickok v .....................................

954

California v. H urst .......................................

760

California, Johnson v ......................................

947

California, Kroeger v ....................................

901

California, Lishey v ..................................... 923

California, Santos v ....................................

919, 957

California, Schuman v ...................................

939

California, Selz v ........................................

932

California, United States v ...............................

139

California Co. v. Leiter Minerals, Inc .....................

413

California Governor, Francis v ...........................

943

California Secretary of State v. Silver ......................

415

California Superior Court, McMorris v ....................

945

California Superior Court, Walker v ........................

932

California Supreme Court, Ellis v .........................

918

California Supreme Court, Schlette v ......................

922

Cameron v. Johnson .....................................

741

Campbell v. United States ................................

946

Capital Lighting & Supply v. Merando Inc ..................

936

Capitol Airways v. Airline Pilots.........................

913

Capitol Airways, Airline Pilots v .........................

952

Carafas, LaVallee v .....................................

951

Carbone v. United States .................................

941

Carney v. LaVallee .....................

· ................

955

xxviii TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

Carrington v. Civil Aeronautics Board................ .. 927

Carroll v. Eyman .......................................

944

Carter v. Harris .........................................

944

Carter v. United States ..................................

927

Caruth v. K eller .........................................

931

Carvel Corp., Susser v ....................................

125

Case v. Nebraska .......................................

336

Casida v. Operating Engineers........................ 921

Castle v. United States ................................

929,953

Cauer v. Brenner ........................................

956

Celebrezze, Paul v .......................................

906

Chappell, Stevenson v ...................................

901

Chase v. M cCain ........................................

939

Chase v. Superior Court for Grays Harbor County ..........

908

Chesapeake & 0. R. Co., McClellan v ......................

130

Chester County Prothonotary, Lindenmuth v ..............

929

Chicago, M., St. P. & P. R. Co., Chicago & N. W. R. Co. v... 907

Chicago & N. W. R. Co. v. Chicago, M., St. P. & P. R. Co.... 907

Chicago, R. I. & P. R. Co., Hardin v .......................

949

Chicago, R. I. & P. R. Co., Locomotive Engineers v .........

949

Circuit Judge. See U. S. Circuit Judge.

Cities Service Oil Co. v. Arundel Corp .....................

905

City. See name of city.

Civil Aeronautics Board, Carrington v ....................

927

Clark v. Payne ..........................................

943

Cole v. United States ....................................

950

Colorado, Gonzales v ....................................

945

Colorado, Howard v ..................................... Columbia Artists Management Inc. v. United States ........ Comisaria General de Abastecimientos v. Victory Transport.. Commercial Credit Corp., Watson v .......................

.944 348 934 943

Commissioner, Allied Central Stores v............. Commissioner v. Cooper .................................

.. 903,956 274

Commissioner, Easter v ..................................

912

Commissioner, Godeny v .................................

903

Commissioner, Randall v............................

935

Commissioner, Real Estate Investment Tr. v.............

911

Commissioner of Internal Revenue. See Commissioner.

Commissioner of Patents, Cauer v.....................

956

Commonwealth. See name of Commonwealth.

Communications Commission. See Federal Com. Comm'n.

Conlan v. Haskins ............................. Connally, Loper v .......................................

.........

940

918

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

xxIx

Page

Connecticut, Griswold v ...................................

479

Connecticut, Whiteside v .................................

903

Consolo v. Federal Maritime Comm'n ......................

933

Continental Casualty Co., Robertson Lumber Co. v ......... 939

Continental Oil Co., United Gas Improvement Co. v ........ 392

Cook v. M axwell ........................................

917

Cook v. Republic Steel Corp .............................

950

Cook v. United States ....................................

939

Cooper, Commissioner v .................................

274

Cooper v. M aroney ......................................

946

Copestick v. Rhay .......................................

932

Corbett v. Stergios ......................................

124

Corbett v. Steryiakis ........... ........................

124

Coronado v. United States ...............................

943

Cortez v. United States ..................................

953

Cottom v. California .....................................

932

County. See name of county.

Court of Appeals. See U. S. Court of Appeals.

Court of Appeals of Alabama, Purcell v ...................

930

Cox, Gallegos v ......................................... 918

Cox v. H auberg .........................................

935

Coxi Salinas v ..........................................

927

Crain Bros., Inc., Smith v ................................

942

Crawford v. Bannan ......................

..............

955

Cross, A. G. V. Associates v ..............................

913

Crouse, Hall v ..........................................

941

Crouse, White v ........................................

954

Cunningham v. Myers ....................................

928

Darlak v. United States ...............................

911,956

D ean v. Green ..........................................

905

Deane Hill Country Club v. United States ..................

937

DeM oss v. Heinze .......................................

947

Denno, Glinton v ........................................

929

Department of Registration & Education, Heininger v ....... 937

Dinsio v. Ohio ..........................................

1913

Di Palermo v. United States ..............................

940

Director of Immigration. See Immigration Director.

Director of Internal Revenue. See Commissioner; District

Director of Internal Revenue.

District Council of Painters v. Labor Board ................

914

District Court. See U. S. District Court.

District Director of Immigration. See Immigration Director.

District Director of Internal Revenue, Monolith Co. v ....... 914

xxx

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page
District Judge. See U. S. District Judge.

Dist. of Col. for use of Capital Lighting v. Merando Inc .... 936

Diversified Development Corp. v. Security Tr. Co ..........

951

Dixon v. United States ...................................

68

D ixon v. Wilson .........................................

909

D orado v. California .....................................

946

Dorado, California v ....................................

937

Dorsey v. Kearney ..............

.......................

931

Dorton v. New York .....................................

906

D ouglas v. Rhay .........................................

942

Downer v. California ....................................

901

Draper v. M aryland .....................................

952

Draper v. Washington .....................................

931

Drews v. M aryland .......................................

421

Dunford v. Virginia .....................................

917

Dunn v. United States ...................................

945

Dutton v. Warden .........

........................

918

Earnshaw v. Anderson .............

.....................

921

Easter v. Commissioner ..................................

912

Eastern Air Lines v. Flight Eng. Int'l Assn ................

908

Eastern Die Co. v. Labor Board ...........................

951

Eastman v. Fay .........................................

954

Edgerton v. North Carolina ..............................

901

Eliscu, T. B. Harms Co. v ...............................

915

Ellgass, Brotherhood of Trainmen Ins. Dept. v ..............

911

Ellis v. Supreme Court of California .......................

918

Espey v. Laughlin .......................................

936

Estes v. Texas ..........................................

532

Evans v. Bd. of Embalmers & Funeral Directors ............

942

Evans v. Katzenbach ..................................

920, 957

Ewell, United States v ...................................

909

Ex parte. See name of party.

Eym an, Carroll v .......................................

944

Eyman, Hernandez v ....................................

931

Falzone v. United States .................................

911

Farrington v. Tahash ....................................

909

Fay, Angelet v ..... ...................................

654

Fay, Berman v .........................................

955

Fay, Eastm an v .........................................

954

Fay, M iddleton v ........................................

918

Fay, Williams v .........................................

945

Federal Com. Comm'n v. Schreiber ........................

279

Federal Maritime Comm'n, Consolo v ......................

933

Federal Power Comm'n v. Marr ...........................

392

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED. xxxI

Page

Federal Power Comm'n v. Pan American Pet. Corp ..........

762

Federal Power Comnn'n, Power Auth. of New York v ........ 933

Federal Power Comm'n, Tenn. Gas Transmission Co. v ...... 950

Federal Power Comm'n v. Union Electric Co .............

90, 956

Federal Trade Comm'n, Atlantic Rfg. Co. v ..................

357

Federal Trade Comm'n, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. v ...... 357

Federal Trade Comm'n v. Texaco, Inc ....................

739

Federal Trade Comm'n, Western Radio Corp. v ............

938

Federal Trade Comm'n, W. M. R. Watch Case Corp. v ...... 936

Ferguson v. Georgia ...................................

905,957

Ferina v. United States ..................................

902

Fernandez v. United States ..............................

942

Ferrario v. Sigler ........................................

907

Ferry v. Udall ..........................................

904

Feyrer v. Boldt .........................................

940

Fink v. New York .......................................

906

Finley v. Heinze ........................................

945

Firo v. United States ....................................

: 929

Fisher v. Illinois .........................................

908

Fixa v. Heilberg .........................................

301

Flight Eng. Int'l Assn., Eastern Air Lines v ...............

908

Florida, Austin v ........................................

920

Florida, Heard v ........................................

944

Florida, Hom er v .......................................

931

Florida, Knowles v ......................................

763

Florida, Peacock v .......................................

916

Florida, Romanello v .....................................

915

Ford v. New York .......................................

952

Fore v. United States .....................................

912

Forester v. Texas & Pac. R. Co ..........................

944

Foster v. Boles ..........................................

901

Fox v. United States ....................................

436

Francis v. Brown ........................................

943

Gallegos v. Cox ...................................

918

Ganger v. Virginia .......................................

942

Georgia, Ferguson v ...................................

905,957

Georgia, Southerland v ...................................

956

Georgia, Walker v .......................................

355

Germano, Scott v ...........

...................

407,909

Germano, Treasurer of Illinois v ........................

407,909

Gesregan, Henig v .......................................

922

Giaccio v. Pennsylvania ..................................

923

Glinton v. D enno ........................................

929

Glouser v. United States .................................

940

xxxII TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Godeny v. Commissioner .................................

Goins v. Tennessee .......................................

Goins v. Walker .........................................

Goldberg v. Office Employes ..............................

Gondeck v. Pan American World Airways ..................

Gonzales v. California ....................................

Gonzales v. Colorado .................................... Goodson v. U. S. Court of Appeals:

.........

Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. v. Federal Trade Comm'n .....

Governor. See name of State.

Graham v. Pennsylvania R. Co ...........................

Graves v. Texas .........................................

Gray v. United States .....................................

Grays Harbor County Superior Court, Chase v ..............

Green, D ean v ..........................................

Green v. Rundle ........................................

Greene v. Michigan Dept. of Corrections ...................

Griffin v. California .....................................

Grinnell Corp. v. United States ............................

Grinnell Corp., United States v ...........................

Griswold v. Connecticut ..................................

Grosh v. United States ...................................

Guerrieri v. Maxwell .....................................

Guest, United States v ...................................

Gunston v. United States .................................

Gunter v. K ropp .........................................

Guy, Ex parte..........................................

Hackathorn v. Texas .....................................

Haines v. Randolph .....................................

Hair Industry v. United States ............................

Hairston v. M yers .......................................

Hairston v. Wainwright ..................................

Hall v. Crouse ..........................................

Hall v. Pinto ............................................

Halyshyn v. United States ................................

Hamm ett, In re.........................................

Hardin v. Chicago, R. I. & P. R. Co ......................

Harms Co. v. Eliscu ......................................

Harrington v. Texaco, Inc ................................

Harris, Carter v ........................................

Hartman, Keiser v ......................................

Haskins, Conlan v .......................................

Hastings, Skolnick v .....................................

Hauberg, Cox v .........................................

Page
903 928
906 939 907 901 945 932 357
904 921 926 908 905 946 919 957 910 910 479 936 919 932 930 909 932 930 .917 950 . 943 939 941 930 928 922 949 915 915 944 934 940 901 935

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED. xxxiii

Page

Hauberg, U. S. District Judge v ......................

935

Haynes, Worley v .......................................

941

H eadrick v. Illinois ......................................

945

Heard v. Florida...

...............................

944

H earne v. Sm ylie .......................................

420

Hedman, Branchaud v ...................................

907

Heilberg, Fixa v....

..............................

301

Heininger v. Dept. of Registration & Education of Ill ........ 937

Heinze, Blake v .........................................

944

Heinze, DeM oss v ........................................

947

Heinze, Finley v ........................................ 945

Heinze, Hoerler v .......................................

942

Heinze, M acfadden v ....................................

944

Heinze, White v ........................................ 901

Henig v. Gesregan .................

.....................

922

Henry v. M ississippi .....................................

908

Hernandez v. California .................................

"953

Hernandez v. Eyman ....................................

931

Herold, Baxstrom v ......................................

949

Herring v. New York .....................................

944

Herschell Co. v. U. S. Fidelity & Guaranty Co ...............

913

Hickok v. California .....................................

954

Hilbrich v. United States .................................

941

H odge v. M arkley .......................................

927

Hoerler v. H einze .......................................

942

Hoffius, Allen v ................................

...... 274, 957

Hogan, Bruce v ..........................................

946

Holland Furnace Co. v. Schnackenberg .....................

924

Holmes Electric Protective Co. v. United States .............

910

Holt v. Alleghany Corp ..................................

933

H olt v. Kirby ...........................................

933

H olt v. Virginia .........................................

131

Homer v. Florida .......................................

931

Howard v. Colorado .....................................

944

Howell v. Ohio ..........................................

275

Humble Oil & Rfg. Co., Atwood v .......................

926, 956

Hunter v. Prasse ........................................

932

Hurst, California v ......................................

760

H urtt, Stirone v .........................................

925

Idaho Governor, Hearne v ................................

420

Illinois, Fisher v .........................................

908

Illinois, Headrick v ......................................

945

Illinois; Mueller v ........... 0............................

908

Illinois, Pom pey v .......................................

946

773-305 0-65-3

xxxIv TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

Illinois, Streeter v .................................

930

Illinois Dept. of Registration & Education, Heininger v.....

937

Illinois Supreme Court Justices, Biggs v ...................

932

Illinois Treasurer v. Germano ...........................

407, 909

Immigration and Naturalization Service. See also Immigration

Director.

Immigration and Naturalization Service, Nickas v ...........

921

Immigration and Naturalization Service, Patsis v ............ 921

Immigration Director, Calef v ............................

914

Immigration Director, Zimmerman v .......................

925

Indiana, Tucker v .......................................

916

Indian Claims Comm'n,' Leaf v ...........................

948

In re. See name of party.

Interlake S. S. Co. v. Nielsen .............................

934

Internal Revenue Service. See Commissioner; District Di-

rector of Internal Revenue.

International. For labor union, see name of trade.

Interstate Com. Comm'n, AAA ConDrivers Exch. v ........ 911

Irwin v. United States ....................................

911

I-T-E Circuit Breaker Co. v. Philadelphia .................

936

Jaben v. United States ...................................

214

Jackson v. Warden .....................

................

906

James v. Anderson .......................................

921

James v. Tennessee ......................................

941

Janaf, Inc. v. Orsinger ....................................

913

Jefferson v. M cGee ......................................

941

Jefferson v. United States ..................................

928

Jewel Tea Co., Associated Food Retailers v ................

761

Jewel Tea Co., Meat Cutters v ..........

; .................

676

Johnson v. Buike .......................................

932

Johnson v. California ....................................

947

Johnson, Cameron v ......

.........................

741

Jones v. United States .................................

907,915

Jones v. Virginia ......................................... 955

Jordan v. Silver ..........................................

415

Joseph v. Vitek ..................

1......................

908

Justices of the Supreme Court of Ill., Biggs v ..............

932

Justus v. New M exico .....................................

918

Kansas, Schwartz v .....................................

931

Katzenbach, Evans v ...... *............................ 920,957

Kearney, Dorsey v ......................................

931

Keiser v. Hartman ......................................

934

Keller, Caruth v ........................................

931

Kenneeott Copper Corp. v. United States ..............

:. 414

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED. xxxv

Page

Kent v. United States ....................................

902

Kentucky, Lawson v ....................................

946

K ern v. Rundle .........................................

905

Kerns v. United States ................................... 919

K illgore v. Blackwell ...................................... 278

Kings County Super. Ct. Clerk, Borbon v .................. 919

K irby, H olt v ...........................................

933

Kirby v. United States ................................. 906, 930

Kling v. New York ......................................

920

Klinger, Meyer v ........................................

945

K nowles v. Florida ......................................

763

Konigsberg v. K oson .....................................

919

Koolish v. United States .................................

951

Koson, Konigsberg v .....................................

919

Kristovich v. Shu Tong Ng ................................ 902

K roeger v. California ....................................

901

K ropp, Gunter v ........................................

909

Krum v. M ichigan ......................................

93&

Labor Board, Dist. Council of Painters v ................... 914

Labor Board, Eastern Die Co. v .......................... 951

Labor Board, Oman Constr. Co. v ......................... 925

Labor Board, Teamsters v ................................ 903

Labor Union. See name of trade.

Lamont v. Postmaster General ............................ 301

Landman v. Marshall ....................................

945

Landon v. Northern Nat. Gas Co .......................... 914

Lane v. United States ...................................

920

Laughlin, Espey v .......................................

936

Laurence v. United States ................................

935

LaVallee v. Carafas .....................................

951

LaVallee, Carney v .....................................

955

Lawson v. Kentucky .................................... 946

Lawson v. United States .................................

957

Leaf v. Indian Claims Comm'n............................ 948

Lee County Tax Assessor, Sunset Realty Corp. v ........... 934

Lehmann, Zimmerman v .................................

925

Leighton v. Paramount Pictures Corp ..................... 925

Leiter Minerals, Inc., California Co. v ...................... 413

Leiter Minerals, Inc., United States v ...................... . 413

Lemons v. United States ................................. 930

Lepiscopo v. M acGrath ..................................

916

Lerner, List v ...........................................

908

Lerner & Co., List v ...................... .............. 908

Levin v. United States ..................................

41

xxxI TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

Levy v. New York ..................................

938

Lewis, M addock v ........................................ 929

Lewis, Pennington v ..........................................

949

Lewis v. United States................................... 920

Lewis Food Co., United States v .......................... 908

Leyde v. Rhay ..........................................

917

Linares v. United States ..................................

929

Lindenmuth v. Chester County Prothonotary ...............

929

Linkletter v. Walker......... * ............................

618

Linn v. Plant Guard Workers ............................

923

Lishey v. California .....................................

923

List v. Lerfier ..... ; ...............................

908

Lloyd v. United States...................................

952

Local. For labor union, see name of trade.

Locomotive Engineers v. Chicago, R. I. & P. R. Co .........

949

Imbardozzi v. United States .............................

938

Lomenzo, Travia v......................................

431

Loper v. Connally .......................................

918

Losieau v. Sigler ........................................

916

Louisiana, Avgikos v .....................................

924

Louisiana, Brown v ......................................

901

Louisiana v. M ississippi ..................................

947

Louisville Tr. Co., Smith v ...............................

947

Luciano v. United States .................................

945

Lukasik v. United States ....................................

938

*Mac. See also Mc.

MacBride, Williams v ...................................

905

M acfadden v. Heinze ....................................

944

M acGrath, Lepiscopo v ..................................

916

M addock -v: Lewis ......................................

929

-M adison v. M axwell .......................................

942

Madison v. North Carolina................................ 953

Maine, Wood v .......................................

929

Mallory v. Myers ......................................

943

Manning, American Airlines v ............................

277

M anning, O'Connell v ...................................

277

M archese v. New York ..................................

910

M arkley, Hodge v .......................................

927

M aroney, Cooper v...: .........

.......................

946

Marr, Federal Power Comm'n v .....

.................

392

M arshall, Landman v .....................................

945

Martin, Skolnick v ......................................

926

M ryland, Bland v ......................................

946

Mb rylaidd, Draper v ......................................

952

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED. xxxvii

Page

M aryland, D rews v ...................................... 421

M aryland, M urray v .................................... 940

Maryland for use of Levin v. United States ................. 41

Maryland for use of Meyer, United States v ................ 909

M atysek v. United States ................................ 917

M axwell, Cook v ........................................ 917

M axwell, Guerrieri v ..................................... 919

Maxwell, Madison v ..................................... 942

M axwell, M urphy v ..................................... 953

M axwell, Parker v ...................................... 919

Mc. See also Mac.

M cCain, Chase v ........................................ 939

McCarty v. Anderson .................................... 922

McClellan v. Chesapeake & 0. R. Co ...................... 130

McGee, Jefferson v

........ 941

McGregor v. Virginia.................................... 935

McIntosh v. United States ................................ 947

M cKinley v. Reilly ...................................... 276

M cLeod v. Ohio ........................................ 356

McMorris v. Superior Court of California .................. 945

McN eil v. Udall ........................................ 904

Meat Cutters v. Jewel Tea Co ............................ 676

Merando Inc., Capital Lighting & Supply v ............... 936

Merando Inc., Dist. of Col. for use of Capital Lighting v ..... 936

Meyer v. Klinger ........................................ 945

M eyer, United States v .................................. 909

Miami Beach First Nat. Bank, Simons v .................. 81,956

M ichigan, Basha v ...................................... 918

Michigan, Krum v ....................................... 935

M ichigan, Stewart v ..................................... 931

Michigan Dept. of Corrections, Greene v ................... 919

M iddleton v. Fay ........................................ 918

Midland-Ross Corp., United States v ...................... 54

M ilne v. Milne .......................... ................ 948

M im s v. United States .................................... 913

Mine Workers v. Pennington ............................. 657

Minnesota ex rel. Branchaud v. Hedman ................... 907

Minnesota Min.& Mfg. Co. v. N. J. Wood Fin. Co .......... 311

M ississippi, Henry v ..................................... 908

M ississippi, Louisiana v .................................. 947

Mississippi Governor, Cameron v ......................... 741

Missouri, Watson v ...................................... 275

Monolith Portland Cement Co. v. Riddell .................. 914

M ooney v. Stainless, Inc ................................. 925

xxxviii TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

Motor Convoy, Inc. v. United States ......................

436

M ount v. Pennsylvania ......... ........................

954

Moynihan v. New York Central R. Co ..................... 905

M ueller v. Illinois .......................................

908

M urphy v. M axwell .....................................

953

Murphy Oil Corp. v. United States .......................

.956

M urray v. M aryland .....................................

940

M yers, Cunningham v ...................................

928

M yers, Hairston v ........................................

943

M yers, M allory v ........................................

943

M yers, W right v .........................................

951

National Bulk Carriers v. United States .....................

933

National Labor Relations Board. See Labor Board.

Nebraska,'Case v ........................................

336

Nelms v. United States ...................................

943

New Jersey, Texas v ..................................

931,948

New Jersey Wood Fin. Co., Minn. Min. & Mfg. Co. v ....... 311

Newkirk v. New York ....................................

946

New M exico, Justus v ...................................

918

New York, Bjornsen v ...................................

917

New York, Dorton v ....................................

906

New York, Fink v .......................................

906

New York, Ford v ........................

..............

952

New York, Herring v .... ..............................

944

New York, Kling v ......................................

920

New York, Levy v .......................................

938

New York, M archese v ..................................

910

New York, Newkirk v ....................................

946

New York, Randazzo v ..................................

953

New York, Roberts v ....................................

956

New York, Rosario v ....................................

918

New York, Smith v ......................................

920

New York, Sparber v ....................................

951

New York, Spencer v ...................................

915

New York, Sumpter v ....................................

953

New York, Ward v .......................................

411

New York Central R. Co., Moynihan v ....................

905

New York Central R. Co. v. Southern R. Co ................

907

New York Central System, Shupe v ........................

937

New York Secretary of State, Travia v ....................

431

Nickas v. Immigration and Naturalization Service ..........

921

Nielsen, Interlake S. S. Co. v .........................

934

North Carolina, Edgerton v ..............................

901

North Carolina, Madison v ...............................

953

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED. xxxix

Page

Northern Nat. Gas Co., Landon v .........................

914

O'Callahan v. Attorney General ...........................

926

O'Connell v. Manning ...................................

277

Office Employes, Goldberg v ..............................

939

Ogletree v. United States ................................

906

Ohio, Bellitto v ..........................................

942

Ohio, Bishop v ..........................................

947

Ohio, Brady v ........................................

904, 957

Ohio, Dinsio v ..........................................

913

Ohio, Howell v .........................................

275

Ohio, McLeod v ........................................

356

Oklahom a, Billy v .......................................

354

Oklahoma Capitol Improvement Auth., Samara v ...........

354

Oman Constr. Co. v. Labor Board ........................

925

O'N eill v. Rundle ........................................

944

Operating Engineers, Casida v ............................

921

Orsinger, Janaf, Inc. v ...................................

913

Pacific Nat. Ins. Co. v. Transport Ins. Co .................

912

Packinghouse Workers v. Wilson & Co ....................

956

Painters v. Labor Board ................................

914

Pan American Pet. Corp., Federal Power Comm'n v ........ 762

Pan American Pet. Corp., Pennsylvania Utility Comm'n v... 762

Pan American Pet. Corp., Southwestern Life Ins. Co. v...... 926

Pan American World Airways, Allied Air Freight v ..........

924

Pan American World Airways, Gondeck v .................

907

Paramount Film Dist. Corp., Poster Exchange, Inc. v ...... 936

Paramount Pictures Corp., Leighton v .....................

925

Parker v. Maxwell ................................

919

Parrot v. Tallahassee. .............................

129

Patents Commissioner, Cauer v ..........................

956

Patsis v. Immigration and Naturalization Service ...........

921

Paul v. Celebrezze .......................................

906

Payne, Clark v ..........................................

943

Peacock v. Florida ......................................

916

Pennington v. Lewis ......................................

949

Pennington, Mine Workers v..........................

657

Pennsylvania, Giaccio v ..................................

923

Pennsylvania, M ount v ..................................

954

Pennsylvania R. Co., Graham v ..........................

904

Pennsylvania Utility Comm'n v. Pan American Pet. Corp .... 762

Peoples v. United States .................................

916

Peyton, Watts v........................................

919

Philadelphia, I-T-E Circuit Breaker Co. v ................

936

Pinto, Hall v ...........................................

930

XL

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Plant Guard Workers, Linn v ............................

Plaza Liquor Store v. Atlanta ............................

Pom pey v. Illinois .......................................

Pope v. United States ....................................

Poresky v. Wahlstrom ....................................

Poster Exchange, Inc. v. Paramount Film Dist. Corp .........

Postmaster General, Basic Pamphlets v ....................

Postmaster General, Lamont v .............................

Postmaster of San Francisco v. Heilberg ....................

Poulson v. Utah ......................................... Power Auth. of New York v. Federal Power Comm'n ......... Power Commission. See Federal Power Comm'n.

I=rasse, H unter v ...................

.....................

Products Research Co., Troy Co. v ........................

Purcell v. Court of Appeals of Alabama ...................

Quagliato v. United States ................................

Ralston Steel Corp. v. United States ......................

Randall v. Commissioner .................................

Randazzo v. New York ..................................

Randolph, Haines v .....................................

Ratke v. United States ...................................

Ray v. U. S. District Court ..............................

Real Estate Investment Tr. v. Commissioner ...............

Redmond v. Virginia ....................................

Reeves v. Wainwright ....................................

Reilly, M cKinley v .................

....................

Republic Steel Corp., Cook v ............................

Rhay, Copestick v .......................................

Rhay, Douglas v ........................................

Rhay, Leyde v ..........................................

Rhay, Schruder v .......................................

Rhay, Stiltner v .............................

...........

Riddell, Monolith Portland Cement Co. v ..................

Robbins Co. v. Valley Nat. Bk ............................

Roberts v. New York .......

.......................

Robertson Lumber Co. v. Continental Cas. Co ..............

Robinson v. United States ................................

Romanello v. Florida .....................................

Romano v. United States .................................

Rood v. United States .....................................

Rosario v. New York .....................................

Rosenberg, Calef v ................................

: ......

Rosenblatt v. Baer .......................................

Rosenzweig v. United States ..............................

Page
923 .914 946 941 925 936 301 301 301 947 933
932 930 930 938 950 935 953 917 939 932 911 760 918 276 950 932 942 917
931
901 914 912 956 939 945 915 921 906 918 914 931 902

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

XL

Rundle, Green w ...............................

. ....

Page
946

Rundle, Kern v .........................................

96,

R ndle, O'N eill v ........................................

944

R usk, Zem el v ...........................................

I

Salinas v. Cox ...........................................

927

Samara v. Okla. Capitol Improvement Auth ................

354

Sanchez v. United States .................................

940

San Francisco Postmaster v. Heilberg ......................

301

Santos v. California ....................................

919,957

Schawartzberg, In re .....................................

942

Schlette v. Supreme Court of California ....................

922

Schnackenberg, Holland Furnace Co, v .....................

924

Schreiber, Federal Com. Comm'n v ........................

279

Schruder v. Rhay ......

...........................

931

Schuman v. California ....................................

939

Schwartz v. Kansas ......................................

931

Schwartz v. Tanner ....................................

904, 956

Scott v. Germ ano ......................................

407, 909

Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare, Paul v ........ 906

Secretary of Interior, Ferry v ............................

904

Secretary of Interior, McNeil v ...........................

90

Secretary of State, Zemel v ...............................

1

Secretary of State of California v. Silver ..................

415

Secretary of State of New York, Travia v ..................

431

Securities and Exchange Comm'n, Boruski v ...... 917, 928, 943,944

Security Tr. Co., Diversified Development Corp. v ..........

951

Selz v. California ........................................

932

Serman v. United States .................................

912

Seward School Board, Watts v ............................

126

Seymour v. Wilkins .......................................

928

Shahadi v. United States .................................

903

Shepherd v. Beto ........................................

931

Shott, Tehan v ..........................................

923

Shupe v. New York Central System .......................

937

Shu Tong Ng, Kristovich v ..............................

902

Sigler, Ferrario v ........................................

907

Sigler, Losieau v .........................................

916

Silver, Jordan v .........................................

415

Silver, Secretary of State of California v ...................

415

Silverman v. United States ........................ ....... 946

Simmons v. Washington ...................................

934

Simons v. Miami Beach First Nat. Bank ...............

81,956

Skolnick v. Hastings ...............

. .....................

901

Skolnick v. Martin ......................................

926

XLII

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

Smith v. Crain Bros., Inc ................................

942

Smith v. Louisville Tr. Co ................................

947

Sm ith v. New York ......................................

920

Smith v. United States .............................

913,916,954

Sm ith v. Warden ........................................

411

Smylie, Hearne v .............................................

420

Southerland v. Georgia ..................................

956

Southern R. Co., New York Central R. Co. v ..............

907

Southwestern Life Ins. Co. v. Pan American Pet. Corp ...... 926

Sparber v. New York ....................................

951

Spencer v. New York ....................................

915

Spomar v. United States .................................

956

'Stainless, Inc., M ooney v .................................

925

State. See name of State.

Stephens v. Texas .......................................

956

Stergios, Corbett v ......................................

124

Steryiakis, Corbett v .............

...................

124

Stevenson v. Chappell ...................

...............

901

Stevenson v. Wilkins .........

..................

.0.18

Stewart v. Michigan ......................................

931

Stiltner v. Rhay .........................................

901

Stirone v. Hurtt .........................................

925

Stirone v. United States ..................................

902

Stone v. U. S. Court of Appeals ...........................

908

Streeter v. Illinois ........................................

930

Strollo v. United States ..................................

912

Subversive Act. Cont. Bd., Albertson v ...................

910

Sullivan v. Taylor .......................................

916

Summerlin v. United States .............................

903,956

Sumpter v. New York ...................................

953

Sunset Realty Corp. v. Tax Assessor of Lee County ......... 934

Superior Court for Grays Harbor County, Chase v ...........

908

Superior Court of California, McMorris v ..................

945

Superior Court of California, Walker v .....................

932

Supreme Court of California, Ellis v .......................

918

Supreme Court of California, Schlette v ....................

922

Susser v. Carvel Corp ...................................

125

Swain v. Alabam a .......................................

921

Tahash, Beltowski v .....................................

948

Tahash, Farrington v ....................................

909

Tallahassee, Parrot v .................................... 129

Tanner, Schwartz v ....................................

904,956

Tax Assessor of Lee County,' Sunset Realty Corp. v .........

934

Taylor, Sullivan v .......................................

916

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED. XLIII

Page
T. B. Harms Co. v. Eliscu ................................ 915

Teamsters v. Labor Board ...............................

903

Tehan v. Shott ..........................................

923

Tennessee, Goins v .......................................

928

Tennessee, Jam es v ......................................

941

Tennessee Gas Transmission Co. v. Federal Power Comm'n.. 950 Texaco, Inc., Federal Trade Comm'n v .................... 739

Texaco, Inc., Harrington v ................................

915

Texas, Estes v ..........................................

532

Texas, G raves v .........................................

921

Texas, Hackathorn v ....................................

930

Texas v. New Jersey ..................................

931,948

Texas, Stephens v .......................................

956

Texas Governor, Loper v ................................. 918

Texas & Pac. R. Co., Forester v .......................... 944

Thomas v. United States .................................

.921

Thompson v. United States ............................... 926

Tinsley, Ballay v ........................................

919

Tjonaman v. A/S Glittre .................................

925

Trade Commission. See Federal Trade Comm'n.

Transport Ins. Co., Pacific Nat. Ins. Co. v ................. 912

Travia v. Lom enzo ... ...................................

431

Treasurer of Illinois v. Germano ........................ 407, 909

Troy Co. v. Products Research Co ......................... 930

Tucker v. Indiana .......................................

916

Tucker v. United States .................................

952

Turney v. Arkansas ......................................

276

Udall, Ferry v ..........................................

904

Udall, McN eil v ........................................

904

Uaiion. For labor union, see name of trade.

Union Electric Co., Federal Power Comm'n v .............. 90, 956

United. For labor Union, see name of trade.

United Gas Improvement Co. v. Continental Oil Co ......... 392

United States v. Adams ..................................

931

United States, Adams v ..................................

952

United States v. Ahtanum Irrigation Dist .................. 924

United States, Ahtanum Irrigation Dist. v ....................

924

United States, Air Dispatch, Inc. v ........................ 412

United States, Allegretti v .............................. 911,956

United States, American Dist. Telegraph Co. v ............. 910 United States, Armstrong v .............................. 905

United States v. Atlas Life Ins. Co ......................... 233

United States, Automatic Fire Alarm Co. v ................ 910

United States, Azzone v ..................................

943

XLIV

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

United States, Barkan v ..................................

940

United States, Batten v ..................................

930

United States, Baxa v .................................... 353

United States, Baxter v ................................... 934

United States, Bendelari v ............................... 956

United States v. Brown ..................................

437

United States, Brucker v .................................

937

United States v. California ............................... 139

United States, Campbell v ................................

946

United States, Carbone v .................................

941

United States, Carter v ..................................

M 7

United States, Castle v .................................

929,953

United States, Cole v .............. ..................... 950

United States, Columbia Artists Management Inc. v ........ 348

United States, Cook v ....................................

939

United States, Coronado v ................................ 943

United States, Cortez v ..................................

953

United States, Darlak v ................................

911,956

United States, Deane Hill Country Club v .................

937

United States, Di Palermo v .............................. 940

United States, Dixon v ...................................

68

United States, Dunn v ....................................

945

United States v. Ewell .................................... 909

United States, Falzone v .................................

911

United States, Ferina v ..................................

902

United States, Fernandez v ............................... 942

United States, Firo v ....................................

929

United States, Fore v ....................................

912

United States, Fox v .....................................

436

United States, Glouser v ..................................

940

United States, Gray v .................................... 926

United States v. Grinnell Corp ............................. 910

United States, Grinnell Corp. v ..........................

910

United States, Grosh v ..................................

936

United States v. Guest .................................... 932

United States, Gunston v ................................. 930

United States, Hair Industry v ........................... 950

United Stares, Halyshyn v ................................

928

United States, Hilbrich v .................................

941

United States, Holmes Electric Protective Co.v ............. 910

United States, Irwin v ................................... 911

United States, Jaben v ................. :................. 214

United States, Jefferson v ................................ 928

United States, Jones v ..... ........................... 907,915

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

XLV

Page
United States, Kennecott Copper Corp. v ................. 414

United States, Kent v ..................................

902

United States, Kerns v ...................................

919

United States, Kirby v ......

....................

906,930

United States, Koolish v .................................

951

United States, Lane v ....................................

920

United States, Laurence v .................................

935

United States, Lawson v .................................

957

United States v. Leiter Minerals, Inc .......................

413

United States, Lemons v .................................

930

United States, Levin v ....................................

41

United States, Lewis v ....................................

920

United States v. Lewis Food Co ...........................

908

United States, Linares v .................................

929

United States, Lloyd v ...................................

952

United States, Lombardozzi v .............................

938

United States, Luciano v .................................

945

United States, Lukasik v .................................

938

United States, Maryland for use of Levin v ................

41

United States v. Maryland for use of Meyer ..............

909

United States, M atysek v .................................

917

United States, McIntosh v................................

947

United States v. Meyer ....................................

909

United States v. Midland-Ross Corp ......................

54

United States, M ims v ...........

.......................

913

United States, Motor Convoy, Inc. v......................

.436

United States, Murphy Oil Corp. v ........................

956

United States, National Bulk Carriers v ..................

933

United States, Nelms v ...................................

943

United States, Ogletree v ................................

906

United States, Peoples v ......

......................

916

United States, Pope v ....................................

941

United States, Quagliato v ...............................

938

United States, Ralston Steel Corp. v .......................

950

United States, Ratke v ...................................

939

United States, Robinson v ................................

945

United States, Romano v...

.....................

921

United States, Rood v ...................................

906

United States, Rosenzweig v .............................

902

United States, Sanchez v .................................

940

United States, Serman v ..................................

912

United States, Shahadi v .................................

903

United States, Silverman v ................................

946

United States, Smith v ......................

913, 916, 954

XLVI

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED.

Page

United States, Spomar v .................................

956

United States, Stirone v..P ...............................

902

United States, Strollo v ..................................

912

United States, Summerlin v ............................

903, 956

United States, Thomas v .................................

921

United States, Thompson v ..............................

926

United States, Tucker v ..................................

952

United States, Uselding v .................................

941

United States, Valcarcel v ................................

926

United States, Vida v ...................................

921

United States, Vincent v .................................

947

United States, Wallace v .................................

918

United States, Ware v ...................................

954

United States, Waterman S. S. Corp. v .....................

252

United States, Wells v .....................

**............. 927

United States, Williamson v ................

; .............

950

United States, Zizzo v ...................................

915

U. S. Circuit Judge, Holland Furnace Co. v ................

924

U. S. Circuit Judges, Skolnick v ..........................

901

U. S. Court of Appeals, Goodson v .......................

932

U. S. Court of Appeals, Stone v ..........................

908

U. S. District Court, Ray v ..............................

932

U. S. District Judge, Fey " v .............................

940

U. S. District Judge v. Hauberg ..........................

935

U. S. District Judge, Williams v ..........................

905

U. S. ex rel. See name of real party in interest.

U. S. Fidelity & Guaranty Co., Allan Herschell Co. v ........ 913

U. S. for the use and benefit of. See name of real party in

interest.

Uselding v. United States ................................

941

Utah, Poulson v .........................................

947

Valcarcel v. United States ................................

926

Valley Nat. Bk., B. Ray Robbins Co. v ....................

912

Victory Transport, Comisaria General de Abastecimientos v.. 934

Vida v. United States ...................................

921

Vincent v. United States ....................

947

Virginia, Dunford v .....................................

917

Virginia, Ganger v ........................................

942

Virginia, Holt v .........................................

131

Virginia, Jones v ........................................

955

Virginia, McGregor v ....................................

935

Virginia, Redmond v ....................................

760

Vitek, Joseph v ...... ..................................

908

W ahlstrom , Poresky v ....................................

925

W ainwright, Brown v ....................................

931

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED. XLVII

Page

Wainwright, Hairston v ..................................

939

W ainwright, Reeves v ...................................

918

W alker v. Georgia .......................................

355

W alker, Goins v ........................................

906

Walker, Linklett~r v ...............

................

618

Walker v. Superior Court of California .................... 932

Walker v. Wilson ........................................

927

W allace v. United States .................................

918

W ard v. New York ......................................

411

Warden. See also name of warden.

Warden, Dutton v ......................................

918

Warden, Jackson v ...................................... 906

Warden, Sm ith v ........................................

411

Warden, Weinreich v .................................... 928

Ware v. United States ...................................

954

Washington, Draper v ...................................

931

Washington, Simmons v ..................................

934

Waterman S. S. Corp. v. United States ...................

252

Watson v. Commercial Credit Corp .......................

943

W atson v. Missouri ......................................

275

W atts v. Peyton ........................................

919

Watts v. Seward School Board ...........................

126

Weinreich v. Warden ....................................

948

Wells v. United States ...................................

927

West Des M oines, Beh v ................................

935

Western Radio Corp. v. Federal Trade Comm'n .............

938

W hite v. Crouse .........................................

954

White v. H einze .........................................

901

Whiteside v. Connecticut .................................

903

Wilkins, Seymour v .....

..........................

928

Wilkins, Stevenson v ..........................................

938

W illiams v. Fay .........................................

945

Williams v. MacBride ...................................

905

Williamson v. United States ..............................

950

Wilson v. Anderson ......................................

927

Wilson, D ixon v ..........................................

909

Wilson, Walker v ........................................

927

Wilson & Co., Packinghouse Workers v ............

....... 956

W. M. R. Watch Case Corp. v. Federal Trade Comm'n ....... 936

Wood v. Maine .........................................

929

Worley v. H aynes .......................................

941

Wright v. M yers ........................................

951

Zem el v. Rusk ..........................................

1

Zimmerman v. Lehmann .................................

925

Zizzo v. United States ................................... 915

