U. S. v. DISTRICT COURT FOR WATER DIV. NO. 5 527
Syllabus
UNITED STATES v. DISTRICT COURT IN AND FOR WATER DIVISION NO. 5 ET AL.
CERTIORARI TO THE, SUPREME COURT OF COLORADO
No. 812. Argued March 2, 1971Dedided March 24, 1971
In this companion case to U. S. v. District Court for Eagle County, ante, p: 520, the United States had been served with notice pursuant to 43 U. S. C. § 666 of a proceeding in state court for the adjudication of water rights affecting areas of the State in the drainage basins of the Colorado River system. In addition to its 1aim that § 666 does not apply to state court suits against the Government for adjudication of its reserved water rights, the Govermient contended that the state statutory proceedings involved in this case, which contemplated monthly proceedings before a water referee on water rights applications filed within a particular month, do not constitute general adjudications of water rights under § 666 because all the water userafnd all water -rights on a stream system are not implicated in the referee's determinations.. The Gbvernmen contentions were rejected by the state courts. Held: 1. The state court has jurisdiction to adjudicate the reserved water rights of the United States. Eagle County, supra. P. 529. 2. The state statutory proceedings are within the scope of § 666 and reach all claims in their totality, although the adjudication is made on a monthly basis. Pp. 529-530.
Affirmed.
MiatJusTIcE DOUGLAS delivered thb opinion for a unanmous Court. MA. JUsTIcE HrAN, though joining in the opinion, filed a concurring statement, po8t, p. 530.
Deputy Assist4nt Attorney GeneralKiechel argued the cause for the United States. With him on the briefs were Solicitor General Griswold, Assistant Attorney General Kashiwa, Samuel Huntington, and Edmund B. Clark.

OCTOBER TERM, 1970

Opinion of the Cdurt

401 U. S.

Kenneth Balcomb argued the cause for respondents. With him on the brief was Robert L. McCarty.

MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS delivered the opinion of the Court.
This is a companion case to the Eagle County case, ante, p. 520, and involves an action brought under a different state statute" in the District Court of Colorado for Water Division No. 5.V That court was given responsibility for water rights determinations affecting "all lands in the state of Colorado in the drainage basins of the
Colorado river and all of its tributaries arising within Colorado, with the exception of the Gunnison river,"" which includes the area of the Eagle River system.
Notice was served on the United States pursuant to 43 U. S. C. § 666 (b) and it moved to quash the service. That motion was denied. A writ of prohibition was sought in the Supreme Court and it was also denied. The case is here on a petition for a writ of certiorari which we granted. 400 U. S.940.
The area covered by this suit includes vastly more extensive water rights than those involved in the Eagle County-case. The Forest Service administers four separate national forests in the area: the White River, Arapaho, Routt, and Grand Mesa-Uncompahgre. The Department of the Interior, through the Bureau of Reclamation, the National Park Service, the Bureau of Land Management, the Bureau of Mines, and the Bureau of

'The Colorado Water Rights Determination and Administration Act of 1969, Colo. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 148-21-1 et seq., Colo.Rev. Stat.
Ann. § 148-21-18 (3) (Supp. 1969).
2The 1969 Act here in question abolished the 70 water districts
previously existing and replaced them with seven water divisions. 3 Colo. Rev. Stat. Ann: § 148-21-8 (6).

U. S. v. DISTRICT COURT FOR WATER DIV. NO. 5 529

527

Opinion of the Court

Sport Fisheries and Wildlife, makes use of water in Water Division No. 5 for national recreational and other purposes. The Department of the Navy administers certain naval petroleum and oil shale reserves which, if everdeveloped, would require water to accomplish the federal purp6 e for which the reservations were made.
The major issue-the scope of the consent-to-be-,ued
provision in 43 U. S,C. §666-hag:been covered i.t,he Eagle County opinion and need not be repeated here.
It is emphasized, however, that the procedure' under the new Act are much more burdensome on the Government than they were. under the older Act. It is pointedout that-the new: statute contemplates monthly proceedings before 'awater referee on water rights applica-
tions: These proceedings, it is argued, do not constitute
general adjudications 6f water rights because all the water users and all water rights on a stream system are. not involved in the referee's determinations. The only
water rights considered in th6 proceeding are those for which an application has been filed within a particular month. 'Itis, also said that the Act makes all water, rights-confirmed under the new procedifre junior to those previously awarded.
It is argued from those premises that the proceeding does not constitute a general adjudication which 43 U. S. C. § 666 contemplated. %.As we said in the Eagle County case, the words "general adjudfcatin" were used in Duganv. Rank, 372 U. S. 609, 618, to indicate that 43 U. S. C. § 666 does not cover consent by the United States to be sued in a private suit to determine itsrights against a few claimants. The present suit, likethe one in the. Eagle County case, reaches all claims, perhaps month by month but inclusively in the t6tality; and, as we a.id in the other case, if there is a collision, between prior adju-

OCTOBER TERM, 1970

HAmAN, J., concurring

401 U.S.

dicated rights and reserved rights of the United States, the federal question can be preserved in the state decision and brought here for review.
Affirmed.
MR. JusT cE HA ,concurring.*
I join in the opinions of the Court in these cases, explicitly disclaiming, however, the intimation of any , view as to the existence and .scope of the so-called "reserved water rights" of the United States, either in general or in the particular situations here involved.

*This statement applies also to No. 87; United States v. District Court in and for the County of Eagle et al., ante, p. 520.>-

OCTOBER TERM, 1970 Syllabus

401 U. S.

UNITED STATES v. DISTRICT COURT IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF EAGLE ET AL.
CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME COURT OF COLORADO
No. 87. Argued March.2, 1971-Decided March 24, 1971
This case arises from the attempted joinder pursuant to 43 U. S. C.
§ 666 of the United States as a defendant in a proceeding in state court for the adjudication 'of water rights covering the Eagle River system in Colorado. Under § 666 (a) "[c]onsent is given to join the United States as a defendant in any suit (1) for the adjudication of rights to the use of water of a river system or other source, or (2) for the administration of such rights, where it appears that the United States [owns] or is in the process of acquiring water rights by appropriation under, State law, by purchase, by exchange, or otherwise . . . ." The United States contended that § 666 applies only to water rights that it had acquired under state law and does not constitute consent to have adjudicated in a state court the Government's reserved water rights arising from withdrawals of land from the public domain. Its objection -was overruled by the trial court and the Colorado Supreme Court denied the Government's motion for a writ of prohibition. Held: Section 666 (a) is an all-inclusive statutory provision that subjects to general adjudication in state proceedings all rights of the United States to water within a particular State's jurisdiction regardless of how they were acquired. Any conflict between adjudicated rights and reserved rights of the United States, if preserved in-the state proceeding, can ultimately be reviewed in: this Court. Pp. 522-526. 169 Colo. 555, 458 P. 2d 760, affirmed.
MR. JUSTIcn DOUGLAS delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. MR. JusTi E HARLAN, though joining in the opinion, filed a concurring statement, post, p. 530.
Deputy Assistant Attorney GeneralKiechel argued the cause for the United States. With him on the brief were Solicitor General Griswold, Assistant Attorney General Kashiwa, FrancisX. Beytagh, Jr., Edmund B. Clark, and Charles N. Woodruff.

U. S. v. DISTRICT COURT FOR EAGLE COUNTY 521

520

Opinion of the Court

Kenneth Balcomb argued the cause for respondents. With him on the brief were Robert L. McCarty, George L. Zoellner, Don H. Sherwood, and Raphael J. Moses.
Briefs of amici curiae were filed by Gary K. Nelson, Attorney General, and Irving A. Jennings for the State of Arizona et al.; by Thomas C. Lynch, Attorney General, Walter S. Rountree, Assistant Attorney General, and David B. Stanton, Deputy Attorney- General, for the State of California; by Duke W. Dunbar,Attorney General of Colorado, Lee Johnson, Attorney General of Oregon, Harvey Dickerson, Attorney General of Nevada, Robert M. Robson, Attorney General of Idaho, Robert L. Woodahl, Attorney General of -Montana, and G. Kent Edwards, Attorney- General of Alaska, for the States of Colorado et al.; by G. T. Blankenship, Attorney General, and W. Howard O'Bryan, Jr., Assistant Attorney General, for the State of Oklahoma; by Vernon B. Romney, Xttorney General, Robert B. Hansen, Deputy Attorney'General, and Dallin W. Jensen, Assistalnt Attorney General, 'for the State of Utah; by "SladeGorton,Attorney General,' and Charles B. Roe, Jr., and Henry W. Ipsen, Assistant Attorneys General, for the State of Washington; and by James E. Barrett, Attorney General, Sterling A. Case, Deputy Attorney General, and Jack R. Gage, Special Assistant Attorney General, for the State of Wyoming.,
''MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS deliered the opinion of the Court.
Eagle River is a tributary of the Colorado River; and Water District 37 is a Colorado entity encompassing all, Colorado lands irrigated by water' of the Eagle and its tributaries. The present -case started in the Colorado. courts and is called a supplemental water adjudication under Colo. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 148-9-7 (1963). The Colorado court issued a notice which, inter alia, asked all

OCTOBER TERM, 1970

Opinion of the Court

401 U. S.

owners and claimants of water rights in those streams "to
file a statement of claim and to appear . . . in regard to
all water rights owned or claimed by them." The United States was served with this notice pursuant to 43 U. S. C. § 666.1 The. United States moved to be dismissed as a *party, asserting that 43 U. S. C. §666 does not constitute -cwoantseernrtigtohthsave adjudicated in a state court the reserved
of the United States.
The objections of the United States were overruled by the state District Court and on a motion for a writ of prohibition the Colorado Supreme Court took the same view. 169 Colo. 555, 458 P. 2d 760. The case is here on a petition for certiorari, which we granted. 397 U. S. 1005.
We affirm the Colorado decree. It is clear from our cases that the United States often has reserved water rights based on withdrawals from the public domain. As we said in Arizona v. California, 373 U. S. 546, the Federal Government had the authority both before and after a State is admitted into the Union "to reserve waters for the use and benefit of'

166 Stat. 560, 43 U. S. C. § 666 (a), provides:
"Consent is'given to join the United States as a defendant in any suit (1) for the adjudication of rights to the use of water of a river system or other source, or (2) for the administration of such rights, where it appears that the United States is the owner of or is. in the process of acquiring water rights by appropriation under State law, by purchase, by exchange, or otherwise, and the. :United States is a necessary~party to such suit. The United States, when a party to any such- suit, shall (1) be deemed to have waived any right to plead that the .State laws are inapplicable or that the United 'States is not amenable thereto by reason of its sovereignty, and (2) shall be subject to the judgments, orders, and decrees of the court having jurisdiction, and, may obtain review thereof, in the same manner and to the same extent as a private individual under like circumstances: Povided, That no judgment for costs .shall be entered against the United States in any such
suit."

U. S. v. DISTRICT COURT FOR EAGLE COUNTY 523

520

Opinion of the Court

federally reserved lands." Id., at 597. The federally reserved lands include any federal enclave. In Arizona v. California we were primarily concerned with Indian reservations. Id., at 598-601. The reservation of waters may be only implied and the amount will reflect the nature of the federal enclave. Id., at 600-601. Here the United States is primarily concerned with reserved waters for the White River National Forest, withdrawn in 1905, Colorado having been admitted into the Union in 1876.
The United States points out that Colorado water rights are based on the appropriation system which requires the permanent fixing of rights to the use of water at the time of the adjudication, with no provision for the future needs, as is often required in case of reserved water rights.2 Ibid. Since those rights may potentially be at war with appropriative rights, it is earnestly urged that 43 U. S. C. § 666 gave consent to join the United States only for the adjudication of water rights which the United States acquired pursuant to state law.
The consent to join the United States "in any suit (1) for the adjudication of rights to the use of water of a river system or other source" would seem to be allinclusive. We deem almost frivolous the suggestion that the Eagle and its tributaries are not a "river system" within the meaning of the Act. No suit -by any State could possibly encompass all of the water rights in the entire Colorado River which runs through or touches many States. The "river system" must be read as embracing one within the particular State's jurisdiction. With .that to one side, the first clause of § 666 (a) (1), read literally, would seem to cover this case for "rights to the use of water of a river system" is broad enough to embrace "reserved" waters.
2See Coffin v. LeftHand Ditch Co., 6 "Colo.443, 446; Mason v.
Hills Land & Cattle Co., 119 Colo. 404, 204 P. 2d 153.

OCTOBER TERM, 1970

Opinion of the Court

401 U. S.

The main reliance of the United States appears to be on Clause 2 of § 666 (a) which reads:
". .. for. the administrationi of such rights, where it appears that the United States is the owher of or is in the process of acquiring water rights by appropriation under State law, by purchase, by exchange, or otherwise."
This provision does not qualify § 666 (a) (1), for (1) and (2) are separated by an "or." Yet even if "or" be read as "and," we see no difficulty with Cdolorado's position. Section 6.66 (a) (2) obviously includes water rights previously acquired by-the United States through appropriation br presently in the process of being so acquired. But we do not read § 666 (a) (2) as being restricted to appropriative rights acquired under state law. In the first place "the administration of such rights" in § 666 (a) (2) must refer to the rights described: in (1) for they are the only ones which 'in this context "such" could mean; and as we. have seen they are all-inclusive, in terms at least., Moreover, (2) covers rights acquired by appropriation under state law and rights acquired "by purchase" or "by exchange, ' which we assume would normally be appropriative rights. But it also includes water rights which the United States has "otherwise" acquired. The doctrine of ejusdem generis is invoked to. maintain that "6r otherwise" does not encompass the adjudication of reserved water rights, which are in no way dependent for their creation or existence on state law.' We reject that conclusion for we deal with an all-inclusive statute concerning "the adjudication of rights -to the use of water of a river system" which in § 666 (a) (1) has no exceptions and which, as we read it, includes appropriative rights, riparian rights, and reserved* rights.
' See Comment, 48 Calif. L. Rev. 94, 111 (1960).

U. S. v. DISTRICT COURT FOR EAGLE COUNTY 525

520

Opinion of the Court

It is said that this adjudication is not a; "general" one as required by Dugan v. Rank, 372 U.. S. 609, 618. This proceeding, unlike the one in Dugan, is not a private one to determnine whether named claimants have priority over theUnited States. The whole community of claims is involved and as Senator McCarran, Chairman of the Committee reporting on the bill, said in reply to Senator Magnuson: * "S.18 is not intended . .- to be used for any other purpose than to allow the United tates to be joined in a suit wherein it is necessary to adjudicate all ·of the rights of various owners on a given stream. This is so because unless all of the parties "owning or in the process of acquiring water rights on a particular stream can be joined as parties defendant, any subsequent decree would be of little value."
It is said, however, that since this is a supplemental adjudication only those who claim water rights acquired since the last adjudication of that water-district are before *the court.' It is also said that the earliest priority date decreed in such an adjudication must be later than the last priority date decreed inthe pieceding adjudication.6 The last water adjudication in this water district was entered on February 21,. 1966, and the United States was not ,aparty to that or to any prior proceeding in this water district. The United. States accordingly says that since the United States cannot be barred by the previous decrees and since the owners of previously decreed rights a'e not before'the court, the consent envisaged b '43 U.'S. C: § 666 is not present. -We think that argument is. extrem6ly technical;- and We decline to confine 43 U. S., C. § 666 so narrowly.. The .absence- of owners of previously dedreed rights may pre-
4 S. Rep. No. 75.5, 82d Cong., lst Sess., 9. And see:Pao.* Live Stockc. Co. v. Oregon Water Bd., 241 U.S..440, 448. -
Colo. Rev. Stat. Ann. § !48-94:. id., §-148-9-13.

OCTOBER TERM, 1970

Opinion of the Court

401 U. S.

sent problems going, to the merits, in case there develops

a collision between them and any reserved rights of the

United States.7 All such questions, including the volume

and scope of particular reserved rights, are federal ques-

tions which, if preserved, can be reviewed here after final

judgment by the Colorado court.

Affirmed."

[For concurring statement of MR. JUSTICE HARLw, see post, p. 530.]

7The Colorado court stated: "We are 'not determining whether the United States has reserved water rights in connection with lands withdrawn subsequent to August -1,1876, the date of Colorado's admission .to the Union; nor, if so, whether these rights have priority over previously adjudicated rights. These questions properly should be decided after the United
States presents its specific claims for adjudication -and the*issues of fact and law are clearly drawn." 169 Colo., at 577, 458 P. 2d, at
770.

