z

CDel 0

Cc>o -

com

n ~004t

'

&co0nI00

0

zz

t

CTI4
4

-t-4 L:-
'0,iiiii

03

r o

o

to

Pg

1-4

1

-z 4C ' om4
o
-(o

- 040U4.

too

cooo

C*.-0)

00 E-i~
Fo

L..~
Ei
til
0) J22 0
zz

0~ a~~db CL)
To lo ".a-

0)

O

1312

ORDER ADOPTING REVISED RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES WEDNESDAY, JULY 26, 1995
IT IS ORDERED that the revised Rules of this Court, today approved by the Court and lodged with the Clerk, shall be effective October 2, 1995, and be printed as an appendix to the United States Reports.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Rules promulgated December 5, 1989, see 493 U. S. 1099, and all amendments to those Rules, shall be rescinded as of October 1, 1995, and that the Rules shall govern all proceedings in cases commenced after that date and, to the extent feasible and just, cases then pending. See revised Rule 48.2.
1196

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES

TABLE OF CONTENTS

R ule 1. Rule 2. R ule 3. Rule 4.

PART I. THE CouRT
Clerk ............................................................................................. Library ......................................................................................... Term .............................................................................................. Sessions and Quorum .................................................................

Page
1199 1199 1200 1200

PART II. ATTORNEYS AND COUNSELORS
Rule 5. Admission to the Bar ................................................................. 1200 Rule 6. Argument Pro Hac Vice ........................................................... 1202 Rule 7. Prohibition Against Practice .................................................... 1202 Rule 8. Disbarment and Disciplinary Action ...................................... 1202 Rule 9. Appearance of Counsel .............................................................. 1203

PART III. JURISDICTION ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI

Rule 10. Considerations Governing Review on Certiorari ................. 1203

Rule 11. Certiorari to a United States Court of Appeals Before

Judgm ent..................................................................................

1204

Rule 12. Review on Certiorari: How Sought; Parties ......................... 1204

Rule 13. Review on Certiorari: Time for Petitioning ......................... 1207

Rule 14. Content of a Petition for a Writ of Certiorari ...................... 1208

Rule 15. Briefs in Opposition; Reply Briefs; Supplemental Briefs... 1211

Rule 16. Disposition of a Petition for a Writ of Certiorari ................ 1214

PART IV. OTHER JURISDICTION
Rule 17. Procedure in an Original Action ............................................. 1214 Rule 18. Appeal from a United States District Court ........................ 1215 Rule 19. Procedure on a Certified Question .......................................... 1220 Rule 20. Procedure on a Petition for an Extraordinary Writ ............ 1221

PART V. MOTIONS AND APPLICATIONS
Rule 21. Motions to the Court ................................................................. 1223 1197

1198 11 98
Rule 22. Rule 23.

TABLE OF CONTENTS AL FCNET
Applications to Individual Justices ......................................... Stays .............................................................................................

Page
1224 1225

PART VI. BRIEFS ON THE MERITS AND ORAL ARGUMENT

Rule 24. Briefs on the Merits: In General ............................................. 1226

Rule 25. Briefs on the Merits: Number of Copies and Time to File 1228

Rule 26. Joint Appendix ............................................................................ 1229

Rule 27. Calendar ....................................................................................

1232

Rule 28. Oral Argument ..........................................................................

1232

Rule 29.
Rule 30. Rule 31. Rule 32. Rule 33.
Rule 34. Rule 35. Rule 36. Rule 37. Rule 38. Rule 39. Rule 40.

PART VII. PRACTICE AND PROCEDURE

Filing and Service of Documents; Special Notifications;

Corporate Listing ............................................................... 1233

Computation and Extension of Time ...................................... 1236

Translations .................................................................................

1237

Models, Diagrams, and Exhibits .............................................. 1237

Document Preparation: Booklet Format; 81/2- by 11-Inch

Paper Format ....................................................................... 1238

Document Preparation: General Requirements ................... 1241

Death, Substitution, and Revivor; Public Officers ............... 1243

Custody of Prisoners in Habeas Corpus Proceedings ......... 1244

Brief for an Amicus Curiae..................................................... 1244

Fees .....................................12.4.6............

Proceedings In FormaPauperis............................................ 1247

Veterans, Seamen, and Military Cases ................................... 1248

Rule 41. Rule 42. Rule 43.
Rule 44. Rule 45. Rule 46.

PART VIII. DIsPOSIoN OF CASES

Opinions of the Court ................................................................ 1249

Interest and Damages ............................................................... 1249

Costs ....................................1.2.50.............

Rehearing .....................................................................................

1251

Process; Mandates ............................12.5.2 ............

Dismissing Cases ........................................................................ 1252

PART IX. DEFINITIONS AN EFFECTVE DATE
Rule 47. Reference to "State Court" and "State Law". ..................... 1253 Rule 48. Effective Date of Rules............................................................. 1253

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
ADOPTED JULY 26, 1995-EFFEcTIVE OCTOBER 2, 1995
PART I. THE COURT
Rule 1. Clerk 1. The Clerk receives documents for fling with the Court
and has authority to reject any submitted filing that does not comply with these Rules.
2. The Clerk maintains the Court's records' and will not permit any of them to be removed from the Court building except as authorized by the Court. Any document ified with the Clerk and made a part of the Court's records may not thereafter be withdrawn from the official Court files. After the conclusion of proceedings in this Court, original records and documents transmitted to this Court by any other court will be returned to the court from which they were received.
3. Unless the Court or the Chief Justice orders otherwise, the Clerk's office is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on federal legal holidays listed in 5 U. S. C. § 6103.
Rule 2. Library 1. The Court's library is available for use by appropriate
personnel of this Court, members of the Bar of this Court, Members of Congress and their legal staffs, and attorneys for the United States and for federal departments and agencies.
2. The library's hours are governed by regulations made by the Librarian with the approval of the Chief Justice or the Court.
1199

1200

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

3. Library books may not be removed from the Court building, except by a Justice or a member of a Justice's staff.

Rule 3. Term
The Court holds a continuous annual Term commencing on the first Monday in October and ending on the day before the first Monday in October of the following year. See 28 U. S. C. §2. At the end of each Term, all cases pending on the docket are continued to the next Term.

Rule 4. Sessions and Quorum
1. Open sessions of the Court are held beginning at 10 a.m. on the first Monday in October of each year, and thereafter as announced by the Court. Unless it orders otherwise, the Court sits to hear arguments from 10 a.m. until noon and from 1 p.m. until 3 p.m.
2. Six Members of the Court constitute a quorum. See 28 U. S. C. § 1. In the absence of a quorum on any day appointed for holding a session of the Court, the Justices attending--or if no Justice is present, the Clerk or a Deputy Clerk-may announce that the Court will not meet until
there is a quorum. 3. When appropriate, the Court will direct the Clerk or
the Marshal to announce recesses.

PART II. ATTORNEYS AND COUNSELORS
Rule 5. Admission to the Bar
1. To qualify for admission to the Bar of this Court, an applicant must have been admitted to practice in the highest court of a State, Commonwealth, Territory or Possession, or the District of Columbia for a period of at least three years immediately before the date of application; must not have been the subject of any adverse disciplinary action pronounced or in effect during that 3-year period; and must appear to the Court to be of good moral and professional character.
2. Each applicant shall file with the Clerk (1) a certificate from the presiding judge, clerk, or other authorized official

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1201

of that court evidencing the applicant's admission to practice there and the applicant's current good standing, and (2) a completely executed copy of the form approved by this Court and furnished by the Clerk containing (a) the applicant's personal statement, and (b) the statement of two sponsors endorsing the correctness of the applicant's statement, stating that the applicant possesses all the qualifications required for admission, and affirming that the applicant is of good moral and professional character. Both sponsors must be members of the Bar of this Court who personally know, but are not related to, the applicant.
3. If the documents submitted demonstrate that the applicant possesses the necessary qualifications, and if the applicant has signed the oath or affirmation and paid the required fee, the Clerk will notify the applicant of acceptance by the Court as a member of the Bar and issue a certificate of admission. An applicant who so wishes may be admitted in open court on oral motion by a member of the Bar of this Court, provided that all other requirements for admission have been satisfied.
4. Each applicant shall sign the following oath or affirmation: I, ............... , do solemnly swear (or affirm) that as an attorney and as a counselor of this Court, I will conduct myself uprightly and according to law, and that I will support the Constitution of the United States.
5. The fee for admission to the Bar and a certificate bearing the seal of the Court is $100, payable to the United States Supreme Court. The Marshal will deposit such fees in a separate fund to be disbursed by the Marshal at the direction of the Chief Justice for the costs of admissions, for the benefit of the Court and its Bar, and for related purposes.
6. The fee for a duplicate certificate of admission to the Bar bearing the seal of the Court is $15, payable to the United States Supreme Court. The proceeds will be maintained by the Marshal as provided in paragraph 5 of this Rule.

1202

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

Rule 6. Argument Pro Hac Vice 1. An attorney not admitted to practice in the highest
court of a State, Commonwealth, Territory or Possession, or the District of Columbia for the requisite three years, but otherwise eligible for admission to practice in this Court under Rule 5.1, may be permitted to argue pro hac vice.
2. An attorney qualified to practice in the courts of a foreign state may be permitted to argue pro hac vice.
3. Oral argument pro hac vice is allowed only on motion of the counsel of record for the party on whose behalf leave is requested. The motion shall state concisely the qualifications of the attorney who is to argue pro hac vice. It shall be filed with the Clerk, in the form required by Rule 21, no later than the date on which the respondent's or appellee's brief on the merits is due to be filed, and it shall be accompanied by proof of service as required by Rule 29.
Rule 7. Prohibition Against Practice No employee of this Court shall practice as an attorney or
counselor in any court or before any agency of government while employed by the Court; nor shall any person after leaving such employment participate in any professional capacity in any case pending before this Court or in any case being considered for filing in this Court, until two years have elapsed after separation; nor shall a former employee ever participate in any professional capacity in any case that was pending in this Court during the employee's tenure.
Rule 8. Disbarment and Disciplinary Action 1. Whenever a member of the Bar of this Court has been
disbarred or suspended from practice in any court of record, or has engaged in conduct unbecoming a member of the Bar of this Court, the Court will enter an order suspending that member from practice before this Court and affording the member an opportunity to show cause, within 40 days, why a disbarment order should not be entered. Upon response, or if no response is timely fied, the Court will enter an appropriate order.

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1203

2. After reasonable notice and an opportunity to show cause why disciplinary action should not be taken, and after
a hearing if material facts are in dispute, the Court may take any appropriate disciplinary action against any attorney who is admitted to practice before it for conduct unbecoming a member of the Bar or for failure to comply with these Rules
or any Rule or order of the Court.

Rule 9. Appearance of Counsel
1. An attorney seeking to fie a document in this Court in a representative capacity must first be admitted to prac-
tice before this Court as provided in Rule 5, except that admission to the Bar of this Court is not required for an attorney appointed under the Criminal Justice Act of 1964, see 18 U. S. C. §3006A(d)(6), or under any other applicable
federal statute. The attorney whose name, address, and telephone number appear on the cover of a document presented for filing is considered counsel of record, and a separate notice of appearance need not be filed. If the name of more than one attorney is shown on the cover of the document, the attorney who is counsel of record shall be clearly
identified.
2. An attorney representing a party who will not be filing a document shall enter a separate notice of appearance as counsel of record indicating the name of the party represented. A separate notice of appearance shall also be entered whenever an attorney is substituted as counsel of record in a particular case.

PART III. JURISDICTION ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI
Rule 10. Considerations Governing Review on Certiorari
Review on a writ of certiorari is not a matter of right, but of judicial discretion. A petition for a writ of certiorari will be granted only for compelling reasons. The following, although neither controlling nor fully measuring the Court's discretion, indicate the character of the reasons the Court considers:

1204

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

(a) a United States court of appeals has entered a
decision in conflict with the decision of another United States court of appeals on the same important matter; has decided an important federal question in a way that conflicts with a decision by a state court of last resort;
or has so far departed from the accepted and usual course of judicial proceedings, or sanctioned such a departure by a lower court, as to call for an exercise of
this Court's supervisory power;
(b) a state court of last resort has decided an important federal question in a way that conflicts with the decision of another state court of last resort or of a
United States court of appeals;
(c) a state court or a United States court of appeals has decided an important question of federal law that has not been, but should be, settled by this Court, or has decided an important federal question in a way that conflicts with relevant decisions of this Court.

A petition for a writ of certiorari is rarely granted when the asserted error consists of erroneous factual findings or the misapplication of a properly stated rule of law.

Rule 11. Certiorarito a United States Court of Appeals Before Judgment
A petition for a writ of certiorari to review a case pending in a United States court of appeals, before judgment is entered in that court, will be granted only upon a showing that the case is of such imperative public importance as to justify deviation from normal appellate practice and to require immediate determination in this Court. See 28 U. S. C.
§ 2101(e).

Rule 12. Review on Certiorari:How Sought; Parties
1. Except as provided in paragraph 2 of this Rule, the petitioner shall file 40 copies of a petition for a writ of certiorari, prepared as required by Rule 33.1, and shall pay the Rule 38(a) docket fee.

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1205

2. A petitioner proceeding in forma pauperis under Rule 39 shall file an original and 10 copies of a petition for a writ of certiorari prepared as required by Rule 33.2, together with an original and 10 copies of the motion for leave to proceed informapauperis. A copy of the motion shall precede and be attached to each copy of the petition. An inmate confined in an institution, if proceeding in forma pauperis and not represented by counsel, need file only an
original petition and motion. 3. Whether prepared under Rule 33.1 or Rule 33.2, the
petition shall comply in all respects with Rule 14 and shall be submitted with proof of service as required by Rule 29. The case then will be placed on the docket. It is the petitioner's duty to notify all respondents promptly, on a form
supplied by the Clerk, of the date of fling, the date the case was placed on the docket, and the docket number of the case. The notice shall be served as required by Rule 29.
4. Parties interested jointly, severally, or otherwise in a judgment may petition separately for a writ of certiorari; or any two or more may join in a petition. A party not shown on the petition as joined therein at the time the petition is fied may not later join in that petition. When two or more judgments are sought to be reviewed on a writ of certiorari to the same court and involve identical or closely related questions, a single petition for a writ of certiorari covering all the judgments suffices. A petition for a writ of certiorari may not be joined with any other pleading, except that any motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis shall be
attached.
5. No more than 30 days after a case has been placed on the docket, a respondent seeking to fie a conditional crosspetition (i. e., a cross-petition that otherwise would be untimely) shall ifie, with proof of service as required by Rule 29, 40 copies of the cross-petition prepared as required by
Rule 33.1, except that a cross-petitioner proceeding informa pauperis under Rule 39 shall comply with Rule 12.2. The cross-petition shall comply in all respects with this Rule and Rule 14, except that material already reproduced in the ap-

1206

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

pendix to the opening petition need not be reproduced again. A cross-petitioning respondent shall pay the Rule 38(a) docket fee or submit a motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis. The cover of the cross-petition shall indicate clearly that it is a conditional cross-petition. The crosspetition then will be placed on the docket, subject to the provisions of Rule 13.4. It is the cross-petitioner's duty to notify all cross-respondents promptly, on a form supplied by the Clerk, of the date of filing, the date the cross-petition was placed on the docket, and the docket number of the cross-petition. The notice shall be served as required by Rule 29. A cross-petition for a writ of certiorari may not be joined with any other pleading, except that any motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis shall be attached.
The time to file a cross-petition will not be extended. 6. All parties to the proceeding in the court whose judg-
ment is sought to be reviewed are deemed parties entitled to file documents in this Court, unless the petitioner notifies the Clerk of this Court in writing of the petitioner's belief that one or more of the parties below have no interest in the outcome of the petition. A copy of such notice shall be served as required by Rule 29 on all parties to the proceeding below. A party noted as no longer interested may remain a party by notifying the Clerk promptly, with service on the other parties, of an intention to remain a party. All parties other than the petitioner are considered respondents,
but any respondent who supports the position of a petitioner
shall meet the petitioner's time schedule for filing documents, except that a response supporting the petition shall be ified within 20 days after the case is placed on the docket, and that time will not be extended. Parties who file no document will not qualify for any relief from this Court.
7. The clerk of the court having possession of the record
shall keep it until notified by the Clerk of this Court to certify and transmit it. In any document fied with this Court,
a party may cite or quote from the record, even if it has not been transmitted to this Court. When requested by the
Clerk of this Court to certify and transmit the record, or any

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1207

part of it, the clerk of the court having possession of the record shall number the documents to be certified and shall transmit therewith a numbered list specifically identifying
each document transmitted. If the record, or stipulated portions, have been printed for the use of the court below, that printed record, plus the proceedings in the court below, may be certified as the record unless one of the parties or the Clerk of this Court requests otherwise. The record may consist of certified copies, but if the lower court is of the
view that original documents of any kind should be seen by this Court, that court may provide by order for the transport, safekeeping, and return of such originals.

Rule 13. Review on Certiorari: Time for Petitioning
1. Unless otherwise provided by law, a petition for a writ of certiorari to review a judgment in any case, civil or criminal, entered by a state court of last resort or a United States court of appeals (including the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces) is timely when it is ified with the Clerk of this Court within 90 days after entry of the judgment. A petition for a writ of certiorari seeking review of a judgment of a lower state court that is subject to discretionary review by the state court of last resort is timely when it is filed with the Clerk within 90 days after entry of the order denying discretionary review.
2. The Clerk will not file any petition for a writ of certiorari that is jurisdictionally out of time. See, e.g., 28
U. S. C. § 2101(c). 3. The time to fie a petition for a writ of certiorari runs
from the date of entry of the judgment or order sought to be reviewed, and not from the issuance date of the mandate (or its equivalent under local practice). But if a petition for rehearing is timely filed in the lower court by any party, the time to fie the petition for a writ of certiorari for all parties (whether or not they requested rehearing or joined in the petition for rehearing) runs from the date of the denial of the petition for rehearing or, if the petition for rehearing is granted, the subsequent entry of judgment. A suggestion

1208

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

made to a United States court of appeals for a rehearing en banc is not a petition for rehearing within the meaning of this Rule unless so treated by the United States court of appeals.
4. A cross-petition for a writ of certiorari is timely when it is filed with the Clerk as provided in paragraphs 1, 3, and 5 of this Rule, or in Rule 12.5. However, a conditional cross-petition (which except for Rule 12.5 would be untimely) will not be granted unless another party's timely petition for a writ of certiorari is granted.
5. For good cause, a Justice may extend the time to fie a petition for a writ of certiorari for a period not exceeding 60 days. An application to extend the time to file shall set out the basis for jurisdiction in this Court, identify the judgment sought to be reviewed, include a copy of the opinion and any
order respecting rehearing, and set out specific reasons why an extension of time is justified. The application must be received by the Clerk at least 10 days before the date the petition is due, except in extraordinary circumstances. For the time and manner of presenting the application, see Rules 21, 22, 30, and 33.2. An application to extend the time to file a petition for a writ of certiorari is not favored.

Rule 14. Content of a Petition for a Writ of Certiorari
1. A petition for a writ of certiorari shall contain, in the order indicated:
(a) The questions presented for review, expressed concisely in relation to the circumstances of the case, without unnecessary detail. The questions should be short and should not be argumentative or repetitive. If the petitioner or respondent is under a death sentence that may be affected by the disposition of the petition, the notation "capital case" shall precede the questions presented. The questions shall be set out on the first page following the cover, and no other information may appear on that page. The statement of any question presented is deemed to comprise every subsidiary question fairly included therein. Only the questions set out

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1209

in the petition, or fairly included therein, will be considered by the Court.
(b) A list of all parties to the proceeding in the court whose judgment is sought to be reviewed (unless the caption of the case contains the names of all the parties), and a list of parent companies and nonwholly owned subsidiaries as required by Rule 29.6.
(c) If the petition exceeds five pages, a table of contents and a table of cited authorities.
(d) Citations of the official and unofficial reports of the opinions and orders entered in the case by courts or administrative agencies.
(e) A concise statement of the basis for jurisdiction in this Court, showing:
(i) the date the judgment or order sought to be reviewed was entered (and, if applicable, a statement that the petition is filed under this Court's Rule 11);
(ii) the date of any order respecting rehearing, and the date and terms of any order granting an extension of time to file the petition for a writ of certiorari;
(iii) express reliance on Rule 12.5, when a crosspetition for a writ of certiorari is filed under that Rule, and the date of docketing of the petition for a writ of certiorari in connection with which the cross-petition is
filed; (iv) the statutory provision believed to confer on this
Court jurisdiction to review on a writ of certiorari the judgment or order in question; and
(v) if applicable, a statement that the notifications required by Rule 29.4(b) or (c)have been made.

(f) The constitutional provisions, treaties, statutes, ordinances, and regulations involved in the case, set out verbatim with appropriate citation. If the provisions involved are lengthy, their citation alone suffices at this point, and their pertinent text shall be set out in the appendix referred to in
subparagraph 1(i).

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT
(g) A concise statement of the case setting out the facts material to consideration of the questions presented, and also
containing the following:
(i) If review of a state-court judgment is sought, specification of the stage in the proceedings, both in the court of first instance and in the appellate courts, when the federal questions sought to be reviewed were raised; the method or manner of raising them and the way in which they were passed on by those courts; and pertinent quotations of specific portions of the record or summary thereof, with specific reference to the places in the record where the matter appears (e.g., court opinion, ruling on exception, portion of court's charge and exception thereto, assignment of error), so as to show that the federal question was timely and properly raised and that this Court has jurisdiction to review the judgment on a writ of certiorari. When the portions of the record relied on under this subparagraph are voluminous, they shall be included in the appendix referred to in subparagraph 1(i).
(ii) If review of a judgment of a United States court of appeals is sought, the basis for federal jurisdiction in the court of first instance.
(h) A direct and concise argument amplifying the reasons relied on for allowance of the writ. See Rule 10.
(i) An appendix containing, in the order indicated:
(i) the opinions, orders, findings of fact, and conclusions of law, whether written or orally given and transcribed, entered in conjunction with the judgment sought to be reviewed;
(ii) any other opinions, orders, findings of fact, and conclusions of law entered in the case by courts or administrative agencies, and, if reference thereto is necessary to ascertain the grounds of the judgment, of those in companion cases (each document shall include the caption showing the name of the issuing court or agency, the title and number of the case, and the date of entry);

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT
(iii) any order on rehearing, including the caption showing the name of the issuing court, the title and number of the case, and the date of entry;
(iv) the judgment sought to be reviewed if the date of its entry is different from the date of the opinion or order required in sub-subparagraph (i) of this subparagraph;
(v) material required by subparagraphs 1(f) or 1(g)(i); and
(vi) any other material the petitioner believes essential to understand the petition.
If the material required by this subparagraph is voluminous, it may be presented in a separate volume or volumes with appropriate covers.
2. All contentions in support of a petition for a writ of certiorari shall be set out in the body of the petition, as provided in subparagraph 1(h) of this Rule. No separate brief in support of a petition for a writ of certiorari may be filed, and the Clerk will not fie any petition for a writ of certiorari to which any supporting brief is annexed or appended.
3. A petition for a writ of certiorari should be stated briefly and in plain terms and may not exceed the page limitations specified in Rule 33.
4. The failure of a petitioner to present with accuracy, brevity, and clarity whatever is essential to ready and adequate understanding of the points requiring consideration is sufficient reason for the Court to deny a petition.
5. If the Clerk determines that a petition submitted timely and in good faith is in a form that does not comply with this Rule or with Rule 33 or Rule 34, the Clerk will return it with a letter indicating the deficiency. A corrected petition received no more than 60 days after the date of the Clerk's letter will be deemed timely.
Rule 15. Briefs in Opposition; Reply Briefs; Supplemental Briefs
1. A brief in opposition to a petition for a writ of certiorari may be filed by the respondent in any case, but is not man-

1212

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

datory except in a capital case, see Rule 14.1(a), or when
ordered by the Court. 2. A brief in opposition should be stated briefly and in
plain terms and may not exceed the page limitations specified in Rule 33. In addition to presenting other arguments for denying the petition, the brief in opposition should address any perceived misstatement of fact or law in the petition that bears on what issues properly would be before the Court if certiorari were granted. Counsel are admonished that they have an obligation to the Court to point out in the brief in opposition, and not later, any perceived misstatement made in the petition. Any objection to consideration of a question presented based on what occurred in the proceedings below, if the objection does not go to jurisdiction, may be deemed waived unless called to the Court's attention in
the brief in opposition. 3. Any brief in opposition shall be filed within 30 days
after the case is placed on the docket, unless the time is ex-
tended by the Court or a Justice, or by the Clerk under Rule 30.4. Forty copies shall be ified, except that a respondent proceeding in forma pauperis under Rule 39, including an inmate of an institution, shall file the number of copies required for a petition by such a person under Rule 12.2, together with a motion for leave to proceed informapauperis, a copy of which shall precede and be attached to each copy
of the brief in opposition. If the petitioner is proceeding in forma pauperis,the respondent may file an original and 10 copies of a brief in opposition prepared as required by Rule 33.2. Whether prepared under Rule 33.1 or Rule 33.2, the brief in opposition shall comply with the requirements of Rule 24 governing a respondent's brief, except that no summary of the argument is required. A brief in opposition may not be joined with any other pleading, except that any motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis shall be attached. The brief in opposition shall be served as required by Rule 29.

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT
4. No motion by a respondent to dismiss a petition for a writ of certiorari may be filed. Any objections to the jurisdiction of the Court to grant a petition for a writ of certiorari shall be included in the brief in opposition.
5. The Clerk will distribute the petition to the Court for its consideration upon receiving an express waiver of the right to fie a brief in opposition, or, if no waiver or brief in opposition is filed, upon the expiration of the time allowed for fling. If a brief in opposition is timely fied, the Clerk will distribute the petition, brief in opposition, and any reply brief to the Court for its consideration no less than 10 days after the brief in opposition is filed.
6. Any petitioner may fie a reply brief addressed to new points raised in the brief in opposition, but distribution and consideration by the Court under paragraph 5 of this Rule will not be deferred pending its receipt. Forty copies shall be filed, except that petitioner proceeding informa pauperis under Rule 39, including an inmate of an institution, shall file the number of copies required for a petition by such a person under Rule 12.2. The reply brief shall be served as required
by Rule 29. 7. If a cross-petition for a writ of certiorari has been dock-
eted, distribution of both petitions will be deferred until the cross-petition is due for distribution under this Rule.
8. Any party may file a supplemental brief at any time while a petition for a writ of certiorari is pending, calling attention to new cases, new legislation, or other intervening matter not available at the time of the party's last fling. A supplemental brief shall be restricted to new matter and shall follow, insofar as applicable, the form for a brief in opposition prescribed by this Rule. Forty copies shall be filed, except that a party proceeding in forma pauperis under Rule 39, including an inmate of an institution, shall file the number of copies required for a petition by such a person under Rule 12.2. The supplemental brief shall be served as
required by Rule 29.

1214

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

Rule 16. Disposition of a Petition for a Writ of Certiorari
1. After considering the documents distributed under Rule 15, the Court will enter an appropriate order. The order may be a summary disposition on the merits.
2. Whenever the Court grants a petition for a writ of certiorari, the Clerk will prepare, sign, and enter an order to that effect and will notify forthwith counsel of record and the court whose judgment is to be reviewed. The case then will be scheduled for briefing and oral argument. If the record has not previously been filed in this Court, the Clerk will request the clerk of the court having possession of the record to certify and transmit it. A formal writ will not issue unless specially directed.
3. Whenever the Court denies a petition for a writ of certiorari, the Clerk will prepare, sign, and enter an order to that effect and will notify forthwith counsel of record and the court whose judgment was sought to be reviewed. The order of denial will not be suspended pending disposition of a petition for rehearing except by order of the Court or a Justice.

PART IV. OTHER JURISDICTION
Rule 17. Procedure in an Original Action
1. This Rule applies only to an action invoking the Court's original jurisdiction under Article III of the Constitution of the United States. See also 28 U. S. C. § 1251 and U. S. Const., Amdt. 11. A petition for an extraordinary writ in aid of the Court's appellate jurisdiction shall be fied as provided in Rule 20.
2. The form of pleadings and motions prescribed by the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure is followed. In other respects, those Rules and the Federal Rules of Evidence may be taken as guides.
3. The initial pleading shall be preceded by a motion for leave to file, and may be accompanied by a brief in support of the motion. Forty copies of each document shall be filed,

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1215

with proof of service. Service shall be as required by Rule 29, except that when an adverse party is a State, service shall be made on both the Governor and the Attorney Gen-
eral of that State. 4. The case will be placed on the docket when the motion
for leave to fie and the initial pleading are filed with the Clerk. The Rule 38(a) docket fee shall be paid at that time.
5. No more than 60 days after receiving the motion for leave to file and the initial pleading, an adverse party shall file 40 copies of any brief in opposition to the motion, with proof of service as required by Rule 29. The Clerk will distribute the filed documents to the Court for its consideration upon receiving an express waiver of the right to file a brief in opposition, or, if no waiver or brief is filed, upon the expiration of the time allowed for fling. If a brief in opposition is timely filed, the Clerk will distribute the fied documents to the Court for its consideration no less than 10 days after the brief in opposition is filed. A reply brief may be filed, but consideration of the case will not be deferred pending its receipt. The Court thereafter may grant or deny the motion, set it for oral argument, direct that additional documents be filed, or require that other proceedings be
conducted. 6. A summons issued out of this Court shall be served
on the defendant 60 days before the return day specified therein. If the defendant does not respond by the return day, the plaintiff may proceed ex parte.
7. Process against a State issued out of this Court shall be served on both the Governor and the Attorney General of
that State.

Rule 18. Appeal from a United States District Court
1. When a direct appeal from a decision of a United States district court is authorized by law, the appeal is commenced by filing a notice of appeal with the clerk of the district court within the time provided by law after entry of the judgment sought to be reviewed. The time to file may not be extended. The notice of appeal shall specify the parties taking

1216

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

the appeal, designate the judgment, or part thereof, appealed from and the date of its entry, and specify the statute or statutes under which the appeal is taken. A copy of the notice of appeal shall be served on all parties to the proceeding as required by Rule 29, and proof of service shall be fied in the district court together with the notice of appeal.
2. All parties to the proceeding in the district court are deemed parties entitled to file documents in this Court, but a party having no interest in the outcome of the appeal may so notify the Clerk of this Court and shall serve a copy of the notice on all other parties. Parties interested jointly, severally, or otherwise in the judgment may appeal separately, or any two or more may join in an appeal. When two or more judgments involving identical or closely related questions are sought to be reviewed on appeal from the same court, a notice of appeal for each judgment shall be filed with the clerk of the district court, but a single jurisdictional statement covering all the judgments suffices. Parties who file no document will not qualify for any relief from this Court.
3. No more than 60 days after filing the notice of appeal in the district court, the appellant shall file 40 copies of a jurisdictional statement and shall pay the Rule 38 docket fee, except that an appellant proceeding in forma pauperis under Rule 39, including an inmate of an institution, shall file the number of copies required for a petition by such a person under Rule 12.2, together with a motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis, a copy of which shall precede and be attached to each copy of the jurisdictional statement. The jurisdictional statement shall follow, insofar as applicable, the form for a petition for a writ of certiorari prescribed by
Rule 14, and shall be served as required by Rule 29. The appendix shall include a copy of the notice of appeal showing the date it was fied in the district court. For good cause, a Justice may extend the time to file a jurisdictional statement for a period not exceeding 60 days. An application to extend the time to fie a jurisdictional statement shall set out the basis for jurisdiction in this Court; identify the judgment

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1217

sought to be reviewed; include a copy of the opinion, any order respecting rehearing, and the notice of appeal; and set out specific reasons why an extension of time is justified. For the time and manner of presenting the application, see Rules 21, 22, and 30. An application to extend the time to
file a jurisdictional statement is not favored. 4. No more than 30 days after a case has been placed on
the docket, an appellee seeking to file a conditional crossappeal (i. e., a cross-appeal that otherwise would be untimely) shall file, with proof of service as required by Rule 29, a jurisdictional statement that complies in all respects (including number of copies filed) with paragraph 3 of this Rule, except that material already reproduced in the appendix to the opening jurisdictional statement need not be reproduced again. A cross-appealing appellee shall pay the Rule 38 docket fee or submit a motion for leave to proceed informapauperis. The cover of the cross-appeal shall indicate clearly that it is a conditional cross-appeal. The crossappeal then will be placed on the docket. It is the crossappellant's duty to notify all cross-appellees promptly, on a form supplied by the Clerk, of the date of filing, the date the cross-appeal was placed on the docket, and the docket number of the cross-appeal. The notice shall be served as required by Rule 29. A cross-appeal may not be joined with any other pleading, except that any motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis shall be attached. The time to file
a cross-appeal will not be extended. 5. After a notice of appeal has been filed in the district
court, but before the case is placed on this Court's docket, the parties may dismiss the appeal by stipulation filed in the district court, or the district court may dismiss the appeal on the appellant's motion, with notice to all parties. If a notice of appeal has been filed, but the case has not been placed on this Court's docket within the time prescribed for docketing, the district court may dismiss the appeal on the appellee's motion, with notice to all parties, and may make any just order with respect to costs. If the district court has denied the appellee's motion to dismiss the appeal, the

1218

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

appellee may move this Court to docket and dismiss the appeal by filing an original and 10 copies of a motion presented in conformity with Rules 21 and 33.2. The motion shall be accompanied by proof of service as required by Rule 29, and by a certificate from the clerk of the district court, certifying that a notice of appeal was filed and that the appellee's motion to dismiss was denied. The appellant may not thereafter ifie a jurisdictional statement without special leave of the Court, and the Court may allow costs against the appellant.
6. Within 30 days after the case is placed on this Court's docket, the appellee may file a motion to dismiss, to affirm, or in the alternative to affirm or dismiss. Forty copies of the motion shall be filed, except that an appellee proceeding in forma pauperis under Rule 39, including an inmate of an institution, shall file the number of copies required for a petition by such a person under Rule 12.2, together with a motion for leave to proceed informapauperis,a copy of which shall precede and be attached to each copy of the motion to dismiss, to affirm, or in the alternative to affirm or dismiss. The motion shall follow, insofar as applicable, the form for a brief in opposition prescribed by Rule 15, and shall comply in all respects with Rule 21.
7. The Clerk will distribute the jurisdictional statement to the Court for its consideration upon receiving an express waiver of the right to file a motion to dismiss or to affirm or, if no waiver or motion is filed, upon the expiration of the
time allowed for filing. If a motion to dismiss or to affirm is timely filed, the Clerk will distribute the jurisdictional statement, motion, and any brief opposing the motion to the Court for its consideration no less than 10 days after the motion is filed.
8. Any appellant may fie a brief opposing a motion to dismiss or to affirm, but distribution and consideration by the Court under paragraph 7 of this Rule will not be deferred pending its receipt. Forty copies shall be filed, except that an appellant proceeding in forma pauperis under Rule 39, including an inmate of an institution, shall file the number of

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1219

copies required for a petition by such a person under Rule 12.2. The brief shall be served as required by Rule 29.
9. If a cross-appeal has been docketed, distribution of both jurisdictional statements will be deferred until the crossappeal is due for distribution under this Rule.
10. Any party may file a supplemental brief at any time
while a jurisdictional statement is pending, calling attention to new cases, new legislation, or other intervening matter not available at the time of the party's last filing. A supplemental brief shall be restricted to new matter and shall follow, insofar as applicable, the form for a brief in opposition prescribed by Rule 15. Forty copies shall be filed, except that a party proceeding in forma pauperis under Rule 39, including an inmate of an institution, shall file the number of copies required for a petition by such a person under Rule 12.2. The supplemental brief shall be served as required by
Rule 29.
11. The clerk of the district court shall retain possession of the record until notified by the Clerk of this Court to cer-
tify and transmit it. See Rule 12.7. 12. After considering the documents distributed under
this Rule, the Court may dispose summarily of the appeal on the merits, note probable jurisdiction, or postpone consideration of jurisdiction until a hearing of the case on the merits. If not disposed of summarily, the case stands for briefing and oral argument on the merits. If consideration of jurisdiction is postponed, counsel, at the outset of their briefs and at oral argument, shall address the question of jurisdiction. If the
record has not previously been filed in this Court, the Clerk of this Court will request the clerk of the court in possession of the record to certify and transmit it.
13. If the Clerk determines that a jurisdictional statement
submitted timely and in good faith is in a form that does not comply with this Rule or with Rule 33 or Rule 34, the Clerk will return it with a letter indicating the deficiency. If a corrected jurisdictional statement is received no more than 60 days after the date of the Clerk's letter, its fling will be
deemed timely.

1220

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

Rule 19. Procedure on a Certified Question
1. A United States court of appeals may certify to this Court a question or proposition of law on which it seeks instruction for the proper decision of a case. The certificate shall contain a statement of the nature of the case and the facts on which the question or proposition of law arises. Only questions or propositions of law may be certified, and they shall be stated separately and with precision. The certificate shall be prepared as required by Rule 33.2 and shall be signed by the clerk of the court of appeals.
2. When a question is certified by a United States court of appeals, this Court, on its own motion or that of a party, may consider and decide the entire matter in controversy. See 28 U. S. C. § 1254(2).
3. When a question is certified, the Clerk will notify the parties and docket the case. Counsel shall then enter their appearances. After docketing, the Clerk will submit the certificate to the Court for a preliminary examination to determine whether the case should be briefed, set for argument, or dismissed. No brief may be filed until the preliminary examination of the certificate is completed.
4. If the Court orders the case briefed or set for argument, the parties will be notified and permitted to file briefs. The Clerk of this Court then will request the clerk of the court in possession of the record to certify and transmit it. Any portion of the record to which the parties wish to direct the Court's particular attention should be printed in a joint appendix, prepared in conformity with Rule 26 by the appellant or petitioner in the court of appeals, but the fact that any part of the record has not been printed does not prevent the parties or the Court from relying on it.
5. A brief on the merits in a case involving a certified question shall comply with Rules 24, 25, and 33.1, except that the brief for the party who is the appellant or petitioner below shall be filed within 45 days of the order requiring briefs or setting the case for argument.

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT
Rule 20. Procedure on a Petition for an Extraordinary
Writ
1. Issuance by the Court of an extraordinary writ authorized by 28 U. S. C. § 1651(a) is not a matter of right, but of discretion sparingly exercised. To justify the granting of any such writ, the petition must show that the writ will be in aid of the Court's appellate jurisdiction, that exceptional circumstances warrant the exercise of the Court's discretionary powers, and that adequate relief cannot be obtained in any other form or from any other court.
2. A petition seeking a writ authorized by 28 U. S. C. §1651(a), §2241, or §2254(a) shall be prepared in all respects as required by Rules 33 and 34. The petition shall be captioned "In re [name of petitioner]" and shall follow, insofar as applicable, the form of a petition for a writ of certiorari prescribed by Rule 14. All contentions in support of the petition shall be included in the petition. The case will be placed on the docket when 40 copies of the petition are filed with the Clerk and the docket fee is paid, except that a petitioner proceeding in forma pauperisunder Rule 39, including an inmate of an institution, shall fie the number of copies required for a petition by such a person under Rule 12.2, together with a motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis, a copy of which shall precede and be attached to each copy of the petition. The petition shall be served as required by Rule 29 (subject to subparagraph 4(b) of this Rule).
3. (a) A petition seeking a writ of prohibition, a writ of mandamus, or both in the alternative shall state the name and office or function of every person against whom relief is sought and shall set out with particularity why the relief sought is not available in any other court. A copy of the judgment with respect to which the writ is sought, including any related opinion, shall be appended to the petition together with any other document essential to understanding
the petition. (b) The petition shall be served on every party to the pro-
ceeding with respect to which relief is sought. Within 30 days after the petition is placed on the docket, a party shall

1222

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

file 40 copies of any brief or briefs in opposition thereto, which shall comply fully with Rule 15. If a party named as a respondent does not wish to respond to the petition, that party may so advise the Clerk and all other parties by letter. All persons served are deemed respondents for all purposes in the proceedings in this Court.
4. (a) A petition seeking a writ of habeas corpus shall comply with the requirements of 28 U. S. C. §§ 2241 and 2242, and in particular with the provision in the last paragraph of §2242, which requires a statement of the "reasons for not making application to the district court of the district in which the applicant is held." If the relief sought is from the judgment of a state court, the petition shall set out specifically how and where the petitioner has exhausted available remedies in the state courts or otherwise comes within the provisions of 28 U. S. C. §2254(b). To justify the granting of a writ of habeas corpus, the petitioner must show that exceptional circumstances warrant the exercise of the Court's discretionary powers, and that adequate relief cannot be obtained in any other form or from any other court. This writ is rarely granted.
(b) Habeas corpus proceedings are ex parte, unless the Court requires the respondent to show cause why the petition for a writ of habeas corpus should not be granted. A response, if ordered, shall comply fully with Rule 15. Neither the denial of the petition, without more, nor an order of transfer to a district court under the authority of 28 U. S. C. § 2241(b), is an adjudication on the merits, and therefore does not preclude further application to another court for the relief sought.
5. The Clerk will distribute the documents to the Court for its consideration when a brief in opposition under subparagraph 3(b) of this Rule has been filed, when a response under subparagraph 4(b) has been ordered and filed, when the time to file has expired, or when the right to file has been expressly waived.
6. If the Court orders the case set for argument, the Clerk
will notify the parties whether additional briefs are required,

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1223

when they shall be filed, and, if the case involves a petition for a common-law writ of certiorari, that the parties shall prepare a joint appendix in accordance with Rule 26.

PART V. MOTIONS AND APPLICATIONS
Rule 21. Motions to the Court
1. Every motion to the Court shall clearly state its purpose and the facts on which it is based and may present legal argument in support thereof. No separate brief may be fied. A motion should be concise and shall comply with any applicable page limits. Rule 22 governs an application addressed to a single Justice.
2. (a) A motion in any action within the Court's original jurisdiction shall comply with Rule 17.3.
(b) A motion to dismiss as moot (or a suggestion of mootness), a motion for leave to fie a brief as amicus curiae,and any motion the granting of which would dispose of the entire case or would affect the final judgment to be entered (other than a motion to docket and dismiss under Rule 18.5 or a motion for voluntary dismissal under Rule 46) shall be prepared as required by Rule 33.1, and 40 copies shall be fied, except that a movant proceeding in forma pauperis under Rule 39, including an inmate of an institution, shall file a motion prepared as required by Rule 33.2, and shall file the number of copies required for a petition by such a person under Rule 12.2. The motion shall be served as required by Rule 29.
(c) Any other motion to the Court shall be prepared as required by Rule 33.2; the moving party shall fie an original and 10 copies. The Court subsequently may order the moving party to prepare the motion as required by Rule 33.1; in that event, the party shall fie 40 copies.
3. A motion to the Court shall be filed with the Clerk and shall be accompanied by proof of service as required by Rule 29. No motion may be presented in open Court, other than a motion for admission to the Bar, except when the proceeding to which it refers is being argued. Oral argu-

1224

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

ment on a motion will not be permitted unless the Court so directs.
4. Any response to a motion shall be filed as promptly as possible considering the nature of the relief sought and any asserted need for emergency action, and, in any event, within 10 days of receipt, unless the Court or a Justice, or the Clerk under Rule 30.4, orders otherwise. A response to a motion prepared as required by Rule 33.1 shall be prepared in the same manner if time permits. In an appropriate case, the Court may act on a motion without waiting for a
response.

Rule 22. Applications to Individual Justices
1. An application addressed to an individual Justice shall be filed with the Clerk, who will transmit it promptly to the Justice concerned if an individual Justice has authority to grant the sought relief.
2. The original and two copies of any application addressed to an individual Justice shall be prepared as required by Rule 33.2, and shall be accompanied by proof of service as required by Rule 29.
3. An application shall be addressed to the Justice allotted to the Circuit from which the case arises. When the Circuit Justice is unavailable for any reason, the application addressed to that Justice will be distributed to the Justice then available who is next junior to the Circuit Justice; the turn of the Chief Justice follows that of the most junior Justice.
4. A Justice denying an application will note the denial thereon. Thereafter, unless action thereon is restricted by law to the Circuit Justice or is untimely under Rule 30.2, the party making an application, except in the case of an application for an extension of time, may renew it to any other Justice, subject to the provisions of this Rule. Except when the denial is without prejudice, a renewed application is not favored. Renewed application is made by a letter to the Clerk, designating the Justice to whom the application is

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1225

to be directed, and accompanied by 10 copies of the original application and proof of service as required by Rule 29.
5. A Justice to whom an application for a stay or for bail is submitted may refer it to the Court for determination.
6. The Clerk will advise all parties concerned, by appropriately speedy means, of the disposition made of an
application.

Rule 23. Stays
1. A stay may be granted by a Justice as permitted by law. 2. A party to a judgment sought to be reviewed may present to a Justice an application to stay the enforcement of that judgment. See 28 U. S. C. § 2101(f). 3. An application for a stay shall set out with particularity why the relief sought is not available from any other court or judge. Except in the most extraordinary circumstances, an application for a stay will not be entertained unless the relief requested was first sought in the appropriate court or courts below or from a judge or judges thereof. An application for a stay shall identify the judgment sought to be reviewed and have appended thereto a copy of the order and opinion, if any, and a copy of the order, if any, of the court or judge below denying the relief sought, and shall set out specific reasons why a stay is justified. The form and content of an application for a stay are governed by Rules 22 and 33.2.
4. A judge, court, or Justice granting an application for a stay pending review by this Court may condition the stay on the filing of a supersedeas bond having an approved surety or sureties. The bond will be conditioned on the satisfaction of the judgment in full, together with any costs, interest, and damages for delay that may be awarded. If a part of the judgment sought to be reviewed has already been satisfied, or is otherwise secured, the bond may be conditioned on the satisfaction of the part of the judgment not otherwise secured or satisfied, together with costs, interest, and damages.

1226

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

PART VI. BRIEFS ON THE MERITS AND ORAL ARGUMENT

Rule 24. Briefs on the Merits: In General
1. A brief on the merits for a petitioner or an appellant shall comply in all respects with Rules 33.1 and 34 and shall contain in the order here indicated:
(a) The questions presented for review under Rule 14.1(a). The questions shall be set out on the first page following the cover, and no other information may appear on that page. The phrasing of the questions presented need not be identical with that in the petition for a writ of certiorari or the jurisdictional statement, but the brief may not raise additional questions or change the substance of the questions already presented in those documents. At its option, however, the Court may consider a plain error not among the questions presented but evident from the record and otherwise within its jurisdiction to decide.
(b) A list of all parties to the proceeding in the court whose judgment is under review (unless the caption of the case in this Court contains the names of all parties). Any amended list of parent companies and nonwholly owned subsidiaries as required by Rule 29.6 shall be placed here.
(c) If the brief exceeds five pages, a table of contents and a table of cited authorities.
(d) Citations of the official and unofficial reports of the opinions and orders entered in the case by courts and administrative agencies.
(e) A concise statement of the basis for jurisdiction in this Court, including the statutory provisions and time factors on which jurisdiction rests.
(f) The constitutional provisions, treaties, statutes, ordinances, and regulations involved in the case, set out verbatim with appropriate citation. If the provisions involved are lengthy, their citation alone suffices at this point, and their pertinent text, if not already set out in the petition for a writ of certiorari, jurisdictional statement, or an appendix to either document, shall be set out in an appendix to the brief.

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1227

(g) A concise statement of the case, setting out the facts material to the consideration of the questions presented, with appropriate references to the joint appendix, e. g., App. 12, or to the record, e. g., Record 12.
(h) A summary of the argument, suitably paragraphed. The summary should be a clear and concise condensation of the argument made in the body of the brief; mere repetition of the headings under which the argument is arranged is not sufficient.
(i) The argument, exhibiting clearly the points of fact and of law presented and citing the authorities and statutes relied on.
(j) A conclusion specifying with particularity the relief the party seeks.
2. A brief on the merits for a respondent or an appellee shall conform to the foregoing requirements, except that items required by subparagraphs 1(a), (b), (d), (e), (f), and (g) of this Rule need not be included unless the respondent or appellee is dissatisfied with their presentation by the opposing party.
3. A brief on the merits may not exceed the page limitations specified in Rule 33.1(g). An appendix to a brief may include only relevant material, and counsel are cautioned not to include in an appendix arguments or citations that properly belong in the body of the brief.
4. A reply brief shall conform to those portions of this Rule applicable to the brief for a respondent or an appellee, but, if appropriately divided by topical headings, need not contain a summary of the argument.
5. A reference to the joint appendix or to the record set out in any brief shall indicate the appropriate page number. If the reference is to an exhibit, the page numbers at which the exhibit appears, at which it was offered in evidence, and at which it was ruled on by the judge shall be indicated, e. g., P1. Exh. 14, Record 199, 2134.
6. A brief shall be concise, logically arranged with proper headings, and free of irrelevant, immaterial, or scandalous

1228

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

matter. The Court may disregard or strike a brief that does not comply with this paragraph.

Rule 25. Briefs on the Merits: Number of Copies and
Time to File
1. The petitioner or appellant shall fie 40 copies of the brief on the merits within 45 days of the order granting the writ of certiorari, noting probable jurisdiction, or postponing
consideration of jurisdiction. 2. The respondent or appellee shall fie 40 copies of the
brief on the merits within 30 days after receiving the brief
for the petitioner or appellant. 3. The petitioner or appellant shall fie 40 copies of the
reply brief, if any, within 30 days after receiving the brief for the respondent or appellee, but any reply brief must actually be received by the Clerk no more than one week before
the date of oral argument. 4. The time periods stated in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this
Rule may be extended as provided in Rule 30. An application to extend the time to fie a brief on the merits is not favored. If a case is advanced for hearing, the time to ifie briefs on the merits may be abridged as circumstances require pursuant to an order of the Court on its own motion or
that of a party.
5. A party wishing to present late authorities, newly enacted legislation, or other intervening matter that was not available in time to be included in a brief may fie 40 copies of a supplemental brief, restricted to such new matter and otherwise presented in conformity with these Rules, up to the time the case is called for oral argument or by leave of
the Court thereafter. 6. After a case has been argued or submitted, the Clerk
will not fie any brief, except that of a party filed by leave of
the Court.
7. The Clerk will not file any brief that is not accompanied by proof of service as required by Rule 29.

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1229

Rule 26. Joint Appendix
1. Unless the Clerk has allowed the parties to use the deferred method described in paragraph 4 of this Rule, the petitioner or appellant, within 45 days after entry of the order granting the writ of certiorari, noting probable jurisdiction, or postponing consideration of jurisdiction, shall file 40 copies of a joint appendix, prepared as required by Rule 33.1. The joint appendix shall contain: (1) the relevant docket entries in all the courts below; (2) any relevant pleadings, jury instructions, findings, conclusions, or opinions; (3) the judgment, order, or decision under review; and (4) any other parts of the record that the parties particularly wish to bring to the Court's attention. Any of the foregoing items already reproduced in a petition for a writ of certiorari, jurisdictional statement, brief in opposition to a petition for a writ of certiorari, motion to dismiss or affirm, or any appendix to the foregoing, that was prepared as required by Rule 33.1, need not be reproduced again in the joint appendix. The petitioner or appellant shall serve three copies of the joint appendix on each of the other parties to the proceeding as required by Rule 29.
2. The parties are encouraged to agree on the contents of the joint appendix. In the absence of agreement, the petitioner or appellant, within 10 days after entry of the order granting the writ of certiorari, noting probable jurisdiction, or postponing consideration of jurisdiction, shall serve on the respondent or appellee a designation of parts of the record to be included in the joint appendix. Within 10 days after receiving the designation, a respondent or appellee who considers the parts of the record so designated insufficient shall serve on the petitioner or appellant a designation of additional parts to be included in the joint appendix, and the petitioner or appellant shall include the parts so designated. If the Court has permitted the respondent or appellee to proceed informapauperis,the petitioner or appellant may seek by motion to be excused from printing portions of the record the petitioner or appellant considers unnecessary. In

1230

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

making these designations, counsel should include only those materials the Court should examine; unnecessary designations should be avoided. The record is on file with the Clerk and available to the Justices, and counsel may refer in briefs and in oral argument to relevant portions of the record not included in the joint appendix.
3. When the joint appendix is filed, the petitioner or appellant immediately shall file with the Clerk a statement of the cost of printing 50 copies and shall serve a copy of the statement on each of the other parties as required by Rule 29. Unless the parties agree otherwise, the cost of producing the joint appendix shall be paid initially by the petitioner or appellant; but a petitioner or appellant who considers that parts of the record designated by the respondent or appellee are unnecessary for the determination of the issues presented may so advise the respondent or appellee, who then shall advance the cost of printing the additional parts, unless the Court or a Justice otherwise fixes the initial allocation of the costs. The cost of printing the joint appendix is taxed as a cost in the case, but if a party unnecessarily causes matter to be included in the joint appendix or prints excessive copies, the Court may impose these costs on that party.
4. (a) On the parties' request, the Clerk may allow preparation of the joint appendix to be deferred until after the briefs have been filed. In that event, the petitioner or appellant shall fie the joint appendix no more than 14 days after receiving the brief for the respondent or appellee. The provisions of paragraphs 1, 2, and 3 of this Rule shall be followed, except that the designations referred to therein shall be made by each party when that party's brief is served. Deferral of the joint appendix is not favored.
(b) If the deferred method is used, the briefs on the merits may refer to the pages of the record. In that event, the joint appendix shall include in brackets on each page thereof the page number of the record where that material may be found. A party wishing to refer directly to the pages of the joint appendix may serve and fie copies of its brief prepared as required by Rule 33.2 within the time provided by Rule

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1231

25, with appropriate references to the pages of the record. In that event, within 10 days after the joint appendix is filed, copies of the brief prepared as required by Rule 33.1 containing references to the pages of the joint appendix in place of, or in addition to, the initial references to the pages of the record, shall be served and filed. No other change may be
made in the brief as initially served and filed, except that typographical errors may be corrected.
5. The joint appendix shall be prefaced by a table of contents showing the parts of the record that it contains, in the order in which the parts are set out, with references to the pages of the joint appendix at which each part begins. The relevant docket entries shall be set out after the table of contents, followed by the other parts of the record in chronological order. When testimony contained in the reporter's transcript of proceedings is set out in the joint appendix, the page of the transcript at which the testimony appears shall be indicated in brackets immediately before the statement that is set out. Omissions in the transcript or in any other
document printed in the joint appendix shall be indicated by asterisks. Immaterial formal matters (e.g., captions, subscriptions, acknowledgments) shall be omitted. A question and its answer may be contained in a single paragraph.
6. Exhibits designated for inclusion in the joint appendix may be contained in a separate volume or volumes suitably indexed. The transcript of a proceeding before an adminis-
trative agency, board, commission, or officer used in an action in a district court or court of appeals is regarded as an exhibit for the purposes of this paragraph.
7. The Court, on its own motion or that of a party, may dispense with the requirement of a joint appendix and may permit a case to be heard on the original record (with such copies of the record, or relevant parts thereof, as the Court may require) or on the appendix used in the court below, if it conforms to the requirements of this Rule.
8. For good cause, the time limits specified in this Rule may be shortened or extended by the Court or a Justice, or by the Clerk under Rule 30.4.

1232

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

Rule 27. Calendar
1. From time to time, the Clerk will prepare a calendar of cases ready for argument. A case ordinarily will not be called for argument less than two weeks after the brief on the merits for the respondent or appellee is due.
2. The Clerk will advise counsel when they are required to appear for oral argument and will publish a hearing list in advance of each argument session for the convenience of counsel and the information of the public.
3. The Court, on its own motion or that of a party, may order that two or more cases involving the same or related questions be argued together as one case or on such other terms as the Court may prescribe.

Rule 28. Oral Argument
1. Oral argument should emphasize and clarify the written arguments in the briefs on the merits. Counsel should assume that all Justices have read the briefs before oral argument. Oral argument read from a prepared text is not
favored. 2. The petitioner or appellant shall open and may conclude
the argument. A cross-writ of certiorari or cross-appeal will be argued with the initial writ of certiorari or appeal as one case in the time allowed for that one case, and the Court will advise the parties who shall open and close.
3. Unless the Court directs otherwise, each side is allowed one-half hour for argument. Counsel is not required to use all the allotted time. Any request for additional time to argue shall be presented by motion under Rule 21 no more than 15 days after the petitioner's or appellant's brief on the merits is filed, and shall set out specifically and concisely why the case cannot be presented within the half-hour limitation. Additional time is rarely accorded.
4. Only one attorney will be heard for each side, except by leave of the Court on motion filed no more than 15 days after the respondents or appellee's brief on the merits is fied. Any request for divided argument shall be presented by motion under Rule 21 and shall set out specifically and concisely

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1233

why more than one attorney should be allowed to argue. Divided argument is not favored.
5. Regardless of the number of counsel participating in oral argument, counsel making the opening argument shall present the case fairly and completely and not reserve points of substance for rebuttal.
6. Oral argument will not be allowed on behalf of any party for whom a brief has not been filed.
7. By leave of the Court, and subject to paragraph 4 of this Rule, counsel for an amicus curiaewhose brief has been ified as provided in Rule 37 may argue orally on the side of a party, with the consent of that party. In the absence of consent, counsel for an amicus curiae may seek leave of the Court to argue orally by a motion setting out specifically and concisely why oral argument would provide assistance to the Court not otherwise available. Such a motion will be granted only in the most extraordinary circumstances.

PART VII. PRACTICE AND PROCEDURE
Rule 29. Filing and Service of Documents; Special Notifications; Corporate Listing
1. Any document required or permitted to be presented to the Court or to a Justice shall be fied with the Clerk.
2. A document is timely filed if it is sent to the Clerk through the United States Postal Service by first-class mail (including express or priority mail), postage prepaid, and bears a postmark showing that the document was mailed on or before the last day for filing. Commercial postage meter labels alone are not acceptable. If submitted by an inmate confined in an institution, a document is timely filed if it is deposited in the institution's internal mail system on or before the last day for fling and is accompanied by a notarized statement or declaration in compliance with 28 U. S. C. § 1746 setting out the date of deposit and stating that first-class postage has been prepaid. If the postmark is missing or not legible, the Clerk will require the person who mailed the document to submit a notarized statement or declaration in

1234

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

compliance with 28 U. S. C. § 1746 setting out the details of the mailing and stating that the mailing took place on a particular date within the permitted time. A document also is timely filed if it is forwarded through a private delivery or courier service and is actually received by the Clerk within
the time permitted for filing. 3. Any document required by these Rules to be served
may be served personally or by mail on each party to the proceeding at or before the time of filing. If the document has been prepared as required by Rule 33.1, three copies shall be served on each other party separately represented in the proceeding. If the document has been prepared as required by Rule 33.2, service of a single copy on each other separately represented party suffices. If personal service is made, it shall consist of delivery at the office of the counsel of record, either to counsel or to an employee therein. If service is by mail, it shall consist of depositing the document with the United States Postal Service, with no less than first-class postage prepaid, addressed to counsel of record at the proper post office address. When a party is not represented by counsel, service shall be made on the party, per-
sonally or by mail. 4. (a) If the United States or any federal department,
office, agency, officer, or employee is a party to be served, service shall be made on the Solicitor General of the United States, Room 5614, Department of Justice, 10th St. and Constitution Ave., N. W., Washington, DC 20530. When an agency of the United States that is a party is authorized by law to appear before this Court on its own behalf, or when an officer or employee of the United States is a party, the agency, officer, or employee shall be served in addition to the
Solicitor General. (b) In any proceeding in this Court in which the constitu-
tionality of an Act of Congress is drawn into question, and neither the United States nor any federal department, office, agency, officer, or employee is a party, the initial document filed in this Court shall recite that 28 U. S. C. § 2403(a) may apply and shall be served on the Solicitor General of the

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1235

United States, Room 5614, Department of Justice, 10th St. and Constitution Ave., N. W., Washington, DC 20530. In such a proceeding from any court of the United States, as defined by 28 U. S. C. §451, the initial document also shall state whether that court, pursuant to 28 U. S. C. §2403(a), certified to the Attorney General the fact that the constitutionality of an Act of Congress was drawn into question.
See Rule 14.1(e)(v).
(c) In any proceeding in this Court in which the constitutionality of any statute of a State is drawn into question, and neither the State nor any agency, officer, or employee thereof is a party, the initial document filed in this Court shall recite that 28 U. S. C. § 2403(b) may apply and shall be served on the Attorney General of that State. In such a proceeding from any court of the United States, as defined by 28 U. S. C. § 451, the initial document also shall state whether that court, pursuant to 28 U. S. C. § 2403(b), certified to the State Attorney General the fact that the constitutionality of a
statute of that State was drawn into question. See Rule
14.1(e) (v).
5. Proof of service, when required by these Rules, shall accompany the document when it is presented to the Clerk for filing and shall be separate from it. Proof of service shall contain, or be accompanied by, a statement that all parties required to be served have been served, together with a list of the names, addresses, and telephone numbers of counsel indicating the name of the party or parties each counsel represents. It is not necessary that service on each party required to be served be made in the same manner or evidenced by the same proof. Proof of service may consist
of any one of the following:
(a) an acknowledgment of service, signed by counsel of
record for the party served; (b) a certificate of service, reciting the facts and circum-
stances of service in compliance with the appropriate paragraph or paragraphs of this Rule, and signed by a member
of the Bar of this Court representing the party on whose behalf service is made or by an attorney appointed to repre-

1236

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

sent that party under the Criminal Justice Act of 1964, see 18 U. S. C. § 3006A(d)(6), or under any other applicable federal
statute; or
(c) a notarized affidavit or declaration in compliance with 28 U. S. C. § 1746, reciting the facts and circumstances of service in accordance with the appropriate paragraph or paragraphs of this Rule, whenever service is made by any person not a member of the Bar of this Court and not an attorney appointed to represent a party under the Criminal Justice Act of 1964, see 18 U. S. C. §3006A(d)(6), or under
any other applicable federal statute.
6. Every document, except a joint appendix or amicus curiae brief, filed by or on behalf of one or more corporations
shall list all parent companies and nonwholly owned subsidiaries of each of the corporate filers. If there is no parent or subsidiary company to be listed, a notation to this effect shall be included in the document. If a list has been included in a document filed earlier in the case, reference may be made to the earlier document (except when the earlier list appeared in an application for an extension of time or for a stay), and only amendments to the list to make it current
need be included in the document being filed.

Rule 30. Computation and Extension of Time
1. In the computation of any period of time prescribed or allowed by these Rules, by order of the Court, or by an applicable statute, the day of the act, event, or default from which the designated period begins to run is not included. The last day of the period shall be included, unless it is a Saturday, Sunday, federal legal holiday listed in 5 U. S. C. § 6103, or day on which the Court building is closed by order of the Court or the Chief Justice, in which event the period shall extend until the end of the next day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, federal legal holiday, or day on which the Court
building is closed. 2. Whenever a Justice or the Clerk is empowered by law
or these Rules to extend the time to file any document, an application seeking an extension shall be filed within the pe-

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1237

riod sought to be extended. An application to extend the time to file a petition for a writ of certiorari or to fie a jurisdictional statement must be received by the Clerk at least 10 days before the specified final filing date as computed under these Rules; if received less than 10 days before the final filing date, such application will not be granted except in the most extraordinary circumstances.
3. An application to extend the time to ifie a petition for a writ of certiorari, to fie a jurisdictional statement, to file a reply brief on the merits, or to ifie a petition for rehearing
shall be made to an individual Justice and presented and served on all other parties as provided by Rule 22. Once denied, such an application may not be renewed.
4. An application to extend the time to file any document or paper other than those specified in paragraph 3 of this Rule may be presented in the form of a letter to the Clerk setting out specific reasons why an extension of time is justified. The letter shall be served on all other parties as required by Rule 29. The application may be acted on by the Clerk in the first instance, and any party aggrieved by the Clerk's action may request that the application be submitted to a Justice or to the Court. The Clerk will report action under this paragraph to the Court as instructed.

Rule 31. Translations
Whenever any record to be transmitted to this Court contains material written in a foreign language without a translation made under the authority of the lower court, or admitted to be correct, the clerk of the court transmitting the record shall advise the Clerk of this Court immediately so that this Court may order that a translation be supplied and, if necessary, printed as part of the joint appendix.

Rule 32. Models, Diagrams, and Exhibits
1. Models, diagrams, and exhibits of material forming part of the evidence taken in a case and brought to this Court for its inspection shall be placed in the custody of the Clerk at least two weeks before the case is to be heard or submitted.

1238

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

2. All models, diagrams, and exhibits of material placed in the custody of the Clerk shall be removed by the parties no more than 40 days after the case is decided. If this is not done, the Clerk will notify counsel to remove the articles forthwith. If they are not removed within a reasonable time thereafter, the Clerk will destroy them or dispose of them in any other appropriate way.

Rule 33. Document Preparation: Booklet Format; 81/2- by 11-Inch Paper Format
1. Booklet Format: (a) Except for a document expressly permitted by these Rules to be submitted on 8 - by 11-inch paper, see, e. g., Rules 21, 22, and 39, every document filed with the Court shall be prepared using typesetting (e. g., wordprocessing, electronic publishing, or image setting) and reproduced by offset printing, photocopying, or similar process. The process used must produce a clear, black image on white paper.
(b) The text of every document, including any appendix thereto, except a document permitted to be produced on 8 - by 11-inch paper, shall be typeset in standard 11-point or larger type with 2-point or more leading between lines. The type size and face shall be no smaller than that contained in the United States Reports beginning with Volume 453. Type size and face shall be consistent throughout. No attempt should be made to reduce, compress, or condense the typeface in a manner that would increase the content of a document. Quotations in excess of three lines shall be indented. Footnotes shall appear in print as standard 9point or larger type with 2-point or more leading between lines. The text of the document must appear on both sides of the page.
(c) Every document, except one permitted to be produced on 8 - by 11-inch paper, shall be produced on paper that is opaque, unglazed, 6 / by 9 inches in size, and not less than 60 pounds in weight, and shall have margins of at least three-fourths of an inch on all sides. The text field, including footnotes, should be approximately 4/8 by 71 inches.

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT
The document shall be bound firmly in at least two places along the left margin (saddle stitch or perfect binding preferred) so as to permit easy opening, and no part of the text should be obscured by the binding. Spiral, plastic, metal, and string bindings may not be used. Copies of patent documents, except opinions, may be duplicated in such size as is necessary in a separate appendix.
(d) Every document, except one permitted to be produced on 8 - by 11-inch paper, shall comply with the page limits shown on the chart in subparagraph 1(g) of this Rule. The page limits do not include the pages containing the questions presented, the list of parties and corporate affiliates of the fling party, the table of contents, the table of cited authorities, or any appendix. Verbatim quotations required under Rule 14.1(f), if set out in the text of a brief rather than in the appendix, are also excluded. For good cause, the Court or a Justice may grant leave to fie a document in excess of the page limits, but application for such leave is not favored. An application to exceed page limits shall comply with Rule 22 and must be received by the Clerk at least 15 days before the filing date of the document in question, except in the most extraordinary circumstances.
(e) Every document, except one permitted to be produced on 8 - by 11-inch paper, shall have a suitable cover consisting of 65-pound weight paper in the color indicated on the chart in subparagraph 1(g) of this Rule. If a separate appendix to any document is filed, the color of its cover shall be the
same as that of the cover of the document it supports. The Clerk will furnish a color chart upon request. Counsel shall ensure that there is adequate contrast between the printing and the color of the cover. A document filed by the United States, or by any other federal party represented by the Solicitor General, shall have a gray cover. A joint appendix, answer to a bill of complaint, motion for leave to intervene, and any other document not listed in subparagraph 1(g) of this Rule shall have a tan cover.
(f) Forty copies of a document prepared under this paragraph shall be fied.

1240

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

(g) Page limits and cover colors for booklet-format docu-

ments are as follows:

Type of cumen

Page Limits

Color of Cover

(i) Petition for a Writ of Certiorari (Rule 14); Mo-

tion for Leave to File a Bill of Complaint and Brief in Support (Rule 17.3); Jurisdictional

Statement (Rule 18.3); Petition for an Extraor-

dinary Writ (Rule 20.2)

30

white

(ii) Brief in Opposition (Rule 15.3); Brief in Oppo-

sition to Motion for Leave to File an Original

Action (Rule 17.5); Motion to Dismiss or Affirm

(Rule 18.6); Brief in Opposition to Mandamus

or Prohibition (Rule 20.3(b)); Response to a

Petition for Habeas Corpus (Rule 20.4)

30

orange

(iii) Reply to Brief in Opposition (Rules 15.6 and

17.5); Brief Opposing a Motion to Dismiss or

Affirm (Rule 18.8)

10

tan

(iv) Supplemental Brief (Rules 15.8, 17, 18.10, and

25.5)

10

tan

(v) Brief on the Merits for Petitioner or Appellant

(Rule 24); Exceptions by Plaintiff to Report of

Special Master (Rule 17)

50 light blue

(vi) Brief on the Merits for Respondent or Appel-

lee (Rule 24.2); Brief on the Merits for Re-

spondent or Appellee Supporting Petitioner

or Appellant (Rule 12.6); Exceptions by Party

Other Than Plaintiff to Report of Special Mas-

ter (Rule 17)

50 light red

(vii) Reply Brief on the Merits (Rule 24.4)

20 yellow

(viii) Reply to Plaintiff's Exceptions to Report of

Special Master (Rule 17)

50 orange

(ix) Reply to Exceptions by Party Other Than Plaintiff to Report of Special Master (Rule 17) 50

yellow

(x) Brief for an Amicus Curiae at the Petition

Stage (Rule 37.2)

20 cream

(xi) Brief for an Amicus Curiae in Support of the

Plaintiff, Petitioner, or Appellant, or in Support of Neither Party, on the Merits or in an

Original Action at the Exceptions Stage

(Rule 37.3)

30

light green

(xii) Brief for an Amicus Curiae in Support of the

Defendant, Respondent, or Appellee, on the

Merits or in an Original Action at the Excep-

dark

tions Stage (Rule 37.3)

30 green

(xiii) Petition for Rehearing (Rule 44)

10

tan

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT
2. 8.- by 11-Inch Paper Format: (a) The text of every document, including any appendix thereto, expressly permitted by these Rules to be presented to the Court on 8 - by 11-inch paper shall appear double spaced, except for indented quotations, which shall be single spaced, on opaque, unglazed, white paper. The document shall be stapled or bound at the upper left-hand corner. Copies, if required, shall be produced on the same type of paper and shall be legible. The original of any such document (except a motion to dismiss or affirm under Rule 18.6) shall be signed by the party proceeding pro se or by counsel of record who must be a member of the Bar of this Court or an attorney appointed under the Criminal Justice Act of 1964, see 18 U. S. C. §3006A(d)(6), or under any other applicable federal statute. Subparagraph 1(g) of this Rule does not apply to documents prepared under this paragraph.,
(b) Page limits for documents presented on 8 - by 11-inch paper are: 40 pages for a petition for a writ of certiorari, jurisdictional statement, petition for an extraordinary writ, brief in opposition, or motion to dismiss or affirm; and 15 pages for a reply to a brief in opposition, brief opposing a motion to dismiss or affirm, supplemental brief, or petition for rehearing. The page exclusions specified in subparagraph 1(d) of this Rule apply.
Rule 34. Document Preparation: General Requirements
Every document, whether prepared under Rule 33.1 or Rule 33.2, shall comply with the following provisions:
1. Each document shall bear on its cover, in the order indicated, from the top of the page:
(a) the docket number of the case or, if there is none, a space for one;
(b) the name of this Court; (c) the October Term in which the document is filed (see Rule 3); (d) the caption of the case as appropriate in this Court; (e) the nature of the proceeding and the name of the court from which the action is brought (e. g., "On Petition for

1242

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

Writ of Certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit"; or, for a merits brief, "On Writ of Certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit");
(f) the title of the document (e. g., "Petition for Writ of Certiorari," "Brief for Respondent," "Joint Appendix");
(g) the name of the attorney who is counsel of record for the party concerned (who must be a member of the Bar of this Court except as provided in Rule 33.2), and on whom service is to be made, with a notation directly thereunder identifying the attorney as counsel of record and setting out counsel's office address and telephone number. Only one counsel of record may be noted on a single document. The names of other members of the Bar of this Court or of the bar of the highest court of a State acting as counsel, and, if desired, their addresses, may be added, but counsel of record shall be clearly identified. Names of persons other than attorneys admitted to a state bar may not be listed, unless the party is appearing pro se, in which case the party's name, address, and telephone number shall appear. The foregoing shall be displayed in an appropriate typographic manner and, except for the identification of counsel, may not be set in type smaller than standard 11-point, if the document is prepared as required by Rule 33.1.
2. Every document exceeding five pages (other than a joint appendix), whether prepared under Rule 33.1 or Rule 33.2, shall contain a table of contents and a table of cited authorities (i. e., cases alphabetically arranged, constitutional provisions, statutes, treatises, and other materials) with references to the pages in the document where such authorities are cited.
3. The body of every document shall bear at its close the name of counsel of record and such other counsel, identified on the cover of the document in conformity with subparagraph 1(g) of this Rule, as may be desired.

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT
Rule 35. Death, Substitution, and Revivor; Public Officers
1. If a party dies after filing a petition for a writ of certiorari to this Court, or after fling a notice of appeal, the authorized representative of the deceased party may appear and, on motion, be substituted as a party. If the representative does not voluntarily become a party, any other party may suggest the death on the record and, on motion, seek an order requiring the representative to become a party within a designated time. If the representative then fails to become a party, the party so moving, if a respondent or appellee, is entitled to have the petition for a writ of certiorari or the appeal dismissed, and if a petitioner or appellant, is entitled to proceed as in any other case of nonappearance by a respondent or appellee. If the substitution of a representative of the deceased is not made within six months after the death of the party, the case shall abate.
2. Whenever a case cannot be revived in the court whose judgment is sought to be reviewed, because the deceased party's authorized representative is not subject to that court's jurisdiction, proceedings will be conducted as this
Court may direct. 3. When a public officer who is a party to a proceeding in
this Court in an official capacity dies, resigns, or otherwise ceases to hold office, the action does not abate and any successor in office is automatically substituted as a party. The parties shall notify the Clerk in writing of any such successions. Proceedings following the substitution shall be in the name of the substituted party, but any misnomer not affecting substantial rights of the parties will be
disregarded. 4. A public officer who is a party to a proceeding in this
Court in an official capacity may be described as a party by the officer's official title rather than by name, but the Court
may require the name to be added.

1244

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

Rule 36. Custody of Prisoners in Habeas Corpus Proceedings
1. Pending review in this Court of a decision in a habeas corpus proceeding commenced before a court, Justice, or judge of the United States, the person having custody of the prisoner may not transfer custody to another person unless the transfer is authorized under this Rule.
2. Upon application by a custodian, the court, Justice, or judge who entered the decision under review may authorize
transfer and the substitution of a successor custodian as a party.
3. (a) Pending review of a decision failing or refusing to release a prisoner, the prisoner may be detained in the custody from which release is sought or in other appropriate custody or may be enlarged on personal recognizance or bail, as may appear appropriate to the court, Justice, or judge who entered the decision, or to the court of appeals, this
Court, or a judge or Justice of either court. (b) Pending review of a decision ordering release, the pris-
oner shall be enlarged on personal recognizance or bail, unless the court, Justice, or judge who entered the decision, or the court of appeals, this Court, or a judge or Justice of either court, orders otherwise.
4. An initial order respecting the custody or enlargement of the prisoner, and any recognizance or surety taken, shall continue in effect pending review in the court of appeals and in this Court unless for reasons shown to the court of appeals, this Court, or a judge or Justice of either court, the order is modified or an independent order respecting custody, enlargement, or surety is entered.

Rule 37. Brief for an Amicus Curiae
1. An amicus curiae brief that brings to the attention of the Court relevant matter not already brought to its attention by the parties may be of considerable help to the Court. An amicus curiaebrief that does not serve this purpose burdens the Court, and its filing is not favored.

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1245

2. (a) An amicus curiae brief submitted before the Court's consideration of a petition for a writ of certiorari, motion for leave to fie a bill of complaint, jurisdictional statement, or petition for an extraordinary writ, may be filed if accompanied by the written consent of all parties, or if the Court grants leave to file under subparagraph 2(b) of this Rule. The brief shall be submitted within the time allowed for filing a brief in opposition or for filing a motion to dismiss or affirm. The amicus curiae brief shall specify whether consent was granted, and its cover shall identify the party
supported.
(b) When a party to the case has withheld consent, a motion for leave to file an amicus curiae brief before the
Court's consideration of a petition for a writ of certiorari, motion for leave to file a bill of complaint, jurisdictional statement, or petition for an extraordinary writ may be presented to the Court. The motion, prepared as required by Rule 33.1 and as one document with the brief sought to be filed, shall be submitted within the time allowed for filing an amicus curiae brief, and shall indicate the party or parties who have withheld consent and state the nature of the movant's interest. Such a motion is not favored.
3. (a) An amicus curiae brief in a case before the Court
for oral argument may be filed if accompanied by the written consent of all parties, or if the Court grants leave to file under subparagraph 3(b) of this Rule. The brief shall be submitted within the time allowed for filing the brief for the party supported, or if in support of neither party, within the
time allowed for filing the petitioner's or appellants brief. The amicus curiae brief shall specify whether consent was granted, and its cover shall identify the party supported or indicate whether it suggests affirmance or reversal. The Clerk will not file a reply brief for an amicus curiae, or a brief for an amicus curiaein support of, or in opposition to,
a petition for rehearing.
(b) When a party to a case before the Court for oral argu-
ment has withheld consent, a motion for leave to file an ami-

1246

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

cus curiae brief may be presented to the Court. The motion, prepared as required by Rule 33.1 and as one document
with the brief sought to be filed, shall be submitted within the time allowed for filing an amicus curiae brief, and shall indicate the party or parties who have withheld consent and
state the nature of the movant's interest. 4. No motion for leave to file an amicus curiae brief is
necessary if the brief is presented on behalf of the United
States by the Solicitor General; on behalf of any agency of the United States allowed by law to appear before this Court when submitted by the agency's authorized legal representa-
tive; on behalf of a State, Commonwealth, Territory, or Possession when submitted by its Attorney General; or on behalf of a city, county, town, or similar entity when submitted by its authorized law officer.
5. A brief or motion filed under this Rule shall be accompanied by proof of service as required by Rule 29, and shall
comply with the applicable provisions of Rules 21, 24, and 33.1 (except that it suffices to set out in the brief the interest of the amicus curiae,the summary of the argument, the argument, and the conclusion). A motion for leave to fie may not exceed five pages. A party served with the motion may
file an objection thereto, stating concisely the reasons for withholding consent; the objection shall be prepared as re-
quired by Rule 33.2.

Rule 38. Fees
Under 28 U. S. C. § 1911, the fees charged by the Clerk are:
(a) for docketing a case on a petition for a writ of certiorari or on appeal or for docketing any other proceeding, except a certified question or a motion to docket and dismiss an appeal under Rule 18.5, $300;
(b) for filing a petition for rehearing or a motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing, $200;
(c) for reproducing and certifying any record or paper, $1 per page; and for comparing with the original thereof

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT
any photographic reproduction of any record or paper, when furnished by the person requesting its certification, $.50 per page;
(d) for a certificate bearing the seal of the Court, $10; and (e) for a check paid to the Court, Clerk, or Marshal that is returned for lack of funds, $35.
Rule 39. Proceedings In Forma Pauperis
1. A party seeking to proceed informa pauperis shall file a motion for leave to do so, together with the party's notarized affidavit or declaration (in compliance with 28 U. S. C. § 1746) in the form prescribed by the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure, Form 4. See 28 U. S. C. § 1915. The motion shall state whether leave to proceed informa pauperiswas sought in any other court and, if so, whether leave was granted. If the United States district court or the United States court of appeals has appointed counsel under the Criminal Justice Act of 1964, 18 U. S. C. §3006A, or under any other applicable federal statute, no affidavit or declaration is required, but the motion shall cite the statute under which counsel was appointed.
2. If leave to proceed informapauperisis sought for the purpose of filing a document, the motion, and an affidavit or declaration if required, shall be filed together with that document and shall comply in every respect with Rule 21. As provided in that Rule, it suffices to file an original and 10 copies, unless the party is an inmate confined in an institution and is not represented by counsel, in which case the original, alone, suffices. A copy of the motion shall precede and be attached to each copy of the accompanying document.
3. Except when these Rules expressly provide that a document shall be prepared as required by Rule 33.1, every document presented by a party proceeding under this Rule shall be prepared as required by Rule 33.2 (unless such preparation is impossible). Every document shall be legible. While making due allowance for any case presented under this Rule by a person appearing pro se, the Clerk will not

1248

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

fie any document if it does not comply with the substance of these Rules or is jurisdictionally out of time.
4. When the documents required by paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Rule are presented to the Clerk, accompanied by proof of service as required by Rule 29, they will be placed on the docket without the payment of a docket fee or any other fee.
5. The respondent or appellee in a case filed informapau-
peris shall respond in the same manner and within the same time as in any other case of the same nature, except that the filing of an original and 10 copies of a response prepared as required by Rule 33.2, with proof of service as required by Rule 29, suffices. The respondent or appellee may challenge the grounds for the motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in a separate document or in the response itself.
6. Whenever the Court appoints counsel for an indigent party in a case set for oral argument, the briefs on the merits submitted by that counsel, unless otherwise requested, shall be prepared under the Clerk's supervision. The Clerk also will reimburse appointed counsel for any necessary travel expenses to Washington, D. C., and return in connection with
the argument. 7. In a case in which certiorari has been granted, probable
jurisdiction noted, or consideration of jurisdiction postponed, this Court may appoint counsel to represent a party financially unable to afford an attorney to the extent authorized by the Criminal Justice Act of 1964, 18 U. S. C. § 3006A, or
by any other applicable federal statute. 8. If satisfied that a petition for a writ of certiorari, juris-
dictional statement, or petition for an extraordinary writ is frivolous or malicious, the Court may deny leave to proceed in forma pauperis.

Rule 40. Veterans, Seamen, and Military Cases
1. A veteran suing to establish reemployment rights under 38 U. S. C. §2022, or under any other provision of law exempting veterans from the payment of fees or court costs, may fie a motion for leave to proceed on papers prepared as required by Rule 33.2. The motion shall ask leave to pro-

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1249

ceed as a veteran and be accompanied by an affidavit or declaration setting out the moving party's veteran status. A copy of the motion shall precede and be attached to each copy of the petition for a writ of certiorari or other substan-
tive document filed by the veteran. 2. A seaman suing under 28 U. S. C. § 1916 may proceed
without prepayment of fees or costs or furnishing security therefor, but is not entitled to proceed under Rule 33.2, except as authorized by the Court on separate motion under
Rule 39. 3. An accused person petitioning for a writ of certiorari to
review a decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces under 28 U. S. C. § 1259 may proceed without prepayment of fees or costs or furnishing security therefor and without filing an affidavit of indigency, but is not entitled to proceed on papers prepared as required by Rule 33.2, except as authorized by the Court on separate motion
under Rule 39.

PART VIII. DISPOSITION OF CASES
Rule 41. Opinions of the Court
Opinions of the Court will be released by the Clerk immediately upon their announcement from the bench, or as the Court otherwise directs. Thereafter, the Clerk will cause the opinions to be issued in slip form, and the Reporter of Decisions will prepare them for publication in the preliminary prints and bound volumes of the United States Reports.
Rule 42. Interest and Damages
1. If a judgment for money in a civil case is affirmed, any interest allowed by law is payable from the date the judgment under review was entered. If a judgment is modified or reversed with a direction that a judgment for money be entered below, the mandate will contain instructions with respect to the allowance of interest. Interest in cases arising in a state court is allowed at the same rate that similar judgments bear interest in the courts of the State in which

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT
judgment is directed to be entered. Interest in cases arising in a court of the United States is allowed at the interest rate authorized by law.
2. When a petition for a writ of certiorari, an appeal, or an application for other relief is frivolous, the Court may award the respondent or appellee just damages, and single or double costs under Rule 43. Damages or costs may be awarded against the petitioner, appellant, or applicant, against the party's counsel, or against both party and counsel.
Rule 43. Costs
1. If the Court affirms a judgment, the petitioner or appellant shall pay costs unless the Court otherwise orders.
2. If the Court reverses or vacates a judgment, the respondent or appellee shall pay costs unless the Court otherwise orders.
3. The Clerk's fees and the cost of printing the joint appendix are the only taxable items in this Court. The cost of the transcript of the record from the court below is also a taxable item, but shall be taxable in that court as costs in the case. The expenses of printing briefs, motions, petitions, or jurisdictional statements are not taxable.
4. In a case involving a certified question, costs are equally divided unless the Court otherwise orders, except that if the Court decides the whole matter in controversy, as permitted by Rule 19.2, costs are allowed as provided in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Rule.
5. To the extent permitted by 28 U.S. C. § 2412, costs under this Rule are allowed for or against the United States or an officer or agent thereof, unless expressly waived or unless the Court otherwise orders.
6. When costs are allowed in this Court, the Clerk will insert an itemization of the costs in the body of the mandate or judgment sent to the court below. The prevailing side may not submit a bill of costs.
7. In extraordinary circumstances the Court may adjudge double costs.

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1251

Rule 44. Rehearing
1. Any petition for the rehearing of any judgment or decision of the Court on the merits shall be filed within 25 days after entry of the judgment or decision, unless the Court or a Justice shortens or extends the time. The petitioner shall fie 40 copies of the rehearing petition and shall pay the fling fee prescribed by Rule 38(b), except that a petitioner proceeding in forma pauperis under Rule 39, including an inmate of an institution, shall file the number of copies required for a petition by such a person under Rule 12.2. The petition shall state its grounds briefly and distinctly and shall be served as required by Rule 29. The petition shall be presented together with certification of counsel (or of a party unrepresented by counsel) that it is presented in good faith and not for delay; one copy of the certificate shall bear the signature of counsel (or of a party unrepresented by counsel). A copy of the certificate shall follow and be attached to each copy of the petition. A petition for rehearing is not subject to oral argument and will not be granted except by a majority of the Court, at the instance of a Justice
who concurred in the judgment or decision. 2. Any petition for the rehearing of an order denying a
petition for a writ of certiorari or extraordinary writ shall be filed within 25 days after the date of the order of denial and shall comply with all the form and fling requirements of paragraph 1 of this Rule, including the payment of the fling fee if required, but its grounds shall be limited to intervening circumstances of a substantial or controlling effect or to other substantial grounds not previously presented. The petition shall be presented together with certification of counsel (or of a party unrepresented by counsel) that it is restricted to the grounds specified in this paragraph and that it is presented in good faith and not for delay; one copy of the certificate shall bear the signature of counsel (or of a party unrepresented by counsel). A copy of the certificate shall follow and be attached to each copy of the petition. The Clerk will not fie a petition without a certificate. The petition is not subject to oral argument.

1252

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

3. The Clerk will not file any response to a petition for rehearing unless the Court requests a response. In the absence of extraordinary circumstances, the Court will not grant a petition for.rehearing without first requesting a
response.
4. The Clerk will not fie consecutive petitions and petitions that are out of time under this Rule.
5. The Clerk will not fie any brief for an amicus curiae in support of, or in opposition to, a petition for rehearing.

Rule 45. Process; Mandates
1. All process of this Court issues in the name of the President of the United States.
2. In a case on review from a state court, the mandate
issues 25 days after entry of the judgment, unless the Court or a Justice shortens or extends the time, or unless the parties stipulate that it issue sooner. The filing of a petition for rehearing stays the mandate until disposition of the petition, unless the Court orders otherwise. If the petition is denied, the mandate issues forthwith.
3. In a case on review from any court of the United States, as defined by 28 U. S. C. §451, a formal mandate does not issue unless specially directed; instead, the Clerk of this Court will send the clerk of the lower court a copy of the opinion or order of this Court and a certified copy of the judgment. The certified copy of the judgment, prepared and signed by this Court's Clerk, will provide for costs if any are awarded. In all other respects, the provisions of paragraph 2 of this Rule apply.

Rule 46. Dismissing Cases
1. At any stage of the proceedings, whenever all parties fie with the Clerk an agreement in writing that a case be dismissed, specifying the terms for payment of costs, and pay to the Clerk any fees then due, the Clerk, without further reference to the Court, will enter an order of dismissal.
2. (a) A petitioner or appellant may fie a motion to dismiss the case, with proof of service as required by Rule

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1253

29, tendering to the Clerk any fees due and costs payable. No more than 15 days after service thereof, an adverse party may file an objection, limited to the amount of damages and costs in this Court alleged to be payable or to showing that the moving party does not represent all petitioners or appellants. The Clerk will not file any objection not so
limited. (b) When the objection asserts that the moving party does
not represent all the petitioners or appellants, the party moving for dismissal may file a reply within 10 days, after which time the matter will be submitted to the Court for its determination.
(c) If no objection is filed--or if upon objection going only to the amount of damages and costs in this Court, the party moving for dismissal tenders the additional damages and costs in full within 10 days of the demand therefor-the Clerk, without further reference to the Court, will enter an order of dismissal. If, after objection as to the amount of damages and costs in this Court, the moving party does not respond by a tender within 10 days, the Clerk will report the matter to the Court for its determination.
3. No mandate or other process will issue on a dismissal under this Rule without an order of the Court.

PART IX. DEFINITIONs AND EFFECTIVE DATE
Rule 47. Reference to "State Court" and "State Law" The term "state court," when used in these Rules, includes
the District of Columbia Court of Appeals and the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. See 28 U. S. C. §§ 1257 and 1258. References in these Rules to the common law and statutes of a State include the common law and statutes of the District of Columbia and of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
Rule 48. Effective Date of Rules 1. These Rules, adopted July 26, 1995, will be effective
October 2, 1995.

1254

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

2. The Rules govern all proceedings after their effective date except to the extent that, in the opinion of the Court, their application to a pending matter would not be feasible or would work an injustice, in which event the former proce-
dure applies.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
ALLOTMENT OF JUSTICES
It is ordered that the following allotment be made of the Chief Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, pursuant to Title 28, United States Code, Section 42, and that such allotment be entered of record, effective September 30, 1994, viz.:
For the District of Columbia Circuit, WILLIAM H. REHNQUIST, Chief Justice.
For the First Circuit, DAVID H. SOUTER, Associate Justice. For the Second Circuit, RUTH BADER GINSBURG, Associate Justice. For the Third Circuit, DAVID H. SOUTER, Associate Justice. For the Fourth Circuit, WILLIAm H. REHNQUIST, Chief Justice. For the Fifth Circuit, ANT N N ScAL A, Associate Justice. For the Sixth Circuit, JOHN PAUL STEVENS, Associate Justice. For the Seventh Circuit, JOHN PAUL STEVENS, Associate Justice. For the Eighth Circuit, CLARENCE THoMAS, Associate Justice. For the Ninth Circuit, SANDRA DAY O'CONNOR, Associate Justice. For the Tenth Circuit, STEPHEN BREYER, Associate Justice. For the Eleventh Circuit, ANTHONY M. KENNEDY, Associate Justice. For the Federal Circuit, WILLIAM H. REHNQUIST, Chief Justice.
September 30, 1994.
(For next previous allotment, and modifications, see 502 U. S., p. vI, 509 U. S., p. V,and 512 U. S., p. V.)

UNITED STATES REPORTS
VOLUME 515
CASES ADJUDGED
IN
THE SUPREME COURT
AT
OCTOBER TERM, 1994
MAY 30 THROUGH SEPTEMBER 29, 1995 Torr mR WrrH OPInMONOS FINDWIVUAL JUSnCES N CHAMBERS
END OF TERM
FRANK D. WAGNER
REPORTER OF DECISIONS

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1255

INDEX TO RULES

Rule

ABATEMENT-See Death

ADMISSION TO BAR

Application forms .......................................................... 5.2

Certificate of admission ............................................... 5.3, 5.6

Criminal Justice Act of 1964 ....................................... 9.1

Documents required ......................5..2.....................

Duplicate certificate ..................................................... 5.6

Fees ..................................................................................

5.5, 5.6

Oath or affirmation, form of ....................................... 5.4

Open Court, admission in ...................

5.3

Qualifications ..................................................................

5.1

AFFIDAVIT
Informa pauperisproceedings ................................. Service by nonmember of Bar....................................

39.1 29.5(c)

AMICUS CURIAE Argument ........................................................................ 28.7

Briefs at petition stage -Consent of parties to file ................................. -Copies, number to be filed ..............................
-Cover color ......................................................... -Cover, identification of party supported ...... -Documents, format and general require-
ments ...............................................................

37.2 33.1(f) 33.1(g)(x) 37.2(a)
33, 34

-Page limits.......................................................... 33.1(g)(x) -Purpose .........................3.7..1.................... -Service ................................................................. 37.5

-Time to file ........................................................ 37.2

Briefs on merits

-Consent of parties to file ................................. 37.3

-Cover color ......................................................... -Copies, 33.1(g)(Xi) number to be filed .............................. 33.1(f) (xii)

-Cover, identification of party supported ..... 37.2(a)

-Documents, format and general require-

ments ............................................................... -Page limits ..........................................................

33.1(g)(xi 33, 34 (xii)

-Purpose .........................3.7..1....................

-Service ............................................................... 37.5

-Time to file ........................................................ 37.3 Cities, counties, and towns .......................................... 37.4

Consent of parties -To argument ......................28..7.....................

1256

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

AMICUS CURIE-Continued
- To fie brief......................................................... Motions for leave to file briefs
- At petition stage ............................................... - Objection to ..................................................... - On merits ............................................................ - Page limits ..................................................... - Service ............................................................... - Time to file ......................................................... - When unnecessary ....................................... Rehearing ......................................................................
States, Commonwealths, Territories, and Possessions ............................................................................
United States .................................................................

Rule
37.2, 37.3, 37.5
37.2(b) 37.5 37.3(b) 37.5 37.5 37.2(b), 37.3(b) 37.4 37.3(a), 44.5
37.4 37.4

APPEALS

Affirm, motion to ........................................................... 18.6, 21.2(b)

Briefs opposing motion to dismiss or to affirm 18.8, 33.1(g)(iii), 33.2(b)

Certification of record .................................................. 18.11, 18.12

Cross-Appeals ................................................................ 18.4, 18.9

Dismissal

- After docketing ................................................. - Before docketing ..............................................

18.6, 21.2(b) 18.5

- By agreement of parties ................................... 18.5, 46.1

- On death of party ......................................... 35

- On motion .......................................... 18.5, 18.6, 21.2(b), 33.1(g)(ii)

Frivolous appeals, damages ....................................... 42.2

Joint appendix, preparation of ................................ 26

Jurisdictional statements

- Copies, number to be filed .............................. 18.3

- Cover color ......................................................... 33.1(g)(i)

- Deficiencies, effect of ........................................ 18.13

- Distribution to Court ....................................... 18.5, 18.6, 21.2(b)

-Documents, format and general require-

ments ............................................................... 33, 34

- Fee........................................................................

18.3, 38(a)

- Multiple judgments ..................18..2........................

- Page limits .......................................................... 33.1(g)(i), 33.2(b)

- Service ................................................................. 18.3, 29.3-29.5

- Supplemental briefs .......................................... 18.10, 33.1(g)(iv)

- Time to fle ......................................................... 18.3, 30.2, 30.3

Jurisdiction noted or postponed ................................. 18.12

Notice of appeal

-Clerk of district court, filed with ................... 18.1

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1257

Rule

APPEALS-Continued - Contents .............................................................. - Response ............................................................. - Service ................................................................. - Time to file .........................................................
Parties to proceeding ...................................................
Record ............................................................................. Summary disposition ....................................................

18.1 18.6 18.1 18.1 18.2 18.11, 18.12 18.12

APPEARANCE OF COUNSEL Certified cases .............................................................. 19.3 Notice of appearance, when required ........................ 9

APPENDIX-See also Joint Appendix Briefs on merits .............................................................
Cover color ..................................................................... Documents, format and general preparation re-
quirem ents ............................................................... Jurisdictional statements ............................................. Petitions for writ of certiorari ....................................

24.3 33.1(e)
33, 34 18.3 14.1(i)

APPLICATIONS TO INDIVIDUAL JUSTICES-See Justices

ARGUMENT Absence of quorum, effect of...................................... Additional time, request for........................................ Amicus curiae............................................................... Calendar, call of..........................................................
Certified cases ................................................................ Combined cases .............................................................
Content ............................................................................ Counsel, notification of argument date ..................... Cross-appeals ................................................................. Cross-writs of certiorari .............................................. Divided argum ent ........................................................ Hearing lists ................................................................... M otions........................................................................... Party for whom no brief has been filed .................... Pro hac vice ................................................................. Rehearing ....................................................................... Tim e allowed ..................................................................

4.2 28.3 28.7 27 19.4 27.3 28.1, 28.5 27.2 28.2 28.2 28.4 27.2 21.3 28.6 6 44.1, 44.2 28.3

ATTORNEYS-See also Admission to Bar; Criminal Justice Act of 1964 Appearance of counsel ................................................ 9 Appointment as counsel for indigent party ............. 39.6, 39.7 Argum ent pro hac vice ............................................... 6

1258

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

ATTORNEYS-Continued

Rule

Compensation
-Criminal Justice Act of 1964 ........................... 39.7 -Travel expenses when representing indi-
gent party ....................................................... 39.6 Costs awarded against ................................................. 42.2 Counsel of record ......................................................... 9 Damages awarded against........................................... 42.2
Disbarm ent ............................8..1.......................
Discipline of attorneys
-Conduct unbecoming member of Bar............ 8.2 -Failure to comply with this Court's Rules 8.2 Employees of Court, prohibition against practice 7 Foreign attorneys, permission to argue ................... 6.2 Substitution of counsel ................................................. 9.2 Suspension from practice ............................................. 8.1
Use of Court's Library ............................................... 2.1

BAIL Applications to individual Justices ............................ 22.5 Habeas corpus proceedings ......................................... 36.3

BOND-See Stays

BRIEFS-See Amicus Curiae;Appeals; Briefs on Merits; Certified Questions; Certiorari; Original Actions

BRIEFS ON MERITS
Abridgment of time to file ......................................... 25.4 Application to exceed page limits ............................. 33.1(d) Clerk, filed with ........................................................... 29.1, 29.2 Extension of time to fie .............................................. 25.4, 30.4 Petitioners and appellants
-Contents .............................................................. 24.1 -Copies, number to be filed ............................. 25.1, 33.1(f) -Cover color ......................................................... 33.1(g)(v) -Documents, format and general require-
ments ............................................................ 33, 34 -Page limits .................................................. 24.3, 33.1(d), 33.1(g)(v) -Time to file ......................................................... 25.1, 25.4 Proof of service requirement ..................................... 25.7 References to joint appendix or record ................... 24.5 Reply briefs
-Contents ........................2.4..4....................... -Copies, number to be filed ............................. 25.3 -Cover color ......................................................... 33.1(g)(vii)

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1259

BRIEFS ON MERITS-Continued -Documents, format and general requirements .............................................................. - Page limits ............................................... 24.3, - Time to file .........................................................
Respondents and appellees - Contents ............................................................ -Copies, number to be filed ............................. - Cover color ......................................................... -Documents, format and general requirements .............................................................. - Page limits .......................................................... - Time to fle .........................................................
Service ........................................................................... Striking by Court ........................................................ Submission after argum ent ........................................ Supplemental briefs
- Contents ............................................................ -Copies, number to be fied ....................... ...... - Cover color ........................................................ -Documents, format and general require-
ments ...............................................................
- Page limits ........................................................ - Time to fle ......................................................... Table of authorities ......................................................
Table of contents ..........................................................

Rule
33, 34 33.1(d), 33.1(g)(vii) 25.3, 25.4
24.2 25.2 33.1(g)(vi)
33, 34 24.3, 33.1(g)(vi) 25.2, 25.4 29.3-29.5 24.6 25.6
25.5 25.5 33.1(g)(iv)
33, 34 33.1(g)(iv) 25.5 24.1(c), 34.2 24.1(c), 34.2

CALENDAR Call of cases for argum ent .......................................... 27.1 Clerk, preparation by ................................................... 27.1 Combined cases ............................................................. 27.3 Hearing lists ................................................................... 27.2

CAPITAL CASES Brief in opposition......................................................... Notation of .....................................................................

15.1 14.1(a)

CERTIFIED QUESTIONS Appearance of counsel .................................................. 19.3 Appendix .............................1.9..4 ..................... Argum ent, setting case for ......................................... 19.4 Briefs on merits -Contents and specifications ............................. 19.5, 24 -Documents, format and general requirem ents ............................................................... 33, 34 - Time to fle ......................................................... 19.5, 25

1260

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

CERTIFIED QUESTIONS-Continued Certificate, contents of ................................................. Costs, allowance of ....................................................... Record .............................................................................

Rule
19.1 43.4 19.4

CERTIORARI Appendix to petition for writ ..................................... 14.1(i) Before judgment in court of appeals, petition filed 11 Briefs in opposition - Capital cases, mandatory in ........................... 15.1 - Contents .............................................................. 15.2
- Copies, number to be ified .............................. 15.3 - Cover color ........................................................ 33.1(g)(ii) -Documents, format and general require-
ments ............................................................... 33, 34 - Page limits ................................................. 15.2, 33.1(g)(ii), 33.2(b) - Time to fie ......................................................... 15.3
Briefs in support of petition barred ......................... 14.2 Common-law writs ....................................................... 20.6 Constitutionality of statute, procedure when issue
raised ........................................................................... 29.4(b), (c)
Cross-petitions - Conditional, when permitted ......................... 12.5 - Contents .............................................................. 12.5, 14.1(e)(iii) - Distribution to Court ...................................... 15.7
- Fee ...................................................................... 12.5 - Notice to cross-respondents ............................ 12.5 - Service................................................................. 12.5 - Time to file ........................................................ 13.4
Denial, sufficient reasons for....................................... 14.4 Dismissal of petitions .................................................. 35.1 Disposition of petitions ............................................ 16
Distribution of papers to Court ................................ 15.5 Docketing
- Fee........................................................................ 38(a) - Notice to respondents ..................................... 12.3
Frivolous petitions, damages and costs ................... 42.2 Motion to dismiss petition barred .............................. 15.4 Multiple judgments, review of .................................. 12.4 Objections to jurisdiction ........................................... 15.4 Parties ............................................................................. 12.4, 12.6 Petitions for writ
- Contents .........................1.4...................... - Copies, number to be filed ............................. 12.1, 12.2

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

Rule

CERTIORARI-Continued

-Cover color ......................................................... 33.1(g)(i)

-Deficiency, effect of .......................................... 14.5

-Documents, format and general require-

ments ............................................................... 33, 34

-Page limits .................................................. 14.3, 33.1(g)(i), 33.2(b)

-Service ............................................................... 12.3

-Time to file ......................................................... 13, 29.2, 30.2, 30.3

Record, certification and transmission .................... 12.7

Rehearing, petitions for .............................................. 44.2

Reply briefs to briefs in opposition .................. 15.6, 33.1(g)(iii), 33.2(b)

Respondents in support of petitioner ...................... 12.6

Stays pending review .................................................. 23.2, 23.4

Summary disposition ......................

16.1

Supplemental briefs ...................................................... 15.8, 33.1(g)(iv)

CLERK Aimouncement of absence of quorum ....................... Announcement of recesses .......................................... Argument calendar ....................................................... Authority to reject filings ........................................... Costs, itemization in mandate .................................... Custody of records and papers ................................... Diagrams, custody and disposition ............................ Exhibits, custody and disposition .............................. Fees as taxable items ................................................... Fees, table of.................................................................. Filing documents with ................................................. Hearing lists, preparation of ...................................... Informa pauperis proceedings, docketing ............. Models, custody and disposition ................................. Noncompliance with Rules, return of papers .......... Office hours ..................................................................... Opinions of Court, disposition of ............................... Orders of dismissal ....................................................... Original records, when returned ................................ Record, request for ....................................................... Records and documents, maintenance of .................

4.2 4.3 27.1, 27.2 1.1 43.6 1.2 32 32 43.3 38 29.1, 29.2 27.2 39.4 32 14.5, 18.13 1.3 41 46.1, 46.2 1.2 12.7, 18.11, 18.12 1.2

COMPUTATION OF TIME

MainrAl

30.1

CONSTITUTIONALITY OF CONGRESSIONAL ACT
Procedure where United States or federal agency or employee not a party........................................... 29.4(b)

1262

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

Rule CONSTITUTIONALITY OF STATE STATUTE
Procedure where State or state agency or employee not a party ..................................................... 29.4(c)

CORPORATIONS Listing parent companies and subsidiaries ........... 14.1(b), 24.1(b), 29.6

COSTS-See also Fees

Armed forces cases ....................................................... 40.3

Certified cases .........................4.3..4......................

Dismissal of appeal before docketing ........................ 18.5

Double costs ................................................................... 43 .7

Frivolous filings ............................................................. 42.2

Joint appendix ................................................................ 26.3

Judgment affirmed ........................................................ 43.1

Judgment reversed or vacated ................................... 43.2

Mandate, itemization in................................................ 43.6

Seam en cases .................................................................. 40.2

Stays ...........................................................................

23.4

Taxable items ................................................................. 43.3

United States, allowed for or against ....................... 43.5

Veterans cases ............................................................... 40.1

COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES Documents, preparation requirements ...................... 40.3 Fees and costs on review ............................................. 40.3

COURTS OF APPEALS Certified questions ..................................................... 19 Certiorari before judgment ...................................... 11 Considerations governing review on certiorari ...... 10

CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT OF 1964 Appointment of counsel under ................................. 9, 39 Compensation of counsel for indigent party ............ 39.7

CROSS-APPEALS-See Appeals

CROSS-PETITIONS FOR CERTIORARI-See Certiorari

DAMAGES

Frivolous filings ............................................................. 42.2

Stays ................................................................................

23.4

DEATH Parties ............................................................................. Public officers ................................................................. Revivor of case ..............................................................

35.1-35.3 35.3 35.2

DELAY Stay, damages for delay ............................................... 23.4

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1263

DIAGRAMS Custody of Clerk .......................................................... Rem oval or other disposition ....................................

Rule
32.1 32.2

DISBARMENT AND DISCIPLINE-See Attorneys

DISMISSAL Agreem ent of parties ................................................... 46.1 Appeals before docketing ............................................ 18.5 Death of party ............................................................... 35.1 Entry of order .........................4.6..1...................... M otion by appellee ........................................................ 18.6, 46.2 Objection to ................................................................... 46.2

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA-See State Courts

DOCKETING CASES

Appeals ............................................................................

18.3

Certified questions ....................................................... 19.3

Certiorari ....................................................................... 12.3

Cross-appeals ................................................................. 18.4

Cross-petitions for certiorari ...................................... 12.5

Extraordinary writs ...................................................... 20.2

Fees ..................................................................................

38(a)

Infornuapauperisproceedings ................................. 39.4

Original actions ............................................................. 17.4

DOCUMENT PREPARATION Format and general requirements ............................. 33, 34

EFFECTIVE DATE

Revised Rules ............................................................

48

EXHIBITS Briefs, reference in ....................................................... 24.5
Custody of Clerk ........................................................... 32.1 Inclusion in joint appendix .......................................... 26.6 Removal or other disposition ...................................... 32.2

EXTENSION OF TIME Filing briefs on merits .................................................
Filing jurisdictional statements ................................. Filing papers or documents, generally ..................... Filing petitions for rehearing .....................................
Filing petitions for writ of certiorari ........................

25.4
18.3, 30.2, 30.3 30.2-30.4 30.3, 44.1
13.5, 30.2, 30.3

EXTRAORDINARY WRITS-See also Habeas Corpus Briefs in opposition -Copies, number to be filed .............................. 20.3(b) -Cover color ........................................................ 33.1(g)(ii) -Page limits.......................................................... 33.1(g)(ii)

1264

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

Rule

EXTRAORDINARY WRITS-Continued

-Time to file ..................

..... 20.3(b)

Considerations governing issuance .......................... 20.1

Petitions -Certiorari, common-law writ of .....................
-Contents ............................................................ -Copies, number to be filed .............................. -Cover color ........................................................
-Docketing ............................................................ -Documents, format and general require-
ments ............................................................

20.6 20.2 20.2 33.1(g)(i) 20.2
33,34

-Habeas corpus, writ of ...............2.0..4.................... -Mandamus, writ of ............................................ 20.3 -Page limits.......................................................... 33.1(g)(i), 33.2(b) -Prohibition, writ of ........................................... 20.3 - Service ................................................................. 20.2, 29

Response to petitions for habeas corpus -Cover color ......................................................... -Page limits ........................................................

33.1(g)(ii) 33.1(g)(ii)

-When required .................................................. 20.4(b)

FEDERAL RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE AND EVIDENCE As guides to procedure in original actions .............. 17.2

FEES-See also Costs

Admission to Bar ...........................................................

5.5, 5.6

Armed forces cases ......................4.0..3....................

Informa pauperis proceedings ................................. 39.4

Seamen cases ............................................................... 38

Table ..............................................................................

38

Taxable items ................................................................ 43.3

Veterans cases .........................4.0..1....................

HABEAS CORPUS-See also ExtraordinaryWrits
Custody of prisoners .................................................. Documents, format and general requirements ........ Enlargement of prisoner on personal recognizance Order respecting custody of prisoners .....................
Petition for writ ............................................................. Response to petition ....................................................

36 33, 34 36.3, 36.4 36.4 20.4(a) 20.4(b)

IN FORMA PAUPERIS PROCEEDINGS Affidavit as to status .................................................... 39.1 Briefs, preparation of ................................................... 33.2
Counsel -Appointment ....................................................... 39.7

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1265

Rule 1N FORMA PAUPERIS PROCEEDINGS-Continued
- Compensation..................................................... 39.7 - Travel expenses ................................................. 39.6 Denial of leave to proceed ........................................... 39.8 Docketing ........................................................................ 39.4 Joint appendix ................................................................ 26.3 Motions, form of ............................................................ 39.1 Responses ............................39...5 ...................... Substantive documents ................................................ 39.2, 39.3

INTEREST Inclusion in amount of bond on stay pending review ......................................................................... 23.4 M oney judgments in civil cases.................................. 42.1

JOINT APPENDIX

Arrangem ent of contents ............................................. 26.5, 26.6

Certified cases ................................................................ 19.4

Contents ......................................................................... 26.1, 26.2

Copies, number to be filed ........................................... 26.1

Cost of printing ............................................................. 26.3, 43.3

Cover color ..................................................................... Deferred m ethod ...........................................................

33.1(e) 26.4

Designating parts of record to be printed ............... 26.2

Dispensing with appendix .......................................... 26.7

Exhibits, inclusion of .................................................... 26.6

Extraordinary writs...................................................... 20.6

Informa pauperisproceedings ................................. 26.2

References in briefs ...................................................... 24.1( g), 24.5

Tim e to fle ................................................................... 26.1, 26.4, 26.8, 30.4

JURISDICTIONAL STATEMENT-See Appeals

JUSTICES Applications to individual Justices - Clerk, filed with ............................................... -Copies, number to be filed ............................. - Disposition .......................................................... - Distribution ........................................................ - Documents, format ............................................ - Referral to full Court ......................................
- Renewal ............................................................. - Service ................................................................. Extensions of time to file - Docum ents and papers ..................................... - Jurisdictional statem ents ............................... - Petitions for rehearing .....................................

22.1 22.2 22.4, 22.6 22.3 22.2, 33.2 22.5 22.4 22.2
30.2- -30.4 18.3, 30.2, 30.3 30.3

1266

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

Rule

JUSTICES-Continued -Petitions for writ of certiorari........................ -Reply briefs on merits ....................................

13.5, 30.2, 30.3 30.3

Habeas corpus proceedings ......................................... 36 Leave to file document in excess of page limits .... 33.1(d) Petitions for rehearing ................................................. 44.1 Stays ...............................2.2..5., .2.3 ..................

LIBRARY

Persons to whom open ................................................. 2.1

Removal of books ..........................................................

2.3

Schedule of hours ..........................................................

2.2

MANDAMUS-See Extraordinary Writs

MANDATES
Costs, inclusion of ......................................................... 43.6 Dismissal of cases ........................................................ 46.3 Federal-court cases ....................................................... 45.3 Petition for rehearing, effect of ................................. 45.2 State-court cases ........................................................... 45.2

MARSHAL Announcem ent of recesses .......................................... Bar admission fees, maintenance of fund ................. Returned check fees .....................................................

4.3 5.5, 5.6
38(e)

MODELS Custody of Clerk ........................................................... 32.1 Rem oval or other disposition ...................................... 32.2

MOTIONS Admission to Bar ........................................................... Affirm appeals .............................................................. Amicus curiae - Leave to argue ...................................................
- Leave to fie brief ............................................. Argument
- Additional time .................................................. - Consolidated ...................................................... - Divided ................................................................ - Pro hac vice ....................................................... Briefs -Abridgment of time to fle ............................. -Leave to exceed page limits ........................... Certified questions ........................................................ Clerk, filed with ...........................................................
Contents ..........................................................................

5.3, 21.3 18.6
28.7 21.2( b), 37.2-37.4
28.3 27.3 28.4 6.3
25.4 33.1(d) 19.2 29.1, 29.2 21

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1267

Rule

MOTIONS-Continued

Dismissal of cases -Appeals ................................................................

18.6, 21.2(b)

-Death of party .................................................. 35.1

-Docket and dismiss .......................................... 18.5

-Mootness ........................2.1..2.(b.)...................

-On request of petitioner or appellant ........... 46.2

-Voluntary dismissal ........................................... 46.1

Documents, format and general requirements ....... 21.2(b), (c), 33, 34

Informa pauperisproceedings ................................ 39.1, 39.2

Joint appendix -Dispensed with ................................................. 26.7

-Record, excused from printing ....................... Oral argument, when permitted ............................... Original actions ............................................................

26.2 21.3 17.2, 17.3, 21.2(a)

Party, substitution of ................................................... 35.1, 35.3

Responses, form and time of ..................................... 21.4

Service ........................................................................... Stays ................................................................................ Veteran, leave to proceed as ......................................

21.3, 29.3-29.5 23 40.1

NONCOMPLIANCE WITH RULES-See Rules

NOTICE Appeals, filing of ........................................................... Certiorari, filing of petition for writ ......................... Cross-petition for certiorari, docketing of .............. Disposition of petition for writ of certiorari............
Service .............................................................................

18.1 12.3 12.5 16
29.3-29.5

OPINIONS
Publication in United States Reports by Reporter of Decisions ................................................................. 41
Slip form ........................................................................ 41 When released ............................................................... 41

ORAL ARGUMENT-See Argument

ORIGINAL ACTIONS Briefs in opposition to motions for leave to efie -Copies, number to be fied ............................. -Cover color ......................................................... - Service................................................................. -Time to file ......................................................... Distribution of documents to Court .........................
D ocketing ........................................................................ Documents, format and general requirements .......

17.5 33.1(g)(ii) 17.5 17.5 17.5 17.4 33, 34

1268

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

ORIGINAL ACTIONS-Continued
Fee ..................................................................................
Initial pleadings -Briefs in support of motions for leave to file
-Clerk, fied with ................................................. -Copies, number to be filed .............................. -Cover color ......................................................... -Leave to fie ...................................................... -Motions for leave to file ................................... -Page limits ........................................................
-Service ...............................................................
Jurisdiction .................................................................... Process against State, service of .............................. Pleadings and motions, form of ................................. Reply briefs ................................................................... Summons .........................................................................

Rule
17.4, 38(a)
17.3 17.4 17.3 33.1(g)(i) 17.3 17.3 33.1(g)(i) 17.3 17.1 17.7 17.2 17.5 17.6

PARENT COMPANIES AND SUBSIDIARIES-See Corporations

PARTIES
Appeals ............................................................................ Certiorari ........................................................................ Death, effect of .............................................................. Listing, when required
-Briefs on merits ................................................. -Petitions for writ of certiorari ......................
Public officers -Description of ................................................... -Effect of death or resignation .......................

18.2 12.4, 12.6 35.1-35.3
24.1(b) 14.1(b)
35.4 35.3

POSTPONING CONSIDERATION OF JURISDICTION-See Appeals

PROCESS-See also Service

Dismissal of cases .......................................................... 46.3

Form ...............................................................................

45.1

Original actions ............................................................. 17.7

PROHIBITION-See Extraordinary Writs

PROOF OF SERVICE-See Service

PUBLIC OFFICERS OR EMPLOYEES Costs allowed against ................................................... 43.5 Description of................................................................. 35.4
Service on ....................................................................... 29.4
Substitution of ............................................................... 35.3

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1269

PUERTO RICO-See State Courts

Rule

QUORUM Absence, effect of........................4..2...................... Number to constitute .................................................. 4.2

RECESS-See Sessions of Court

RECORDS
Certification and transmission - Appeals .............................................................. 18.11, 18.12 - Certified questions............................................ 19.4 - Certiorari ............................................................ 12.7
Diagrams ...................................................................... 32 Exhibits ........................................................................... 26.6, 32 Joint appendix
- Costs, effect on allocation of........................... 26.3 -Inclusion of designated record ....... 26.1-26.3, 26.4(b), 26.5, 26.7 Models .......................................................................... 32 Original documents
- On certiorari ..................................................... 12.7 - Return to lower courts ................................... 1.2 Original record, argument on .................................... 26.7 References - Briefs on merits ................................................. 24.5 - Petitions for writ of certiorari........................ 14.1(g)(i) Translation of foreign language material .............. 31

REHEARING Am icus curiae briefs .................................................. 37.3(a) Certificate of counsel .................................................... 44.1, 44.2 Consecutive petitions .................................................. 44 .4 Judgment or decision on merits ................................ 44.1 Mandate, stay of ........................................................... 45.2 Oral argument .............................................................. 44.1, 44.2 Order denying petition for writ of certiorari or extraordinary writ .................................................... 44.2 Petitions - Contents .............................................................. 44.1, 44.2 - Copies, number to be filed ............................. 44.1, 44.2 - Cover color ......................................................... 33.1(g)(xiii) -Documents, format and general specifications ............................................................ 33, 34 - Fee........................................................................ 38(b) - Page limits ....................................................... 33.1(g)(xiii), 33.2(b) - Service ................................................................. 44.1, 44.2

1270

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

Rule

REHEARING-Continued -Time to file .......................................................
Responses to petitions ................................................

30.3, 44.1, 44.2, 44.4 44.3

REPORTER OF DECISIONS Publication of Court's opinions ................................. 41

REVIVOR Revivor of cases ............................................................

35.1-35.3

RULES Effective date ............................................................. Effect of noncompliance ...............................................

48 14.5, 18.13

SEAMEN Suits by ........................................................................... 40.2

SERVICE Procedure
-Copies, number to be served .......................... 29.3 -Federal agency, officer, or employee ............. 29.4(a) -Governor and State Attorney General in
original actions .............................................. 17.3 -Mail ..................................................................... 29.3 -Personal service ................................................. 29.3 -Solicitor General where constitutionality of
congressional act in issue ............................ 29.4(b) -Solicitor General where United States or
federal agency, officer, or employee is party ................................................................ 29.4(a) -State Attorney General where constitutionality of state statute in issue ...................... 29.4(c) Proof of service, form ................................................. 29.5
When required -Amicus curiaebriefs and motions ................ 37.5 -Appeals ........................................................... 18.1-18.5, 18.8, 18.10 -Applications to individual Justices ............... 22.2, 22.4 -Briefs on merits ............................................... 25.7 -Certiorari, petitions for writ of ..................... 12.3, 12.5, 12.6 -Dismissal of cases ............................................ 46.2(a) -Extension of time, applications for ............... 30.3, 30.4 -Extraordinary writs.......................................... 20.2, 20.3(b)
-Informa pauperis proceedings .................... 39.4 -Joint appendix ................................................... 26.1-26.4
-Motions, in general .......................................... 21.3 -Original actions ................................................. 17.3, 17.5-17.7 -Pro hac vice, motions to argue ...................... 6.3 -Rehearing ........................................................... 44.1, 44.2

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1271

SERVICE-Continued -Reply briefs ....................................................... -Supplemental briefs ..........................................

Rule
15.6 15.8

SESSIONS OF COURT

Hours of open sessions ................................................. 4.1

Opening of Term ...........................................................

4.1

R ecesses ..............................4..3.....................

SOLICITOR GENERAL Amicus curiaebrief for United States ................... Documents, cover color ................................................ Service on -When constitutionality of congressional act in issue ............................................................. -When United States or federal office, agency, officer, or employee is party .........

37.4 33.1(e)
29.4(b) 29.4(a)

STATE COURTS Certiorari to review judgments of ......................... District of Columbia Court of Appeals .................. Habeas corpus, exhaustion of remedies .................. Mandate, issuance of ....................................................
Puerto Rico Supreme Court ....................................

10 47 20.4(a) 45.2 47

STAYS Bond, supersedeas ......................................................... 23.4 Considerations governing application ....................... 23.3 Judgment, enforcement of ........................................... 23.2 Justices -Authority to grant ............................................ 23.1 -Presentation to individual Justices ................ 22.1 -Referral to Court .............................................. 22.5 Mandate -Pending rehearing ........................................... 45.2
-Pending review ................................................. 23.4

STIPULATIONS Dismissal of appeal by parties .................................... 18.5 Mandate, issuance of .................................................... 45.2

SUBSIDIARIES OF CORPORATIONS-See Corporations

SUBSTITUTIONS Counsel ............................................................................ Parties ............................................................................. Public officers ............................................................... Successor custodians, habeas corpus proceedings..

9.2 35.1, 35.3 35.3 36.2

1272

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

Rule
SUMMONS Form of process ........................4.5..1....................... Service in original action ............................................. 17.6

SUPERSEDEAS BONDS Application to stay enforcement of judgment ......... 23.4

TERM Call of cases for argument ........................................ 27 Cases pending on docket at end of Term ................ 3 Commencement of........................................................ 3

TIME REQUIREMENTS Computation of time ..................................................... 30.1 Documents filed with Clerk ....................................... 29.2 Oral argument .............................................................. 28.3 Substitution of parties ................................................ 35.1 Time to fie -Amicus curiaebriefs ...................................... 37.2, 37.3 -Appeals ................................................................ 18.1 -Briefs on merits ................................................. 25.1-25.5, 30.3 -Certified questions, briefs on merits ............. 19.5 -Certiorari, petitions for writ of ..................... 13, 30.2, 30.3 -Jurisdictional statements ................................ 18.3, 30.2, 30.3 -Motions to dismiss or to affirm appeal ......... 18.6 -Page limits, application to exceed .................. 33.1(d) -Rehearing, petitions for................................. 30.3, 44.1, 44.2, 44.4 -Requests for divided argument .................... 28.4 -Responses to motions ....................................... 21.4

TRANSCRIPT OF RECORD-See also Records

C ost ..................................................................................

43.3

TRANSLATIONS Foreign-language material in record .................... 31

UNITED STATES
Amicus curiae............................................................... Briefs, cover color ......................................................... Costs allowed for or against ...................................... Service
-On federal agency, officer, or employee ........
-On Solicitor General .........................................

37.4 33.1(e) 43.5
29.4(a) 29.4(a), (b)

UNITED STATES REPORTS Publication of Court's opinions ................................ 41

VETERANS Suits by .......................................................................... 40.1

RULES OF THE SUPREME COURT

1273

WAIVER
Brief in opposition, right to file ................................ Costs allowed for or against United States ............ Motion to dismiss appeal or affirm, right to fle .....

WRITS

Certiorari

.............................

Common-law certiorari ................................................

Extraordinary ............................................................

Habeas corpus ................................................................

Mandamus .......................................................................

Prohibition ......................................................................

Rule
15.5 43.5 18.7
10-16 20.6 20 20.4 20.3 20.3

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

NoTE: All undesignated references herein to the United States Code are to the 1988 edition.
Cases reported before page 1101 are those decided with opinions of the Court or decisions per curiam. Cases reported on page 1101 et seq. are those in which orders were entered. Opinions reported on page 1301 et seq. are those written in chambers by individual Justices.

Page

Abdul-Alim v. New Jersey ..............................

1106

Abrahamson; Chapman v ...............................

1119

Abramajtys; Bethea v..................................

1148

Abrams v. Johnson ....................................

900

AcroMed Corp.; Reeves v. ..............................

1104

Acton; Vernonia School Dist. 47J v. ....................... Adams v. California ................................... Adams v. Dickinson ................................... Adams v. Moore ........................... Adams v. United States ................................
Adarand Constructors, Inc. v. Pefia ....................... Addison v. United States ...............................
Adway v. United States ................................ Afileje-Torres v. United States ...........................

646 1135 1158 1124,1179,1181,1182 1127 200 1152 1168 1152

Agricultural Labor Relations Bd. v. Bud Antle, Inc ............

1159

Agricultural Labor Relations Bd. v. Bud of Cal ...............

1159

Aguilar; United States v................................

593

Ahaneku v. United States ...............................

1168

Ainsworth; Fottler v...................................

1148

Akbar v. United States .................................

1125

Akro Corp.; Luker v...................................

1122

Alabama; Jones v .....................................

1102

Alabama; McArthur v. ................................. Aladdin v. Grumman American Aviation Corp................ Alaska v. Babbitt ..................................... Albanese v. Peters .................................... Alex v. United States .................................. Alexander v. Johnson ............................... Alexander v. Macoubrie ................................

1135 1104 1158 .1188 1102 1146,1180 1165

VII

vM

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Alexander v. Ward .................................

1163,1180

Al-Kelani, Inc. v. Federal Deposit Ins. Corp..................

1131

Allen v. United States .................................

1167

Alley v. General Electric Capital Corp. .................

1145,1178

Allstate Ins. Co.; Arnette v ............................

1129

Alper v. Florida Bar ...................................

1145

Alvarez v. United States ...............................

1109

Amaral v. Rhode Island Hospital Trust ....................

1119

Amato v. Louisiana Comm'r of Securities ...................

1144

Ambassador Cards; Borza v..............................

1161

Ambassador Manor South v. Commissioner .................

1144

Amcast Industrial Corp. v. Detrex Corp ....................

1103

American Airlines, Inc. v. Lockwood ...................

1121,1182

American Library Assn. v. Reno .........................

1158

America's Best Quality Coatings Corp. (ABQC) v. NLRB ...... 1158

Amsden v. Senate Judiciary Committee ....................

1169

Anderson v. Kentucky .................................

1155

Angelone; Murphy v. ..................................

1150

Angelone; Page v .....................................

1146

Angelone; Sevey v .....................................

1136

Angelone; Stockton v ..............................

1187,1189

Antonelli v. Getty .....................................

1128

Arends; Hays v. ...................................

1135,1183

Arizona; Wood v ...................................

1147,1180

Arkansas Dept. of Pollution Control and Ecology v. United States 1158

Arnette v. Allstate Ins. Co..............................

1129

Arnold v. Boatmen's Trust Co............................

1148

Arroyo-Angulo v. United States ..........................

1150

Arteaga v. U. S. District Court ........................

1165,1183

Artuz; Thomas v. .....................................

1106

Artuz; Thompson v. ...................................

1106

A. St. P. C. v. B. C.....................................

1128

Asher; Michigan v. ....................................

1102

Ashland Inc. v. Kentucky Revenue Cabinet .................

1103

Atchison, T. & S. F. R. Co.; Locomotive Engineers v........

1141,1187

Atkins v. Singletary ...................................

1165

Atlanta; Parking Assn. of Ga., Inc. v...................

1116,1178

Attar v. United States .................................

1180

Attorney General; American Library Assn. v. ................

1158

Attorney General; Echavarria-Olarte v. .......................

1138

Attorney General v. Koray ..............................

50

Attorney General; Woodall v. ............................

1141

Attorney General of Colo.; Chatfield v......................

1134

Attorney General of La.; Fontan v ........................

1148

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Ix

Page

Attorney General of Mich.; Selin v ........................

1159

Attorney General of Okla.; Tuggle v. ......................

1163

Attorney R v. Mississippi Bar .........................

1144,1178

Attul v. Immigration and Naturalization Service .............

1131

Aurora; Barwick v ....................................

1179

Awofolu, In re .....................................

1157,1183

Aziz v. United States ...............................

1128,1180

Azubuko v. Chief Adult Probation Officer ...................

1119

Azubuko v. Murdoch ...................................

1125

B. v. Stephenson ......................................

1143

Babbitt; Alaska v .....................................

1158

Babbitt v. Environmental Defense Center ..................

1193

Babbitt v. Sweet Home Chapter of Communities for a Great Ore. 687

Baby Richard v. Kirchner ...............................

1152

Badeaux v. United States ...............................

1133

Baez v. Immigration and Naturalization Service .............

1158

Babm v. United States .................................

1105

Bailey v. Hawaii ......................................

1134

Bailey v. United States .................................

1134

Baird; Henderson v. ...................................

1145

Baker v. Sears, Roebuck & Co............................

1153

Baker v. United States ..............................

1108,1168

Balcor Pension Investors V; Wiston XXIV Ltd. Partnership v. .. 1144

Ball v. Gasho ........................................

1144

Banda v. Texas .......................................

1105

Bank One Chicago, N. A. v. Midwest Bank & Trust Co ...... 1157,1186

Barbaris v. United States ...............................

1126

Barlow, In re .....................................

1155,1182

Barnett Bank of Marion County, N. A. v. Gallagher ...........

1190

Barnyak v. Pennsylvania ...............................

1130

Barr v. United States ..................................

1109

Barr Laboratories, Inc. v. Burroughs Wellcome Co .............

1130

Bartlett v. Dragovich ..................................

1125

Barwick v. Aurora ....................................

1179

Basden v. North Carolina ...............................

1152

Baskin-Robbins Ice Cream Co.; Frusher v ..................

1153

Bates v. Walker ......................................

1157

Battle v. United States .................................

1149

Battley; Preblich v ....................................

1163

Baxter; Thomas v. ....................................

1142

Bayou Steel Corp.; Truly v. .............................

1160

B. C.; A. St. P. C.v. ...................................

1128

Beadle v. Tampa ......................................

1152

Bearden, In re .......................................

1179

x

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Beasley; Franklin v ...................................

1174

Beaver; Ruff v ....................................

1167,1180

Beazley v. Georgia State Bar ............................

1131

Becker; Blackston v ...............................

1133,1179

Beckham; Kitchens v ..................................

1124

Beebe v. United States .................................

1167

Behety v. United States ................................

1137

Behrens v. Pelletier ................................

1101,1186

Bell, In re ........................................... 1140

Bell v. North Carolina .................................

1163

Bell v. Washington ....................................

1183

Bell Atlantic Corp.; National Cable Television Assn., Inc. v......

1157

Bellew; Michigan v. ...................................

1152

Bennett v. United States ...............................

1123

Bennis v. Michigan .................................

1121,1186

Benton v. United States ................................

1165

Berg, Jensen v .......................................

1124

Bergmann v. Nieske ................................

1163,1183

Berlin; Sherman v. ....................................

1104

Berry v. Parrish ......................................

1178

Berryman v. Credit Adjusters ...........................

1103

Bess v. Cisneros ......................................

1139

Bethea v. Abramajtys ..................................

1148

Bey v. Bisbee ........................................

1142

Beyer v. Simmons .....................................

1157

B. H. v. Florida .......................................

1132

Bidders Inc.; Jerome v .................................

1146

Bigby v. Texas .......................................

1162

Bilyeu v. Rather ......................................

1105

Bisbee; Bey v. ........................................

1142

Blackston v. Becker ................................
Bland v. United States .................................
Blas v. Charfauros .................................... Blue Cross & Blue Shield Assn. v. Hubbard .................
Boal v. Department of Army ............................ Board of Adjustments of Dallas; Southern Crown, Inc. v........ Board of Bar Examiners of Mass.; Friedman v. ............... Board of Registration in Medicine; Friedman v............... Board of Trustees of Univ. of N. Y.; Fox v................... Boatmen's Trust Co.; Arnold v ...........................

1133,1179 1126 1160 1122 1181 1131 1136 1151 1169 1148

Bolender v. Florida ................................. Bolender v. Singletary .................................

1173,1174 1174

Boothe v. Equifax Credit Information Services ..............

1165

Borg, McCright v .....................................

1119

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

XI

Page

Borg- Orr v. .........................................

1164

Borland International, Inc.; Lotus Development Corp. v. ....... 1191

Borza v. Ambassador Cards .............................

1161

Borza v. Hallmark Cards, Inc............................

1161

Bowersox; Griffin v. ...................................

1154

Boyajian v. Olfacto-Labs ................................

1103

Boyd v. Brown .......................................

1178

Boyden v. Rubin ......................................

1148

Brace v. United States .................................

1158

Brannon v. LaMaina ................................

1106,1179

Branscomb v. Norris ...................................

1109

Brecheen v. Reynolds ..................................

1135

Brecheen v. Ward ..................................

1175,1178

Brennan v. Florida ....................................

1137

Brewer v. Voinovich ...................................

1147

Brigaerts v. Gomez ....................................

1147

Brigano; Evans v .....................................

1134

Bright v. Maryland Division of Correction ..................

1151

Britt; Morrell v. ......................................

1122

Brooks; McEaddy v. ...................................

1125

Brotherhood. For labor union, see name of trade.

Brown, In re ......................................

1120,1185

Brown; Boyd v .......................................

1178

Brown; Ignacio v. ..................................

1125,1180

Brown v. Murray .....................................

1179

Brown; Neal v. .......................................

1178

Brown v. Perrin ......................................

1135

Brown; Roaquin v. ....................................

1165

Brown v. Singletary ...................................

1125

Brown; Sugrue v. .....................................

1102

Brown; Vail v ........................................

1102

Broxton v. Texas .....................................

1145

Brunner v. Cain ......................................

1164

Bud Antle, Inc.; Agricultural Labor Relations Bd. v. ..........

1159

Bud of Cal.; Agricultural Labor Relations Bd. v. .............

1159

Buell v. Ohio .........................................

1105

Bull; Pennsylvania v. ..................................

1141

Burdette v. United States ..............................

1109

Burdine v. Texas .....................................

1107

Burgess v. Georgia ....................................

1133

Burnett v. Cain ......................................

1164

Burns v. Reed .......................................

1145

Burns v. United States ..............................

1105,1149

Burroughs Wellcome Co.; Barr Laboratories, Inc. v ...........

1130

xii

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Burroughs Wellcome Co.; Novopharm, Inc. v................. Burrows v. United States ...............................
Busch v. Nix ...................................... Bush v. Vera .........................................
Bussey v. Owens ...................................... Butler v. Richards ................................. C.; A. St. P. C. v ......................................
C. v. B. C ........................................... Cacioppo, In re .................................... Cades v. H & R Block, Inc............................... Cain; Brunner v ...................................... Cain; Burnett v. ...................................... Cain; Lazzell v .......................................
Cain; Melinie v ....................................... Calderon; Scott v ..................................... Calhoun v. St. Paul Fire & Marine Ins. Co ................... Calhoun v. Washington ................................. Calhoun; Yamaha Motor Corp., U. S. A. v. .................. California; Adams v ...................................
California; Cancel v.................................... California; Freeman v. .............................. California; Harris v. ................................... California; Hopkins v .................................. California; Johnson v. .................................. California; Mason v. ...................................
California; Rodriguez v. ................................ California Workers' Compensation Appeals Bd.; Vohra v .... California Workers' Compensation Appeals Bd.; Wilson v. ... Califorrniaa, In re .................................... Cancel v. California ................................... Candee; Kirkpatrick v. ................................. Cao v. Massachusetts .................................. Capistrano Unified School Dist.; Peloza v. ................... Capitol Indemnity Corp. v. United States ................... Capitol Square Review and Advisory Bd. v. Pinette .......... Capps Trailer Sales; Williams v .......................... Carlisle v. United States ............................... Carlos Torres v. United States ........................... Carothers; Galvan v. ....................................... Carpenter v. United States .............................. Carpino v. Demosthenes ................................
Carr; Litzenberg v .................................... Carrera Seguame v. United States ........................ Carrier v. United States ................................

Page
1130 1168 1133,1180 1172 1131 1136,1180 1128 1128 1120,1182 1103 1164 1164 1163 1147 1105 1104 1146 1186 1135 1125 1149,1180 1123 1107 1123 1179 1164 1146,1180 1104,1178 1153 1125 1106 1146 1173 1144 753 1143 1191 1108 1149 1138 1107 1170 1149 1107

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

xi

Page

Carriere v. Grey Wolf Drilling Co .........................

1152

Carrillo v. Illinois .....................................

1146

Carroll; Smith v ......................................

1147

Carroll v. United States .............................

1150,1180

Carter v. North Carolina ...............................

1107

Casarotto; Doctor's Associates, Inc. v. .....................

1129

Cascade County Sheriff's Dept.; Savoy v ...................

1122

Case Corp.; Gehring v ..................................

1159

Caspari; Wheat v .....................................

1124

Cassanova; Marullo v ..................................

1161

Caulfield v. Commissioner ..............................

1137

Caver v. Gerace ......................................

1144

Cement Division, National Gypsum Co.; Milwaukee v..........

189

Chambers v. Pelfrey ...................................

1116

Chandris, Inc. v. Latsis .................................

347

Chapman v. Abrahamson ...............................

1119

Chapman v. United States ..............................

1108

Charfauros; Blas v ....................................

1160

Chase v. Mississippi ................................

1123,1179

Chatfield v. Norton ....................................

1134

Chawla v. United States ................................

1160

Cheeves v. Southern Clays, Inc...........................

1102

Chesapeake & Potomac Telephone Co. of Va.; United States v... 1157

Chicago; National Paint & Coatings Assn. v .................

1143

Chickasaw Nation; Oklahoma Tax Comm'n v. ...............

450

Chief Adult Probation Officer; Azubuko v. ..................

1119

Children's Home Society of Cal.; Darrah v ..................

1160

Christie v. United States ...............................

1149

Christopher; Haitian Refugee Center, Inc. v. ................

1142

Christopher v. United States ............................

1150

Church of Scientology International; Schwarz v ...........

1146,1180

CIBA Vision Corp.; Martello v ...........................

1161

CIGNA Individual Financial Services Co.; DeBlase v. .........

1104

Circle K Corp.; Solis v .................................

1153

Circuit Court of Ala., Jefferson County; Wilson v. ............

1147

Cisneros; Bess v. .....................................

1139

Citizens Preserving America's Heritage, Inc. v. Harris ........

1155

City. See name of city.

Clark v. O'Sullivan ....................................

1148

Clark v. United States .................................

1138

Clements v. United States ..............................

1183

Cleveland v. United States ..............................

1167

Clinton; Cossett v. ....................................

1128

Clinton v. North Carolina ...............................

1120

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Clouser v. Glickman ................................ Cochran v. Department of Veterans Affairs .................
Colby v. Henniker ..................................... Cole v. Wallace ...................................
Coleman v. Norris ..................................
Coleman v. Scott ...................................... Coleman v. United States ............................... Collin County Community College Dist.; Floyd v. ............
Collins v. Duggan ..................................... Colon v. United States .................................
Colorado; Smith v. .................................... Colorado Dept. of Health; The Mill v....................... Columbia County; Ground Improvement Techniques, Inc. v. Commissioner; Ambassador Manor South v. ................ Comnssioner; Caulfield v. .............................. Commissioner; Downey v ............................... Comnissioner; Home of Faith v .......................... Comnissioner v. Keller ................................ Commissioner v. Lundy ............................. Commissioner; Pierson v. ............................... Commissioner v. Rice .................................. Commissioner v. Schleier ............................... Commissioner v. Schmitz ............................... Commissioner; Warshay v. ............................ Commissioner of Internal Revenue. See Commissioner.

1141,1178 1108 1134
1107,1179 1166,1180
1128 1122 1142 1142 1108 1105 1159 .... .1160 1144 1137 1141
1144 1139 1102,1156 1109 1139 323 1139 1122

Commonwealth. See name of Commonwealth.

Confederated Tribes, Colville Reserv. v. Yakima Indian Nation .. 1102

Connecticut; Green v ..................................

1122

Conner v. Norfolk Southern Corp. ........................

1101

Conner; Sandin v .....................................

472

Connor v. Western Pa. Teamsters & Employees Pension Fund .. 1160

Consolidated Rail Corp.; Erie County v.....................

1122

Consolidated Rail Corp.; New York Bd. of Equal. & Assessment v. 1122

Consolidated Rail Corp.; North Rockland Central School Dist. v. 1122

Containerhouse v. United States .........................

1159

Cooper v. Nash .......................................

1164

Correales-Valencia v. United States .......................

1132

Corrections Commissioner. See name of commissioner.

Corrosion Products, Inc.; Rogers v. .......................

1160

Cossett v. Clinton .....................................

1128

County. See name of county. Cragin Federal Bank; Laird v............................ Crane Co. v. United States ex rel. Rabushka ................
Crawford, In re ...................................

1134 1142 1171,1177

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

xv

Page

Crawford v. Missouri ..................................

1162

Crawford v. Zant .....................................

1137

Credit Adjusters; Berryman v ...........................

1103

Crestar Financial Corp.; Sibay v. ........................

1125,1180

Crewell, In re .....................................

1140,1182

Crikelair, In re ....................................

1171,1182

Cromar v. Irwin ......................................

1165

Crosby v. United States ................................

1108

Crosson; Goetz v. .....................................

1101

Crown Cork & Seal Co. v. Steelworkers ....................

29

Cruz v. United States ..................................

1126

Csoka v. United States .................................

1179

Culinary School of Wash., Ltd.; Jackson v. ..................

1139

Culp v. Wismer & Becker ...............................

1170

Cunningham v. United States ............................

1126

Cupit v. Whitley ......................................

1181

Cutler v. Phillips Petroleum Co...........................

1169

Cuyson; Rogers v .....................................

1147

Danese; Steigman v ...................................

1131

Daniel v. Tampa ......................................

1132

Daniels v. United States ................................

1151

Danielson v. United States ..............................

1138

Darby v. United States .................................

1170

Darrah v. Children's Home Society of Cal ...................

1160

David Lipscomb Univ. v. Steele ..........................

1121

Davis; Ellman v ......................................

1118

Davis v. Ficano .......................................

1144

Davis v. First Worthing Management .....................

1153

Davis v. Government of Virgin Islands .....................

1123

Davis v. Scott ........................................

1165

Dawson v. Thomas ....................................

1163

Dean v. Nebraska .....................................

1123

Deason v. United States ................................

1168

DeBardeleben v. Quinlan ............................

1105,1179

Debham; National Amusements, Inc. v. ....................

1103

DeBlase v. CIGNA Individual Financial Services Co...........

1104

DeCell & Associates, Inc. v. Federal Deposit Ins. Corp.........

1121

De la Rosa v. Scully ...................................

1148

Delaware; Outten v. ...................................

1145

Delaware; Shelton v ...................................

1145

Delo; Griffin v. .....................................

.1138

Delo; McCall v .......................................

1165

Delo; Murray v. ......................................

1136

Delta Airlines, Inc. v. National Union Fire Ins. Co. of Pittsburgh 1131

xvi

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Demosthenes; Carpino v. ...............................

1107

Department of Agriculture; Rowland v. ....................

1158

Department of Army; Boal v ............................

1181

Department of Commerce v. New York City ................

1190

Department of Treasury; Etheridge v......................

1153

Department of Veterans Affairs; Cochran v..................

1108

Department of Veterans Affairs; Marten v...................

1125

Detrex Corp.; Ameast Industrial Corp. v....................

1103

Devcom Mid-America, Inc.; NLFC, Inc. v. ..................

1104

DeWitt v. Wilson .....................................

1170

Dickinson, In re ......................................

1176

Dickinson; Adams v ...................................

1158

Dinice; Moretti v ......................................

1143

Director, Office of Workers' Compensation Programs v. Rambo .. 1139

Director, Office of Workers' Compensation Programs; Stollings v. 1158

Director of penal or correctional institution. See name or title

of director.

District Court. See U. S. District Court.

District Judge. See U. S. District Judge.
Diuguid, In re ..................................... Dixon v. United States ................................. Doctor's Associates, Inc. v. Casarotto ...................... Dodge Correctional Institution; Scott v.....................
Doe v. Kirchner ...................................... Dorman v. United States ............................... Dorsey v. United States ................................ Dortch v. United States ................................ Douglas v. First Security Federal Savings Bank ............. Douglas v. United States ............................... Douglass v. Douglass' Estate ......................... Douglass' Estate; Douglass v .........................
Downey v. Commissioner ...............................

1120,1176 1123 1129 1161 1152 1138 1168 1166 1170 1127
1106,1179 1106,1179
1141

Doyle, In re .........................................

1155

Dragovich; Bartlett v ..................................

1125

Drake Center, Inc.; Rahn v..............................

1142

Drug Enforcement Agency; Smith v. ...................

1128,1180

Duane; Government Employees Ins. Co. v...................

1101

Duenas v. Shalala .....................................

1119

Duggan; Collins v. ....................................

1142

Dusbabek v. National Football League .....................

1137

Duvall v. Santa Monica .................................

1132

Dyal; Shows v. .......................................

1137

Early v. United States .................................

1119

Eastern Mountain Platform Tennis, Inc.; Sherwin-Williams Co. v. 1103

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

xvi

Page

Echavarria-Olarte v. Reno ..............................

1138

Edgerton Sand & Gravel, Inc. v. General Casualty Co. of Vis ... 1161

Edmondson; Tuggle v. .................................

1163

Edwards; Ledbetter v ..................................

1145

Edwards v. United States ...............................

1133

Eggar v. Livingston ...................................

1136

Ekwunife v. United States ..............................

1167

Electrical Workers v. Vikman ............................

1192

Elem; Purkett v ......................................

1170

Elizondo Alvarez v. United States ........................

1109

Ellington v. Superior Court of Cal., Los Angeles County .... 1143,1178

Ellis v. Sennholz ......................................

1104

Ellman v. Davis ......................................

1118

Environmental Defense Center; Babbitt v ..................

1193

Epstein; Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. v. ...........

1141,1187

EEOC v. Francis W. Parker School .......................

1142

Equicor, Inc. v. Lordmann Enterprises, Inc..................

1157

Equifax Credit Information Services; Boothe v ..............

1165

Erie County v. Consolidated Rail Corp .....................

1122

Estate. See name of estate.

Estrella v. Sanders ....................................

1134

Etheridge v. Department of Treasury .....................

1153

Evans, In re .........................................

1155

Evans v. Brigano .....................................

1134

Everette v. Roth ......................................

1163

Ewers, In re .........................................

1177

F.; Rowland v ........................................

1142

Fair v. United States ..................................

1110

Fairchild v. Norris .................................

1134,1182

Faiz v. United States ..................................

1127

Farmer v. Hawk ......................................

1175

Farmers Ins. Co. v. Jabbour .............................

1103

Farr v. White ........................................

1124

Faulkner; Fulton Corp. v ...............................

1156

FCC National Bank; Woods v. ...........................

.1163

Fearance v. Scott ..................................

1138,1153

Fearance v. Texas .....................................

1153

Federal Communications Conm'n; Moser v .................

1161

Federal Deposit Ins. Corp.; Al-Kelani, Inc. v ................

1131

Federal Deposit Ins. Corp.; DeCell & Associates, Inc. v. ........

1121

Federal Deposit Ins. Corp.; O'Malley v. ....................

1130

Federal Mine Safety & Health Rev. Com'n; Kerr-McGee Coal v. 1159

Feit, In re ........................................

1129,1176

Felman, In re ........................................ 1177

xVni

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Fenelon v. U. S. Postal Service ...........................

1170

Fernandez v. United States .............................

1167

Fero v. Kerby ........................................

1122

Ferrell; Stokes v. .....................................

1134

Ficano; Davis v. ......................................

1144

Field v. Mans .....................................

1156,1185

First Fidelity Bank, N. A., N. J.; Hudson v. ..................

1170

First Security Federal Savings Bank; Douglas v..............

1170

First Worthing Management; Davis v. .....................

1153

Fitzgerald v. Mountain States Telephone & Telegraph Co .......

1175

Fitzgerald v. U. S. West Communications, Inc................

1175

Fleschner v. United States ..............................

1174

Flores v. United States .................................

1136

Florida; B. H. v........................................

1132

Florida; Bolender v. ................................

1173,1174

Florida; Brennan v ....................................

1137

Florida; Garcia v. .....................................

1137

Florida; Heath v. .....................................

1162

Florida; Henry v. .....................................

1148

Florida; Jones v ......................................

1147

Florida; Pietri v ..........

...........................

1147

Florida; Thompson v. ..................................

1125

Florida; Todd v. .....................................

1143

Florida Bar; Alper v. ..................................

1145

Florida Bar; Glant v. ..................................

1119

Florida Bar v. Went For It, Inc ...........................

618

Florida Legislature; Monroe v ...........................

1132

Floyd v. Collin County Community College Dist..............

1142

Fontan v. Ieyoub ..................................... 1148

Food & Commercial Workers v. John Morrell & Co............

1105

Ford v. United States ..................................

1150

Fordice; Garlotte v. ....................................

39

Forney v. United States ................................

1168

44 Liquormart, Inc. v. Rhode Island .......................

1186

Foster v. Gilliam ......................................

1301

Fottler v. Ainsworth ...................................

1148

Foutz v. United States .............................

1104,1178

Fox v. Board of Trustees of Univ. of N. Y. ..................

1169

France v. United States ................................

1127

Franchise Tax Bd. of Cal.; Whitsitt v......................1125 Francis W. Parker School; EEOC v........................ Franklin v. Beasley ...................................
Frankum, In re ....................................... Fredericks v. Wright ..................................

1142 1174 1175 1122

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

XlX

Freeman v. California ............................... French; Thompson v. .................................. Friedman v. Board of Bar Examiners of Mass................ Friedman v. Board of Registration in Medicine .............. Friedman v. Shalala ................................... Friedman v. Tolentino ................................. Frusher v. Baskin-Robbins Ice Cream Co. ..................
Frushon v. United States ............................... Fry v. United States ................................... Fuentes v. United States ............................... Fulton Corp. v. Faulkner ............................... Fusilier, In re ..................................... Gallagher; Barnett Bank of Marion County, N. A. v. .......... Gallardo v. United States ............................... Gallego v. United States ................................ Galvan v. Carothers ................................... Gamble v. Terry ...................................... Gamboa Rodriguez v. United States ....................... Gammon; Poe v. ...................................... Ganey v. McDade ..................................... Ganjoo; Phillips v ..................................... Garcia v. Florida ...................................... Garcia-Rico v. United States ............................. Gardner v. United States ............................... Garlotte v. Fordice .................................... Garrett v. Gilless ..................................... Garza v. United States ................................. Gasho; Ball v. ........................................ Gaudin; United States v ................................ Gehring v. Case Corp.................................. General Casualty Co. of Wis.; Edgerton Sand & Gravel, Inc. v
General Electric Capital Corp.; Alley v. ................. General Motors Corp.; Kaliardos v ........................ Genins, In re ........................................ Genoa v. United States ................................. George Washington Univ.; Scales v. ....................... Georgia; Burgess v. ................................... Georgia State Bar; Beazley v ............................ Gerace; Caver v ...................................... Germany v. Zavaras ................................... Getty; Antonelli v. ..................................... Giampa, In re ........................................ Gilbert v. United States .............................. Giles v. Parker ....................................

Page
1149,1180 1189 1136 1151 1127 1160 1153
1109 1107 1102 1156 1155,1185 1190 1110 1128 1149 1179 1108 .1164 1107 1124 1137 1150 1110
39 1143 1110 1144 506 1159 .. 1161
1145,1178 1170 1185 1167 1104 1133 1131 1144 1147 1128 1172
1110,1128 1163,1180

xx

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Gillespie v. United States ...............................

Gilless; Garrett v .....................................

Gilley v. United States .................................

Gilliam; Foster v. .....................................

Gilliam v. Los Angeles .................................

Giraldo v. United States ................................

Glant v. Florida Bar ...................................

Glassman, In re ..........

...........................

Glickman; Clouser v ...............................

Glover v. Mitchell .....................................

Goetz v. Crosson ...................................... Gomez; Brigaerts v. ...................................

Gomez; Jimenez Monteon v. ............................. Gonzales v. United States .............................. Gonzalez v. Ocean County Bd. of Social Services ............. Gonzalez v. United States ............................... Good News/Good Sports Club; School Dist. of Ladue v. ......... Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.; Snead v .....................
Gould, In re ......................................
Gould v. Smith ....................................... Government Employees Ins. Co. v. Duane .................. Government of Virgin Islands; Davis v..................... Governor of Cal.; DeWitt v. ............................. Governor of Cal.; Sylvis v. .............................. Governor of Conn. v. Juan F. ............................
Governor of Miss.; Garlotte v. ................................. Governor of N. C.; Pope v. .............................. Governor of N. C.; Shaw v .............................. Governor of Ohio; Brewer v. ............................ Governor of Ohio v. Quilter ............................. Governor of S. C.; Franklin v ............................ Governor of Tex. v.-Vera ............................... Goynes v. Texas ...................................... Grace & Co. v. West Virginia ............................ Graves v. United States ................................ Gray v. United States .................................. Green v. Connecticut ..................................
Green v. Scott ..................................... Green v. United States ................................. Greenberg, Wolfberg v. ................................ Greene; Zerman v. .................................... Greer v. Landmark Bancshares of Ill., Inc...................
Greer v. Texas ....................................... Grey Wolf Drilling Co.; Carriere v ........................

Page
1145 1143 1127 1301 1106 1136 1119 1185 1141,1178 1107 1101 1147
1134 1119 1129 1110 1173 1178 1156,1182 1121 1101 1123 1170 1135 1142
39 1172 1172 1147 1184 1174 1172 1165 1160 1108 1126 1122 1149,1183 1167 1174 1131 1142 1133 1152

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

xx'

Page

Griffin v. Bowersox ...................................

1154

Griffin v. Delo ........................................

1138

Griffin v. Missouri .....................................

1153

Griffin v. United States ................................

1168

Groose; Vinson v. .....................................

1106

Grossi v. United States .................................

1184

Ground Improvement Techniques, Inc. v. Columbia County ..... 1160

Grumman American Aviation Corp.; Aladdin v. ..............

1104

Guinn v. Hesse .......................................

1162

Gutierrez v. United States ..............................

1151

Gutierrez de Martinez v. Lamagno ........................

417

Gutierrez-Romero v. United States .......................

1133

H. v. Florida .........................................

1132

Haburn v. U. S. District Court ...........................

1148

Haitian Refugee Center, Inc. v. Christopher .................

1142

Haley v. United States .................................

1132

Half-Day v. Perot .....................................

1137

Hallmark Cards, Inc.; Borza v. ...........................

1161

Hammoude v. United States .............................

1128

Hansen v. Midlantic National Bank ........................

1184

Hansen v. Westerville City School Dist., Bd. of Ed ............

1159

Harbin v. Maryland Motor Vehicle Administration ............

1149

Hargett; Pate v........................................

1106

Hargett; Sudduth v. ...................................

1164

Harper v. Ohio .......................................

1104

Harris v. California ....................................

1123

Harris; Citizens Preserving America's Heritage, Inc. v. ........

1155

Harris; Joint School Dist. No. 241 v .......................

1154

Harris v. United States ................................

1110

Harrison v. United States ...............................

1166

Harrison v. Whitley ...................................

1163

Harstad; Lehtinen v ...................................

1121

Hawaii; Bailey v. .....................................

1134

Hawk; Farmer v. .....................................

1175

Hawkins v. United States ...............................

1141

Hayfield v. McIntyre ...................................

1159

Hays v. Arends ....................................

1135,1183

Hays; Louisiana v. ....................................

737

Hays; United States v. .................................

737

Heath v. Florida ......................................

1162

Heaton; Schriro v .....................................

1104

Heiser v. Umbehr .....................................

1172

Heiser; Umbehr v. ....................................

1161

Heisz, In re .........................................

1157

xxII

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Heller v. Steindler ....................................

Henderson v. Baird .................................... Hendry Corp. v. National Council on Compensation Ins .........

Henniker; Colby v. ....................................

Henniker; Homo v. ....................................

Henrich; Scott v ......................................

Henry v. Florida ......................................

Henry v. United States .................................

Hensick; Michigan v ...................................

Herald v. United States ................................

Herbst v. Scott .......................................

Hercules Inc. v. United States ...........................

Herkenhoff, In re .....................................

Hem v. Texas ........................................

Hernandez v. Singletary ................................ Hernandez v. Texas State Bd. of Dental Examiners ...........

Hernandez-Fundora v. United States ......................

Herrera v. Scott ......................................

Herrera v. United States ............................... Herron v. Tennessee Bd. of Regents .......................

Hesse; Guinn v .......................................

Hicks v. Michigan .....................................

Hicks v. Scott ........................................

Hightower v. Thomas ............................... Hiles; Norfolk & Western R. Co. v ........................

Hilgendorf, In re ..................................

Hili v. Hili ..........................................

Hill; Woodall v .......................................

Hinson; Simmons v....................................

Hinte v. Shupe ....................................

Ho v. State Bar of Cal.................................. Hogue v. United Olympic Life Ins. Co ......................

Hollingsworth, In re ...................................

Holloway v. United States ..............................

Holmes v. United States ..................

...

.........

Home of Faith v. Commissioner ..........................

Homo v. Henniker .....................................

Hope v. United States .................................

Hopkins v. California ..................................

Hopkins; Keithley v ...................................

Hoppmann, In re .....................................

Horan; Stow v. .......................................

Horn; Moser v. .......................................

Horton v. Texas ......................................

Page
1163 1145 1103 1134 1146 1159 1148 1110 1143 1167 1148
1158 1139 1105 1107 1141 1127 1119 1110 1102 1162 1124 1137 1162,1183 1191
1129,1176 1153 1146 1121
1106,1179 1103 1103 1119 1169 1167 1144 1146 1132 1107 1163 1172 1137 1181 1136

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

xxi

Page

Howe; Varity Corp. v ..................................

1186

H & R Block, Inc.; Cades v. .............................

1103

Hubbard; Blue Cross & Blue Shield Assn. v. ................

1122

Hubbard v. Lowe .....................................

1183

Hudnall, In re ........................................

1122

Hudson v. First Fidelity Bank, N. A., N. J...................

1170

Hudspeth v. United States ...........................

1105,1179

Hundley v. United States ............................

1109,1180

Hunt; Pope v .........................................

1172

Hunt; Shaw v ........................................

1172

Hunter v. United States .........................

1110,1166,1168

Hurley v. Irish-Am. Gay, Lesbian & Bisexual Group of Boston .. 557

Ieyoub; Fontan v. .....................................

1148

Ignacio v. Brown ..................................

1125,1180

Ilic v. Liquid Air Corp .................................

1119

Illinois; Carrillo v. ....................................

1146

Illinois; J.M.v. .......................................

1155

Illinois v. Salazar .....................................

1116

Illinois; Williams v ....................................

1136

Illinois Racing Bd.; LeRoy v. ............................

1131

Immigration and Naturalization Service; Attul v .............

1131

Immigration and Naturalization Service; Baez v. .............

1158

Immigration and Naturalization Service; Sanidad v ...........

1130

Immigration and Naturalization Service; Young v ............

1161

Indiana; Phelps v .....................................

1105

Ingraham v. United States ..............................

1109

Inn of Miami Airport, Inc. v. Perren-Vibes Music, Inc..........

1143

In re. See name of party.

Intermountain Ranches, Ltd. v. United States ...............

1159

Internal Revenue Service; Regions Bank of La. v. ..............

1142

International. For labor union, see name of trade.

International Ore & Fertilizer Corp.; SGS Control Services, Inc. v. 1122

Interpol; Schwarz v. ................................

1146,1180

Iowa; Schmidt v ..................................

1134

Irish-Am. Gay, Lesbian & Bisexual Group of Boston; Hurley v..

557

Irving; Pursche v ....................................

1134

Irwin; Cromar v. .....................................

1165

Irwin; Pudder v ......................................

1165

Jabbour; Farmers Ins. Co. v. ............................

1103

Jackson, In re ........................................ 1185

Jackson v. Culinary School of Wash., Ltd....................

1139

Jackson v. Jones ......................................

1189

Jackson v. Louisiana ...................................

1124

Jackson v. United States ...............................

1137

xxiv

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Jackson County; McGautha v................................

1133

Jackson Public School Dist.; McCullum v....................

1179

Jacobs, In re ....................................

1139,1178

Jacobs v. Missouri .....................................

1128

Jacobs v. Supreme Court of Mo ........................

1133,1180

Jamerson v. United States .............................. 1149

Jan, In re ........................................

1120,1176

Javidi v. Kaiser Permanente Medical Group, Inc..............

1135

Jeffers v. Lewis ......................................

1187

Jeffers; Lewis v ......................................

1184

Jenkins; Missouri v....................................

70,1139

Jennings v. Reynolds ..................................

1133

Jensen v. Berg .......................................

1124

Jermyn v. Pennsylvania ................................

1126

Jerome v. Bidders Inc ..................................

1146

Jerome v. Satellite Motel ...............................

1146

Jimenez v. Lewis .....................................

1107

Jimenez Monteon v. Gomez ..............................

1134

J. M . v. Illinois .......................................

1155

John Morrell & Co.; Food & Commercial Workers v. ...........

1105

Johnson; Abrams v ....................................

900

Johnson; Alexander v ..............................

1146,1180

Johnson v. California ..................................

1123

Johnson v. Jones ...................................... 304

Johnson; Miller v......................................

900

Johnson; Multnomah County v ...........................

1161

Johnson v. Ohio ......................................

1164

Johnson v. Scott ......................................

1187

Johnson; United States v ...............................

900

Johnson; Ventre v. ....................................

1130

Johnson & Higgins v. Sempier ...........................

1159

Johnston v. United States ...............................

1162

Joint School Dist. No. 241 v. Harris .......................

1154

Jones, In re ......................................... 1120

Jones v. Alabama .....................................

1102

Jones v. Florida ......................................

1147

Jones; Jackson v ......................................

1189

Jones; Johnson v. .....................................

304

Jones v. National Football League ........................

1137

Jones v. North Carolina ............................

1169,1183

Jones v. North Woodland Hills Community Assn ...........

1135,1180

Jones; Pink v. ........................................

1125

Jones v. Roadway Express, Inc.......................

1135,1180

Jones v. United States .................................

1149

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

xxv

Page

Jones v. Young .......................................

1135

Jones, Inc. v. Tuolumne County ..........................

1132

Jordan v. United States ................................

1109

Juan F.; Rowland v. ...................................

1142

Juda v. United States ..................................

1169

Judd, In re ..........................................

1101

Judge, Circuit Court of Md., Harford County; Litzenberg v......

1170

Judge, U. S. Court of Appeals for Third Circuit; Blackston v. . 1133,1179

Justices of Supreme Court of Ind.; Scariano v ...............

1144

Kaiser Permanente Medical Group, Inc.; Javidi v. ............

1135

Kaliardos v. General Motors Corp .........................

1170

Kansas; M. M. v ......................................

1164

Kansas; Unified School Dist. No. 244 v .....................

1144

Kay & Associates, Inc.; Weeks v. .........................

1179

KB's Limited Fine Foods v. United States ..................

1159

Keenum v. Makel .....................................

1125

Keithley v. Hopkins ...................................

1163

Keller; Commissioner v. ................................

1139

Kelley v. Selin .......................................

1159

Kellner, In re ........................................

1177

Kelly, In re .......................................

1171,1185

Kentucky; Anderson v ................................. 1155

Kentucky; Warren v ...................................

1170

Kentucky Revenue Cabinet; Ashland Inc. v .................

1103

Kerby; Fero v. ...................................

1122

Kerr v. Wisconsin .....................................

1102

Kerr-McGee Coal Corp. v. Federal Mine S. & H. Rev. Comm'n .. 1159

KFC Western, Inc.; Meghrig v...........................

1192

Kim v. Virginia ....................................

1165,1183

Kimberlin v. Quinlan ..................................

321

Kimbro v. Velten ............................

.........

1145

King Fisher Marine Service, Inc. v. Perez ..................

1139

Kirchner; Baby Richard v. ..............................

1152

Kirchner; Doe v ......................................

1152

Kirkland v. United States ...............................

1136

Kirkpatrick v. Candee .................................

1106

Kirsch; Martinez-Sandoval v. ............................

1124

Kitchens v. Beckham ..................................

1124

Kitsos, In re .........................................

1175

Kleenwell Biohazard Waste & Ecology Consultants v. Nelson ... 1143

Kline; O'Quinn v. .....................................

1142

Knapp v. Leonardo ....................................

1136

Knights of Columbus Council No. 2961 v. Trumbull ...........

1171

Kohnen, In re .....................................

1177,1182

xxvi

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Koon v. United States .................................
Koray; Reno v. ....................................... Korean Air Lines Co. v. Zicherman .................... Korean Air Lines Co.; Zicherman v .................... Koupal v. Sioux Falls School Dist ......................... Kovac v. United States ................................. K. R. B. v. Stephenson ................................. Kruckel v. United States ...............................
Kyle; Rome v ........................................ Kyong Sik Kim v. Virginia ........................... Labor Union. See name of trade. Laird v. Cragin Federal Bank ........................... Lamagno; Gutierrez de Martinez v. ....................... LaMaina; Brannon v. ............................... Landmark Bancshares of Ill., Inc.; Greer v. ................. Lane v. Singletary .................................... Lathan v. Missouri .................................... Latsis; Chandris, Inc. v. ..................................... Lawson v. Murray ....................................
Lawson v. Vera .......................................
Lazzell v. Cain ....................................... Ledbetter v. Edwards .................................. Lee v. Pruett ........................................ Lee v. United States .................................. Legree v. United States ................................ Lehtinen v. Harstad ...................................
Leisure v. Nuth ...................................... Leonardo; Knapp v. ................................... LeRoy v. Illinois Racing Bd ............................. Leslie v. Long Beach Prosecutor ......................... Levi v. United States .................................. Lewis v. Jeffers ...................................... Lewis; Jeffers v ......................................
Lewis; Jimenez v. .....................................
Lewis v. Scott .......................................
Lida, In re ....................................... Light v. Parkway C-2 School Dist ......................... Lipscomb Univ. v. Steele ............................... Liquid Air Corp.; Ilic v ................................. Litzenberg, In re ..................................... Litzenberg v. Carr .................................... Livingston; Eggar v .................................... Local. For labor union, see name of trade.
Lockett v. Mississippi ...............................

Page
1190 50
1156,1186 1156,1186
1143 1138 1143 1132 1134 1165,1183
1134 417 1106,1179 1142 1163 1125 347 1110 1172 1163 1145 1124 1108 1166 1121 1126 1136 1131 1144 1133 1184 1187
1107
1119 1171,1182
1132 1121 1119 1153 1170 1136
1150,1180

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Xxvii

Lockwood; American Airlines, Inc. v ...................

Page
1121,1182

Locomotive Engineers v. Atchison, T. & S. F. R. Co. ........

1141,1187

Lonchar v. Thomas .............................

1101,1154,1173

Long Beach Prosecutor, Leslie v .........................

1144

Longfellow v. United States .............................

1122

Lopez v. United States .................................

1126

Lordmann Enterprises, Inc.; Equicor, Inc. v. ................

1157

Los Angeles; Gilliam v .................................

1106

Los Angeles Unified School Dist.; Sanders v. ................

1161

Losson v. Losson .....................................

1104

Lotus Development Corp. v. Borland International, Inc.........

1191

Louisiana v. Hays .....................................

737

Louisiana; Jackson v. ..................................

1124

Louisiana; Martin v. ................................

1105,1179

Louisiana v. Mississippi ................................

1185

Louisiana; Texas v ....................................

1184

Louisiana; Walker v ...................................

1165

Louisiana Comm'r of Securities; Amato v. ..................

1144

Louisiana Debating & Literary Assn.; New Orleans v..........

1145

Love v. Pennsylvania ..................................

1126

Love; Sullivan v ......................................

1106

Loving v. United States ................................

1191

Lowe; Hubbard v .....................................

1183

Lowe v. Scott ........................................

1123

Lucas v. Swinson .....................................

1150

Luchirini; McDonald v .................................

1147

Luker v. Akro Corp ....................................

1122

Lundy; Commissioner v. .............................

1102,1156

Lunsford v. United States ..............................

1169

M. v. Illinois .........................................

1155

M. v. Kansas .........................................

1164

MacDonald; Morgan v. ..............................

1148,1180

Mack; Schorn v. ......................................

1164

Macoubrie; Alexander v ................................

1165

Mahn, In re ......................................... 1130

Mahoney v. Mays ..................................... 1157

Maine; Thayer v .......................................

1165

Maiolo, In re .........................................

1140

Maitland v. Mitchell ...................................

1131

Makel; Keenum v.....................................

1125

Mallard Bay Drilling, Inc. v. Watterson ....................

1118

Malone v. United States ................................

1150

Maltby v. Winston .................................

1141,1178

Manarite v. United States ..............................

1158

xxviii

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Mandacina v. United States .............................

1132

Mandanici, In re ......................................

1101

Mann v. Texas .......................................

1118

Mans; Field v................................

1156,1185

Manufacturas Internacionales Ltda v. Manufacturers Hanover

Trust Bank Co......................................

1132

Manufacturers Hanover Trust Bank Co.; Manufacturas Internacio-

nales Ltda v. .......................................

1132

Mari v. United States ..................................

1166

Marian v. Scott .......................................

1129

Mark v. United States ..............................

1149,1180

Markham v. Michigan ..................................

1107

Markman v. Westview Instruments, Inc....................

1192

Marquez-Payares v. United States ........................

1166

Marsoner v. United States ..............................

1132

Martello v. CIBA Vision Corp............................

1161

Marten v. Department of Veterans Affairs ..................

1125

Martin v. Louisiana .................................

1105,1179

Martin v. Peters ...................................

1106,1179

Martin v. Scott .......................................

1135

Martin v. United States ................................

1128

Martinez-Cano v. United States ..........................

1127

Martinez-Sandoval v. Kirsch .............................

1124

Marullo v. Cassanova ..................................

1161

Maryland Division of Correction; Bright v ..................

1151

Maryland Motor Vehicle Administration; Harbin v............1149

Mason v. California ....................................

1179

Mason v. Superior Court of Cal., Los Angeles County .........

1119

Mason v. United States ................................

1153

Massachusetts; National Assn. of Government Employees v. .... 1161

Massachusetts; Thinh Van Cao v..........................

1146

Massey; Scalice v .....................................

1124

Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. v. Epstein .............

1141,1187

Mays; Mahoney v .....................................

1157

McArthur v. Alabama ..................................

1135

McCall v. Delo .......................................

1165

McClinton v. United States .............................

1151

McCotter; Thomas v ................................

1166,1183

McCright v. Borg .....................................

1119

McCullough v. United States .........................

1123,1151

McCullum v. Jackson Public School Dist....................

1179

McDade; Ganey v .....................................

1107

McDonald v. Luchirini .................................

1147

McDonald v. Scott ....................................

1106

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED
McEaddy v. Brooks ................................... McFarland v. United States ............................. McGautha v. Jackson County ............................ McGraw-Hill Cos. v. Procter & Gamble Co .................. McIntyre; Hayfield v. ............................... McNair v. United States ................................ McNeil v. United States ................................ Meghrig v. KFC Western, Inc............................ Mejia-Herrera v. United States .......................... Melinie v. Cain ....................................... Meloncon v. United States .............................. Memphis; Sullivan v. .................................. Mendez v. United States ................................ Meriwether v. Whitley ................................. Metropolitan Stevedore Co. v. Rambo ..................... Micelli, In re ......................................... Michael Q.Jones, Inc. v. Tuolumne County .................. Michigan v. Asher ..................................... Michigan v. Bellew .................................... Michigan; Bennis v ................................. Michigan v. Hensick ................................... Michigan; Hicks v. .................................... Michigan; Markham v. ................................. Midlantic National Bank; Hansen v. ....................... Midwest Bank & Trust Co.; Bank One Chicago, N. A.v. ... Miguel v. United States ................................ Miller v. Johnson ..................................... Miller v. Santa Cruz County ............................. Miller v. State Bar of Cal ............................... Miller v. United States ................................. Miller v. White .................................... Mill, The v. Colorado Dept. of Health ...................... Milwaukee v. Cement Division, National Gypsum Co ........... Mincey v. Thomas .................................. Mine Workers v. Peabody Coal Co......................... Mississippi; Chase v ................................ Mississippi; Lockett v. .............................. Mississippi; Louisiana v. ................................ Mississippi Bar; Attorney R v. ........................ Mississippi Employment Service; Wicks v. .................. Missouri; Crawford v .................................. Missouri; Griffin v .....................................
Missouri; Jacobs v. .................................... Missouri v. Jenkins ...................................

xxix
Page
1125 1107 1133 1309 1159 1166 1108 1192 1133 1147 1128 1143 1168 1106 291 1175 1132 1102 1152 1121,1186 1143 1124 1107 1184 1157,1186 1166 900 1160 1103 1151 1123,1179 1159 189 1147,1180 1119 1123,1179 1150,1180 1185 1144,1178 1131 1162 1153
1128 70,1139

xxx

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Missouri; Lathan v ....................................

1125

Missouri; Willdnson v. .................................

1140

Mrs. Baird's Bakeries, Inc.; Spencer v......................

1178

Mitchell; Glover v. ....................................

1107

Mitchell; Maitland v ...................................

1131

Mitchell v. United States ...............................

1142

Mitchell; Watson v ....................................

1126

M. M. v. Kansas ......................................

1164

Moddon v. Texas ......................................

1145

Mohs; Patterson v......................................

1124

Monroe v. Florida Legislature ...........................

1132

Monroe; Watson v..................................

1106,1179

Monson v. United States ................................

1109

Monteon v. Gomez ....................................

1134

Moore; Adams v ............................

1124,1179,1181,1182

Moore v. New York ...................................

1135

Moran-Leon v. United States ............................

1169

Moreno-Hernandez v. United States .......................

1151

Moretti v. Diice .....................................

1143

Morgan v. MacDonald ...............................

1148,1180

Morrell v. Britt .......................................

1122

Morrell & Co.; Food & Commercial Workers v ................

1105

Morris v. United States ................................

1150

Moser v. Federal Communications Comm'n .................

1161

Moser v. Horn ........................................

1181

Mosley; Reedom v .....................................

1164

Mountain States Telephone & Telegraph Co.; Fitzgerald v.......

1175

MountainWest Financial v. Visa U. S. A. Inc.................

1152

MountainWest Financial Corp. v. Visa U. S. A. Inc.............

1152

Muhammad, In re ..................................... 1176

Muina, In re .........................................

1157

Multnomah County v. Johnson ...........................

1161

Muraski, In re .......................................

1156

Murdoch; Azubuko v...................................

1125

Murphy v. Angelone ...................................

1150

Murphy; Stewart v. ...................................

1106

Murphy v. United States ...............................

1144

Murray; Brown v .....................................

1179

Murray v. Delo .......................................

1136

Murray; Lawson v.....................................

1110

Murray; Quesinberry v.................................

1145

Muscatell v. United States ..............................

1162

Musslewhite v. State Bar of Tex..........................

1103

M/V Sky Reefer; Vimar Seguros y Reaseguros, S. A. v. ....... 528

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

X=X

Nash; Cooper v. ...........................................

Page

.... 1164

National Amusements, Inc. v. Dedham .....................

1103

National Assn. of Certified Fraud Examiners; Society of Financial

Examiners v .......................................

1103

National Assn. of Government Employees v. Massachusetts .... 1161

National Cable Television Assn., Inc. v. Bell Atlantic Corp...... 1157

National Council on Compensation Ins.; Hendry Corp. v........

1103

National Environmental Services Co. v. Tracer Research Corp... 1187

National Football League; Dusbabek v. ....................

1137

National Football League; Jones v ........................

1137

NLRB; America's Best Quality Coatings Corp. (ABQC) v.......

1158

National Paint & Coatings Assn. v. Chicago .................

1143

National Private Truck Council, Inc. v. Oklahoma Tax Comm'n.. 582

National Union Fire Ins. Co. of Pittsburgh; Delta Airlines, Inc. v. 1131

NationsBank; Shumate v................................

1161

NCNB Corp.; Shumate v. ............................

1104,1178

Neal v. Brown ...............................

........

1178

Neal v. United States ..................................

1141

Nebraska; Dean v. ....................................

1123

Nebraska v. Wyoming .................................

1

Nelson; Kleenwell Biohazard Waste & Ecology Consultants v. .. 1143

Nelson v. United States ................................

1109

Nemelka v. United States ...............................

1105

NESCO v. Tracer Research Corp. ........................

1187

Netherland v. Tuggle ..................................

951

Netherland; Tuggle v ..................................

1188

Newberry; Riley v ....................................

1168

Newby v. United States ................................

1167

New Jersey; Abdul-Alim v ...................................

1106

New Jersey v. New York ...............................

1130

New Orleans v. Louisiana Debating & Literary Assn...........

1145

New York; Moore v. ...................................

1135

New York; New Jersey v ................................

1130

New York; Oklahoma v. ................................

1190

New York v. Reyes ....................................

1152

New York City; Department of Commerce v ................

1190

New York City; Wisconsin v. ............................

1190

New York State Bd. of Equalization and Assessment v. Conrail 1122

Nichols v. United States ................................

1109

Nidiffer v. United States ...............................

1151

Nieske; Bergmann v. ...............................

1163,1183

Nintendo of America, Inc.; Sheng v .......................

1107

Nix; Busch v. .....................................

1133,1180

NLFC, Inc. v. Devcom Mid-America, Inc....................

1104

xxx

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Noel v. White ........................................

1147

Norfolk Southern Corp.; Conner v. ...........................

1101

Norfolk Southern R. Co. v. North Carolina R. Co..............

1130

Norfolk & Western R. Co. v. Hiles ........................

1191

Norris; Branscomb v ....................................

1109

Norris; Coleman v..................................

1166,1180

Norris; Fairchild v ................................

1134,1182

North Carolina; Basden v. ..............................

1152

North Carolina; Bell v .................................

1163

North Carolina; Carter v ...............................

1107

North Carolina; Clinton v ...............................

1120

North Carolina; Jones v ............................

1169,1183

North Carolina v. Pendleton .............................

1121

North Carolina; Robinson v .............................

1135

North Carolina; Rose v .................................

1135

North Carolina R. Co.; Norfolk Southern R. Co. v .............

1130

North Rockland Central School Dist. v. Consolidated Rail Corp. 1122

North Star Steel Co. v. Thomas ..........................

29

North Woodland Hills Community Assn.; Jones v. ..........

1135,1180

Norton; Chatfield v . ...................................

1134

Novopharm, Inc. v. Burroughs Wellcome Co..................

1130

Nuclear Regulatory Comm'n; Young v......................

1119

Nunez-Carreon v. United States ..........................

1126

Nuth; Leisure v ......................................

1126

Nwanze v. Woody .....................................

1135

Ocean County Bd. of Social Services; Gonzalez v ..............

1129

Office of Hearings and Appeals, SSA; Whittlesey v............

1119

Office of Personnel Mgmt., Retirement Oper. Ctr.; Rattler v.....

1148

Offner, In re....................................

1120,1176

Ohio; Buell v.......................................

1105

Ohio; Harper v .......................................

1104

Ohio; Johnson v. ......................................

1164

Ohio; Scudder v . .....................................

1164

Oklahoma v. New York .................................

1190

Oklahoma; Stafford v ..................................

1173

Oklahoma Tax Comm'n v. Chickasaw Nation ................

450

Oklahoma Tax Comm'n; National Private Truck Council, Inc. v. 582

Okoro v. United States .................................

1119

Okpala v. U. S. Customs Service ..........................

1125

Olfacto-Labs; Boyajian v. ...............................

1103

Olivas-Rivera v. United States ...........................

1137

Oliveras-Perez v. United States ..........................

1110

Olsen, In re ......................................

1171,1185

O'Malley v. Federal Deposit Ins. Corp ......................

1130

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

xxx

O'Quinn v. Kline ............................... Orange County; Pintor v. ...................................

Page
....... 1142
1123

Oriakhi v. West ......................................

1146

Orr v. Borg .........................................

1164

Ortiz-Reynel v. United States ...........................

1109

Ortman, In re ...................................

1176

Osborne v. Power ..........................

1143

O'Sullivan; Clark v ................................

1148

Outten v. Delaware ...................................

1145

Owens; Bussey v. ..................................

1131

Owens-Corning Fiberglas Corp. v. Rekdahl ..............

1189,1192

Page v. Angelone .....................................

1146

Page v. Pung ........................................ 1164

Palermo v. United States ............................... Palmisano, In re ...................................... Parker; Giles v ....................................

1133 1183 1163,1180

Parker School; Equal Employment Opportunity Comm'n v. ...... 1142

Parking Assn. of Ga., Inc. v. Atlanta ...................

1116,1178

Parks; Wanless v. .....................................

1165

Parkway C-2 School Dist.; Light v. .......................

1132

Parrish; Berry v. .....................................

1178

Pate v. Hargett .......................................

1106

Patten v. United States ................................

1132

Patterson v. Mohs .....................................

1124

Pattullo v. Resolution Trust Corp. ........................

1158

Peabody Coal Co.; Mine Workers v. ....................... Peck, In re ..........................................
Pelfrey; Chambers v. .................................. Pelletier; Behrens v ................................ Peloza v. Capistrano Unified School Dist....................

1119 1172 1116 1101,1186 1173

Peltier, In re ........................................

1188

Pefia; Adarand Constructors, Inc. v .......................

200

Pendergrass v. United States ............................

1127

Pendleton; North Carolina v. ............................

1121

Pennsylvania; Barnyak v. ...............................

1130

Pennsylvania v. Bull ...................................

1141

Pennsylvania; Jernyn v ................................

1126

Pennsylvania; Love v ..................................

1126

Pennsylvania; Peterkin v ...............................

1137

Pennsylvania; Young v. .....................................

1136

Penry v. Texas .......................................

1304

Perez; King Fisher Marine Service, Inc. v ..................

1139

Perez-Aguilera v. United States ..........................

1145

Perot; Half-Day v. ....................................

1137

xxxIv

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Perren-Vibes Music, Inc.; Inn of Miami Airport, Inc. v .........

1143

Perrin; Brown v ......................................

1135

Perrin v. United States ................................

1126

Perry v. United States .................................

1168

Perryman v. Prado ....................................

1179

Peterkin v. Pennsylvania ...............................

1137

Peters; Albanese v.....................................

1188

Peters; Martin v ...................................

1106,1179

Petrarca; Things Remembered, Inc. v. .....................

1187

Phelps v. Indiana .....................................

1105

Phillips v. Ganjoo .....................................

1124

Phillips Petroleum Co.; Cutler v..........................

1169

Pierce v. Pierce ...................................... 1160

Pierson v. Commissioner ...............................

1109

Pietri v. Florida ......................................

1147

Pinette; Capitol Square Review and Advisory Bd. v. ..........

753

Pink v. Jones ........................................ 1125

Pintor v. Orange County ...............................

1123

Poe v. Gammon .......................................

1164

Pompano Beach; Yardarm Restaurant, Inc. v. ...............

1144

Poole v. Wood ........................................

1134

Pope v. Hunt ........................................

1172

Poplawski v. United States ..............................

1109

Porat v. United States .................................

1154

Postmaster General; Price v. ............................

1170

Postmaster General; Sedor v ............................

1123

Postmaster General; Williams v .......................

1123,1179

Potts, In re ..........................................

1140

Powell v. United States ................................

1190

Power; Osborne v. ....................................

1143

Prado; Perryman v ....................................

1179

Preblich v. Battley ....................................

1163

Price v. Runyon ......................................

1170

Pri-Har v. United States ...............................

1138

Pritzker, In re .......................................

1155

Prive v. United States .................................

1138

Procter & Gamble Co.; McGraw Hill Cos. v .................

1309

Proffit v. United States ................................

1127

Pruett; Lee v.........................................

1124

Prunty v. Rogers .....................................

1162

Pudder v. Irwin ...................................... 1165

Pung, Page v ........................................

1164

Purkett v. Elem ......................................

1170

Pursche v. Irving .....................................

1134

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

xxxv

Page

Quesinberry v. Murray .................................

1145

Quilter; Voinovich v. ...................................

1184

Quinlan; DeBardeleben v. ............................

1105,1179

Quinlan; Kimberlin v................................

321

Rabushka; Crane Co. v. ................................

1142

Rahn v. Drake Center, Inc..............................

1142

Raineri v. United States ................................

1126

Raitport, In re ........................................

1130

Rambo; Director, Office of Workers' Compensation Programs v. 1139

Rambo; Metropolitan Stevedore Co. v. ....................

291

Ramires v. United States ...............................

1137

Ramos v. United States ................................

1105

Randle v. Scott....................................... 1108

Rather; Bilyeu v. ..................................... 1105

Rattler v. Office of Personnel Mgmt., Retirement Oper. Ctr. .... .1148

Reavis v. United States ................................

1151

Rector and Visitors of Univ. of Va.; Rosenberger v. ...........

819

Reece v. United States .................................

1108

Reed; Burns v. .......................................

1145

Reed v. Shelby County Government .......................

1133

Reed v. United States .................................

1128

Reedom v. Mosley .................................

1164

Reeves v. AcroMed Corp...............................

1104

Regions Bank of La. v. Internal Revenue Service ............

1142

Rekdahl; Owens-Corning Fiberglas Corp. v .............

1189,1192

Renfroe v. United States ...............................

1166

Reno; American Library Assn. v .........................

1158

Reno; Echavarria-Olarte v...........................

1138

Reno v. Koray .......................................

50

Reno; Woodall v...................................... 1141

Resolution Trust Corp.; Pattullo v ........................

1158

Resolution Trust Corp.; Solomon v. .......................

1158

Resolution Trust Corp.; Volges v .........................

1162

Reyes; New York v. ................................... 1152

Reynolds; Brecheen v. .............................

1135

Reynolds; Jennings v ..................................

1133

Rhode Island; 44 Liquormart, Inc. v.......................

1186

Rhode Island Hospital Trust; Amaral v. ......................

1119

Rice; Commissioner v. .................................

1139

Rice v. United States ..................................

1168

Richards; Butler v. .................................

1136,1180

Richardson v. Texas ...................................

1162

Riggins v. Washington .................................

1163

Riley v. Newberry ....................................

1168

xxxVI

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Riley; Texas v ........................................

1137

Roadway Express, Inc.; Jones v .......................

1135,1180

Roaquin v. Brown .....................................

1165

Roberts v. Singletary ...............................

1133,1179 1155,1185

Robinson v. North Carolina Robertson, ............................. In re ................................... 1135

Robinson v. Scott ..................................... 1150 1162

Rodriguez v. California Robison ................................. v. Texas ..................................... 1164

Rodriguez v. Texas .................................... 1307 ............................. 1108

Rodriguez v. United States 1137

Rogers, In re ........................................

Products, Inc.........................

1160

Rogers v. Cuyson .................................... Rogers v. Corrosion 1147

Rogers; Prunty v .....................................

1162

Rogers v. United States ................................

1126

Roland v. Stalder....................................1153
Rome v. Kyle....................................... Romero v. Tansy ..................................... Romero v. Thomson Newspapers (Wis.), Inc................. Ronayne v. United States ............................... Rosa Behety v. United States ............................ Rosario v. United States ............................... Rose v. North Carolina ................................. Rosenberger v. Rector and Visitors of Univ. of Va ............. Rosenblum, In re ..................................... Rosengarden, In re ....................................
Ross, In re .......................................... Ross v. United States ................................. Roth; Everette v...................................... Routly v. Singletary .................................. Rowland v. Department of Agriculture .................... Rowland v. Juan F....................................

1134
1131 1168 1137 1149 1135 819 1176 1140 1176 1132 1163 1166 1158 1142

Rubin; Boyden v ....................................... Ruff v. Beaver ...................................

1167,1180

Runyon; Price v...................................1170 Runyon; Sedor v .................................. Runyon; Williams v.................................. Russell v. United States ................................ Rutledge v. United States .............................. Ryder v. United States ................................. Sabini v. United States ................................. Sacred Heart Hospital of Pensacola; Williamson v ............ Sag Harbor Union Free School Dist. Bd. of Ed.; Silano v ........

1123 1123,1179
1138 1157 177 1149 1131 1160

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

xxxvii

St. Paul Fire & Marine Ins. Co.; Calhoun v ................. Salazar; Illinois v ..................................... Saldana v. United States ............................... Saleh v. United States ................................. Samuel-Bey v. United States ............................ Sanders; Estrella v. ................................... Sanders v. Los Angeles Unified School Dist.................. Sandin v. Conner ..................................... Sanidad v. Immigration and Naturalization Service ........... Santa Cruz County; Miller v. ............................
Santa Monica; Duvall v. ................................ Santiago v. United States ............................... Sargent v. United States ............................... Satellite Motel; Jerome v. ................................... Sato, In re .......................................
Sattiewhite v. Scott ................................... Savoy v. Cascade County Sheriff's Dept .................... Scales v. George Washington Univ ........................ Scalice v. Massey ..................................... Scariano v. Justices of Supreme Court of Ind ................. Schleier; Commissioner v ............................... Schmidt v. Iowa ...................................... Schmitz; Commissioner v ............................... School Dist. of Ladue v. Good News/Good Sports Club ........ Schorn v. Mack .......................................
Schriro v. Heaton ..................................... Schwarz v. Church of Scientology International ........... Schwarz v. Interpol ................................ Scott v. Calderon ..................................... Scott; Coleman v. ..................................... Scott; Davis v. ....................................... Scott v. Dodge Correctional Institution .................... Scott; Fearance v .................................. Scott; Green v. ....................................
Scott v. Henrich ...................................... Scott; Herbst v. ...................................... Scott; Herrera v ...................................... Scott; Hicks v. ....................................... Scott; Johnson v ...................................... Scott; Lewis v. ....................................... Scott; Lowev. ....................................... Scott; Marian v. ......................................
Scott; Martin v. ...................................... Scott; McDonald v. ....................................

Page
1104 1116 1107 1159 1166 1134 1161 472 1130 1160
1132 1162 1149 1146 1130,1183 1178 1122 1104 1124 1144 323 1134 1139 1173 1164 1104 1146,1180 1146,1180 1105 1128 1165 1161 1138,1153 1149,1183 1159 1148 1119 1137 1187 1119 1123 1129 1135 1106

xxxvEII

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Scott; Randel v. ...................................... 1108 1150 Scott; Sattiewhite v.................................... Scott; Robinson v...................................... 1178 Scott v. Singletary .................................... 1145 Scott; Spencer v...................................... 1148 Scott; Stuart v........................................ 1146 Scott v. United States ............................... 1109,1151

Scott; Viges v........................................1147 Scottde vOhio ...................................... 1164

Scully; De la Rosa v.................................... .1148 1175

Sealy, In re .........................................

Sears, Roebuck & Co.; Baker v. .......................... 1153

Secretary of Agriculture; Clouser v.................... 1141,1178 Human Services; Duenas v............ 1119

Secretary of Health and Secretary Human Services; of Health Friedman and v.......... 1127

Secretary of Housing and Urban Development; Bess v.......... 1139 v........................... 1158

Secretary of Interior v. Secretary Environmental of Interior; Defense Alaska Center ........ 1193

Secretary of Interior v. Sweet Home Chap., Communities for Great 687

Ore.............................................

1156

C.; Fulton Corp. v ................

Secretary of State; Haitian Secretary Refugee of Revenue Center, Inc. of N. v............. 1142

Secretary of Transportation; Adarand Constructors, Inc. v...... 200

Secretary of Veterans Affairs; Boyd v......................... 1178

Secretary of Veterans Affairs; Ignacio v................. 1125,1180 Roaquin v................... 1165

Secretary of Veterans Affairs; Secretary Sugrue v. of ................... Veterans Affairs; 1102

Secretary of Veterans Affairs; Vail v ...................... 1102 1123

Seguame v. United States .............................. Sedor v. Runyon ..................................... 1149

Selin; Kelley v ....................................... 1159

Sempier; Johnson & Higgins v ........................... 1159 Amsden v..................... 1169

Sennholz; Ellis v. ..................................... Senate Judiciary Committee; 1104

Seven Falls Co.; Wilton v ............................... 277

Sevey v. Angelone .................................... 1136

SGS Control Services, Inc. v. International Ore & Fertilizer Corp. 1122

Shalala; Duenas v. ....................................

1119
1127

Sharp, In re ......................................... Shalala; Friedman v ................................... 1175

Shaw v. Hunt ........................................ 1172 Reed v....................... 1133

Shelton v. Delaware ................................... Shelby County Government; 1145

Sheng v. Nintendo of America, Inc........................ 1107

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

XXXlx

Page

Sherman v. Berlin ....................................

1104

Sherwin-Williams Co. v. Eastern Mountain Platform Tennis, Inc. 1103

Short v. United States .................................

1168

Shorter v. United States ................................

1108

Shows v. Dyal ........................................

1137

Shreve, In re ........................................

1129

Shumate v. NationsBank ...............................

1161

Shumate v. NCNB Corp. ...........................

1104,1178

Shupe; Hinte v.....................................

1106,1179

Sibay v. Crestar Financial Corp ........................

1125,1180

Sikand Engineering Associates; Vohra v. ................

1123,1179

Sik Kim v. Virginia .................................

1165,1183

Silano v. Sag Harbor Union Free School Dist. Bd. of Ed........

1160

Silva v. United States ..................................

1189

Simmons; Beyer v. ....................................

1157

Simmons v. Hinson .................................... 1121

Singletary; Atkins v. ..................................

1165

Singletary; Bolender v .................................

1174

Singletary; Brown v. ..................................

1125

Singletary; Hernandez v. ...............................

1107

Singletary; Lane v ....................................

1163

Singletary; Roberts v ...............................

1133,1179

Singletary; Routly v. ..................................

1166

Singletary; Scott v ....................................

1145

Singletary; White v ...................................

1170

Sioux Falls School Dist.; Koupal v ........................

1143

Sledge v. Tennessee ...................................

1123

Smith, In re ......................................

1140,1175

Smith v. Carroll ......................................

1147

Smith v. Colorado .....................................

1105

Smith v. Drug Enforcement Agency ....................

1128,1180

Smith; Gould v ....................................... 1121

Smith v. South Carolina ................................

1126

Smith; Tearl v. .......................................

1109

Smith v. United States ..............................

1150,1166

Smithtown v. Walz ....................................

1131

Smollen v. United States ...............................

1121

Snavely, In re ........................................ 1153

Snead v. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co ......................

1178

Snyder, In re ........................................ 1101

Society of Financial Examiners v. National Assn. of Certified

Fraud Examiners ...................................

1103

Solimine, In re .......................................

1128

Solis v. Circle K Corp. .................................

1153

XL

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Solomon v. Resolution Trust Corp ......................... Soto-Olivas v. United States ............................. South Carolina; Smith v ................................ Southern Clays, Inc.; Cheeves v. ......................... Southern Crown, Inc. v. Board of Adjustment of Dallas ........
Sowecke; Tilli v. .................................. Sparrow v. United States ............................... Speaker Pro Tem., Ohio House of Representatives; Voinovich Spencer v. Mrs. Baird's Bakeries, Inc......................
Spencer v. Scott ...................................... Spencer v. United States ............................... Spivak, In re ........................................ Spradley v. W hite .....................................
Spychala, In re ....................................... Stafford v. Oklahoma .................................. Stafford v. Ward ...................................... Stalder; Roland v ..................................... Stark v. United States ................................. Starley v. United States ................................

1158 1127 1126 1102 1131 1162,1183 1136 v. 1184 1178 1148 1149 1140 1169 1141 1173 1173 1153 1167 1108

State. See also name of State.

State Bar of Cal.; Ho v. ................................

1103

State Bar of Cal.; Miller v ..............................

1103

State Bar of Tex.; Musslewhite v .........................

1103

Steele; David Lipscomb Univ. v. .............................

1121

Steelworkers; Crown Cork & Seal Co. v. ...................

29

Steigman v. Danese ...................................

1131

Steindler; Heller v ....................................

1163

Stephen v. Zulfacar ...................................

1164

Stephenson; K. R. B. v. .................................

1143

Stern, In re .............

1140

Stevens v. Wisconsin ..................................

1102

Stewart v. Murphy ....................................

1106

Stockton v. Angelone ...............................

1187,1189

Stokes v. Ferrell ...................................... 1134

Stollings v. Director, Office of Workers' Compensation Programs 1158

Stow v. Horan ........................................

1137

Strickland v. Walker ...................................

1167

Stuart v. Scott .......................................

1146

Sudduth v. Hargett ....................................

1164

Sugrue v. Brown .....................................

1102

Sullivan v. Love ......................................

1106

Sullivan v. Memphis ................................

1143

Summers v. Welborn ..................................

1164

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

xu

Page
Superintendent of penal or correctional institution. See name or

title of superintendent.

Superior Court of Cal., Los Angeles County;, Ellington v ... 1143,1178

Superior Court of Cal., Los Angeles County; Mason v ......... 1119

Supreme Court of Mo.; Jacobs v .......................

1133,1180

Swain v. Virginia ..................................

1124,1179

Sweet Home Chapter of Communities for a Great Ore.; Babbitt v. 687

Swinson; Lucas v .....................................

1150

Swisher v. Texas Workers' Compensation Comm'n ............

1129

Sylvis v. Wilson ......................................

1135

Tabas v. Tabas ....................................... 1118

Tabas v. United States .................................

1172

Tache, In re .........................................

1177

Taitano v. United States ................................

1138

Tampa; Beadle v .....................................

1152

Tampa; Daniel v ......................................

1132

Tansy; Romero v......................................

1148

Tearl v. Smith ........................................

1109

Tennessee; Sledge v ...................................

1123

Tennessee Bd. of Regents; Herron v. ......................

1102

Territory. See name of Territory.

Terry; Gamble v ......................................

1179

Texas; Banda v. ......................................

1105

Texas; Bigby v .......................................

1162

Texas; Broxton v. .....................................

1145

Texas; Burdine v. .....................................

1107

Texas; Fearance v. ....................................

1153

Texas; Goynes v ......................................

1165

Texas; Greer v .......................................

1133

Texas; Hern v. .......................................

1105

Texas; Horton v ......................................

1136

Texas v. Louisiana ....................................

1184

Texas; Mann v. .......................................

1118

Texas; Moddon v. .....................................

1145

Texas; Penry v .......................................

1304

Texas; Richardson v ...................................

1162

Texas v. Riley ........................................

1137

Texas; Robison v. .....................................

1162

Texas; Rodriguez v....................................

1307

Texas; Tobias v. ...................................

1126,1180

Texas; Vaughn v. .....................................

1189

Texas State Bd. of Dental Examiners; Hernandez v. ..........

1141

Texas Workers' Compensation Comm'n; Swisher v. ...........

1129

Thayer v. Maine ......................................

1165

XLII

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Page

Things Remembered, Inc. v. Petrarca ..................... Thinh Van Cao v. Massachusetts .........................
Thomas v. Artuz ...................................... Thomas v. Baxter .....................................
Thomas; Dawson v. .........................................
Thomas; Hightower v ..............................
Thomas; Lonchar v. ............................... Thomas v. McCotter ................................ Thomas; Mincey v. ................................. Thomas; North Star Steel Co. v .......................... Thomas v. United States ............................... Thomas v. Zimmerman ................................. Thompson v. Artuz .................................... Thompson v. Florida ................................... Thompson v. French ................................... Thomson Newspapers (Wis.), Inc.; Romero v ................. Thrower, In re ....................................... Tilli v. Sowecke ................................... Tobias v. Texas .................................... Todd v. Florida ....................................... Tolentino; Friedman v. ................................. Torres v. United States .............................

1187 1146 1106 1142
1163
1162,1183
1101,1154,1173 1166,1183 1147,1180 29 1136 1124 1106 1125 1189 1131 1177 1162,1183 1126,1180 1143 1160 1108,1167

Town. See name of town.

Tracer Research Corp.; National Environmental Services Co. v.. 1187

Tracer Research Corp.; NESCO v.........................

1187

Truly v. Bayou Steel Corp...............................

1160

Trumbull; Knights of Columbus Council No. 2961 v ............

1171

Tschuor v. United States ...............................

1128

Tuggle v. Edmondson ..................................

1163

Tuggle v. Netherland ..................................

1188

Tuggle; Netherland v ..................................

951

Tuolumne County; Michael Q.Jones, Inc. v. .................

1132

Turner v. United States .........................

1104,1166,1178

Umbehr v. Heiser .....................................

1161

Umbehr; Heiser v ......................................

1172

Unified School Dist. No. 244 v. Kansas .....................

1144

Union. For labor union, see name of trade.

United. For labor union, see name of trade.

United Olympic Life Ins. Co.; Hogue v.....................

1103

United States. See name of other party. U. S. Customs Service; Okpala v. ......................... U. S. District Court; Arteaga v. ...................... U. S. District Court; Haburn v ........................... U. S. District Court; Williams v ..........................

1125 1165,1183
1148 1162

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

XTn

Page

U. S. District Judge; Perryman v .........................

1179

U. S. Postal Service; Fenelon v. ..........................

1170

U. S. West Communications, Inc.; Fitzgerald v...............

1175

Upper Arlington v. Vittitow .............................

1121

Vail v. Brown ........................................

1102

Valenteen v. United States ..............................

1127

Van Cao v. Massachusetts ...............................

1146

Varity Corp. v. Howe ..................................

1186

Vasquez v. United States ...............................

1151

Vaughn v. Texas ......................................

1189

Velasquez v. United States ..............................

1169

Velten; Kimbro v .....................................

1145

Ventre v. Johnson .....................................

1130

Vera; Bush v. ........................................

1172

Vera; Lawson v. ......................................

1172

Vera; United States v. .................................

1172

Verdone, In re ....................................... 1101

Vernonia School Dist. 47J v. Acton ........................

646

Vey, In re ....................................

1120,1157,1170

Viges v. Scott ........................................

1147

Vikman; Electrical Workers v. ...........................

1192

Vila v. United States ..................................

1169

Villot v. United States ..............................

1127

Vimar Seguros y Reaseguros, S. A. v. MIV Sky Reefer ........

528

Vinson v. Groose ..................................... 1106

Virginia; Kyong Sik Kim v ...........................

1165,1183

Virginia; Swain v ..................................

1124,1179

Virginia; Williams v ...................................

1161

Virgin Islands; Davis v. ................................

1123

Visa U. S. A. Inc.; MountainWest Financial v ................

1152

Visa U. S. A. Inc.; MountainWest Financial Corp. v............

1152

Visintine, In re .......................................

1128

Vittitow; Upper Arlington v. ............................

1121

Vohra v. California Workers' Compensation Appeals Bd...... 1146,1180

Vohra v. Sikand Engineering Associates .................

1123,1179

Voinovich; Brewer v. ..................................

1147

Voinovich v. Quilter ...................................

1184

Volges v. Resolution Trust Corp ..........................

1162

Wade v. United States .................................

1127

Wagner, In re ........................................

1101

Waldemer v. United States ...........................

1151,1180

Walker; Bates v ......................................

1157

Walker v. Louisiana ...................................

1165

Walker; Strickland v. ..................................

1167

XLIV

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Walker v. United States ................................
Wallace; Cole v ..................................... Wallace v. Wallace ................................. Walsh v. United States .................................
Walz; Smithtown v .................................... Wang v. United States ................................. Wanless v. Parks ..................................... Ward; Alexander v ................................ Ward; Brecheen v. ................................. Ward; Stafford v...................................... Ward v. United States .................................
Warden. See name of warden. Warren v. Kentucky ................................... Warshay v. Commissioner ...............................
Warter, In re ..................................... Washington, In re ..................................
Washington; Bell v .................................... Washington; Calhoun v. ................................. Washington; Riggins v. ................................. Washington v. United States ............................ Washpun v. United States .............................. Watson v. Mitchell .................................... Watson v. Monroe .................................. Watterson; Mallard Bay Drilling, Inc. v ..................... Webster v. United States ...............................
Weeks, In re ...................................... Weeks v. Kay & Associates, Inc........................... Weinstein v. Weinstein .................................
Welborn; Summers v...................................
Welch v. Welch ....................................... Wellington Trade Inc. v. United States .................... Went For It, Inc.; Florida Bar v. .........................
West; Oriakhi v. ...................................... Western Pa. Teamsters & Employees Pension Fund; Connor Westerville City School Dist., Bd. of Ed.; Hansen v............ Westview Instruments, Inc.; Markman v.................... West Virginia; W. R. Grace & Co. v........................
Wexler v. United States ................................ Wheat v. Caspari .....................................
Wheeler, In re .................................... Wheeler v. United States ...............................
White; Farr v. ....................................... White; Miller v. ...................................
White; Noel v. .......................................

Page
1150 1107,1179 1107,1179
1127 1131 1137 1165 1163,1180 1175,1178 1173 1136
1170 1122 1129,1176 1140,1185 1183 1146 1163 1151 1127 1126 1106,1179 1118 1151 1120,1176 1179 1146 1164 1162 1159
618 1146 v... 1160 1159 1192 1160 1150 1124 1171,1185 1110 1124 1123,1179 1147

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

XLV

Page

White v. Singletary ............................

....... 1170

White; Spradley v. ...................................

1169

Whitehair, In re .....................................

1155

Whitley; Cupit v. ..........................................

1181

Whitley; Harrison v ................................

1163

Whitley; Meriwether v......................................

1106

Whitsitt v. Franchise Tax Bd. of Cal .......................

1125

Whittlesey v. Office of Hearings and Appeals, SSA ...........

1119

Wicks v. Mississippi Employment Service ..................

1131

Wilkins v. United States ................................

1167

Wilkinson v. Missouri ..................................

1140

Williams v. Capps Trailer Sales ..........................

1143

Williams v. Illinois ....................................

1136

Williams v. Runyon .................................

1123,1179

Williams v. United States ...............................

1169

Williams v. U. S. District Court ..........................

1162

Williams v. Virginia ...................................

1161

Williamson v. Sacred Heart Hospital of Pensacola ............

1131

Williamson v. United States .............................

1150

Willis v. United States .................................

1145

Wilson, In re ........................................

1153

Wilson v. California Workers' Compensation Appeals Bd. ... 1104,1178

Wilson v. Circuit Court of Ala., Jefferson County .............

1147

Wilson; DeWitt v .....................................

1170

Wilson; Sylvis v ......................................

1135

Wilton v. Seven Falls Co ................................

277

W'mdheim,In re ......................................

1129

Winston; Maltby v. .................................

1141,1178

Wisconsin; Kerr v. ....................................

1102

Wisconsin v. New York City .............................

1190

Wisconsin; Stevens v. ..................................

1102

Wismer & Becker; Culp v. ..............................

1170

Wiston XXIV Ltd. Partnership v. Balcor Pension Investors V .. 1144

Witte v. United States .................................

389

Wolfberg v. Greenberg .................................

1174

Wood v. Arizona ...................................

1147,1180

Wood; Poole v. .......................................

1134

Woodall v. Hill .......................................

1146

Woodall v. Reno ......................................

1141

Woods v. FCC National Bank ............................

1163

Woods v. United States ................................

1168

Woody; Nwanze v. ....................................

1135

W. R. Grace & Co. v. West Virginia .......................

1160

Wright; Fredericks v ..................................

1122

XLVI

TABLE OF CASES REPORTED

Wright v. United States ................................ Wu v. United States ................................... Wyoming, Nebraska v. ................................. Yakima Indian Nation; Confederated Tribes, Colville Reserv. Yamaha Motor Corp., U. S. A. v. Calhoun ................... Yardarm Restaurant, Inc. v. Pompano Beach ................ Yonkers v. United States ............................... York v. United States ..................................
Young, In re ......................................... Young v. Immigration and Naturalization Service ............
Young; Jones v ....................................... Young v. Nuclear Regulatory Comm'n ..................... Young v. Pennsylvania ................................. Young v. United States ................................. Zant; Crawford v ..................................... Zavaras; Germany v. ..................................
Zerman v. Greene ..................................... Zicherman v. Korean Air Lines Co..................... Zicherman; Korean Air Lines Co. v .................... Zimmerman; Thomas v. ................................ Zulfacar; Stephen v. ...................................

Page
1110 1167
1
v. 1102 1186 1144 1157 1108 1140 1161 1135 1119 1136 1169 1137 1147 1131
1156,1186 1156,1186
1124 1164

ORDERS FOR MAY 30 THROUGH SEPTEMBER 29, 1995

MAY 30, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-1139. GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES INSURANCE CO. ET AL. v. DUANE. C. A. 4th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 513 U.S. 1189.] Writ of certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.1.

Miscellaneous Orders

No. ---.

CONNER V. NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORP. ET AL.

Motion to direct the Clerk to file petition for writ of certiorari

out of time denied.

No. --

GOETZ ET AL. V. CROSSON ET AL.; and

No.

LONCHAR v. THOMAS, WARDEN. Motions for

leave to proceed informapauperiswithout affidavits of indigency

executed by petitioners denied.

No. D-1537. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WAGNER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1061.]
No. 94-1244. BEHRENS V. PELLETIER. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 514 U. S. 1035.] Motion of respondent for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis granted. Motion for appointment of counsel granted, and it is ordered that Samuel T. Rees, Esq., of Los Angeles, Cal., be appointed to serve as counsel for respondent in this case.

No. 94-8631. IN RE JUDD. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. See this Court's Rule 39.8.
Petitioner is allowed until June 20, 1995, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit a petition in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.

No. 94-1745. No. 94-8700. mus denied.

IN RE MANDANICI; and IN RE VERDONE. Petitions for writs of manda-

No. 94-8706. denied.

IN RE SNYDER.

Petition for writ of prohibition 1101

1102

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 30, 1995

515 U.S.

CertiorariGranted
No. 94-1785. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE V. LUNDY. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 856.

CertiorariDenied No. 93-9026. STEVENS V. WISCONSIN. Sup. Ct. Wis. Certio-
rari denied. Reported below: 181 Wis. 2d 410, 511 N. W. 2d 591.
No. 93-9237. KERR V. WISCONSIN. Sup. Ct. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 181 Wis. 2d 372, 511 N. W. 2d 586.
No. 94-78. MICHIGAN V. ASHER. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 203 Mich. App. 621, 513 N. W, 2d 144.
No. 94-1317. SUGRUE v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 8.
No. 94-1320. VAIL ET AL. v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 208.
No. 94-1334. ALEx v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1203.
No. 94-1412. FUENTES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 565.
No. 94-1540. CHEEVES ET AL. V. SOUTHERN CLAYS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 326.
No. 94-1567. CONFEDERATED TRIBES OF THE COLVILLE RESERVATION V. YAKIMA INDIAN NATION ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 481 and 43 F. 3d 1284.
No. 94-1625. HERRON v. TENNESSEE BOARD OF REGENTS ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1388.
No. 94-1626. JONES v. ALABAMA. Ct. Crim. App. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 662 So. 2d 299.

ORDERS

1103

515 U. S.

May 30, 1995

No. 94-1627. SOCIETY OF FINANCIAL EXAMINERS V. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF CERTIFIED FRAUD EXAMINERS ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 223.
No. 94-1630. NATIONAL AMUSEMENTS, INC. v. TOWN OF DEDHAM. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 731.
No. 94-1632. CADES v. H & R BLOCK, INC., ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 869.
No. 94-1636. BOYAJIAN ET AL. V. OLFACTo-LABS ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1638. Ho v. STATE BAR OF CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1640. SHERWIN-WILLIAMS Co. v. EASTERN MOUNTAIN PLATFORM TENNIS, INC. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 492.
No. 94-1655. MILLER V. STATE BAR OF CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1656. FARMERS INSURANCE CO., INC. V. JABBOUR. Sup. Ct. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1657. HOGUE ET AL. V. UNITED OLYMPIC LIFE INSURANCE CO. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 98.
No. 94-1658. AMCAST INDUSTRIAL CORP. ET AL. v. DETREX CORP. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 155.
No. 94-1661. ASHLAND INC. V. KENTUCKY REVENUE CABINET. Ct. App. Ky. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 888 S. W. 2d 701.
No. 94-1662. MUSSLEWHITE v. STATE BAR OF TEXAS. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 942.
No. 94-1663. BERRYMAN ET UX. V. CREDIT ADJUSTERS. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1670. HENDRY CORP. ET AL. V. NATIONAL COUNCIL ON COMPENSATION INSURANCE. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 70.

1104

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 30, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-1671. SCALES V. GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1031.
No. 94-1672. SHUMATE v. NCNB CORP. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1468.
No. 94-1680. WILSON V. CALIFORNIA WORKERS' COMPENSATION APPEALS BOARD ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1075.
No. 94-1698. SCHRIRo, DIRECTOR, MSSOURI DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. v. HEATON ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1176.
No. 94-1699. ALADDIN, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS ADMINISTRATRIX OF THE ESTATE OF ALADDIN, DECEASED, ET AL. v. GRUMMAN AMERICAN AVIATION CORP. ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1115.
No. 94-1708. NLFC, INC. v. DEVCOM Mm-AERICA, INC. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 231.
No. 94-1710. ELLIS V. SENNHOLZ. Ct. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1713. HARPER V. OHIO. Ct. App. Ohio, Montgomery County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1727. CALHOUN V. ST. PAUL FIRE & MARINE INSURANCE CO. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 668.
No. 94-1730. LOSSON ET VIR V. LOSSON. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1144.
No. 94-1733. TURNER, AKA FOUTZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 900.
No. 94-1746. DEBLASE ET AL. V. CIGNA INDIVIDUAL FINAN-
CIAL SERVICES Co. ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1754. REEVES v. ACROMED CORP. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 300.
No. 94-1773. SHERMAN v. BERLIN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1506.

ORDERS

1105

515 U. S.

May 30, 1995

No. 94-1788. BURNS v. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 430.

No. 94-1793. SMITH V. COLORADO. Ct. App. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 888 P. 2d 305.

No. 94-1803. UNITED FOOD & COMMERCIAL WORKERS INTERNATIONAL UNION, AFL-CIO, ET AL. V. JOHN MORRELL & CO. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1302.

No. 94-1810. NEMELKA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1020.

No. 94-7580. BAxm v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 62.

No. 94-7789. DEBARDELEBEN V. QUINLAN ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8009. BUELL V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 70 Ohio St. 3d 1211, 639 N. E. 2d 110.

No. 94-8265. HERN v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 892 S. W, 2d 894.

No. 94-8273. HUDSPETH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1015.

No. 94-8279. RAMOS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1217.

No. 94-8379. MARTIN v. LOUISIANA. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 645 So. 2d 190.

No. 94-8511. BANDA V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 890 S. W, 2d 42.

No. 94-8690. SCOTT v. CALDERON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1188.

No. 94-8692. PHELPS V. INDIANA. Ct. App. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 644 N. E. 2d 953.

No. 94-8693. BILYEU V. RATHER ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 536.

1106

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 30, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-8698. MCDONALD v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DE-
PARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION.
C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8705. DOUGLASS v. ESTATE OF DOUGLASS. Sup. Ct. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8709. GILLIAM v. COUNTY OF Los ANGELES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1505.
No. 94-8712. MARTIN V. PETERS ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8714. MERIWETHER V. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 664.
No. 94-8720. SULLIVAN v. LOVE, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE
CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT HUNTINGDON, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8723. STEWART V. MURPHY ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 641.
No. 94-8725. BRANNON v. LAMAINA; and HINTE V. SHUPE. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 659 A. 2d 227 (first case); 651 A. 2d 788 (second case).
No. 94-8733. VINSON v. GROOSE, SUPERINTENDENT, JEFFERSON CITY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 54 F. 3d 781.
No. 94-8734. WATSON V. MONROE, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8738. KIRKPATRICK v. CANDEE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 426.
No. 94-8740. THOMAS, AKA THOMPSON v. ARTUz, SUPERINTENDENT, GREEN HAVEN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8742. ABDUL-ALIM v. NEW JERSEY ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1484.
No. 94-8747. PATE v. HARGETT, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 670.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

May 30, 1995

No. 94-8749. HOPKINs v. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8758. GLOVER V. MITCHELL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8759. GANEY v. McDADE. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1164.
No. 94-8761. SHENG v. NINTENDO OF AmERicA, INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari demled. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1007.
No. 94-8775. WALLACE, AKA COLE v. WALLACE. A~Ip. Ct. Ill., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 263 Ill. App. 3d 1130, 683 N. E. 2d 552.
No. 94-8789. BURDINE v. TExAs. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 901 S. W. 2d 456.
No. 94-8799. CARTER v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 338 N. C. 569, 451 S. E. 2d 157.
No. 94-8823. CARPINO v. DEMOSTHENES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1504.
No. 94-8905. MARKHAM V. MICHIGAN. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8957. FRY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1403.
No. 94-8966. SALDANA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 427.
No. 94-8981. McFARLAND v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1508.
No. 94-8982. JIMENEZ v. LEWIS, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 436.
No. 94-9011. HERNANDEZ V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 668.
No. 94-9013. CARRIER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1132.

1108

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 30, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-9014. YORK V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-9045. YORK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 425. No. 94-9018. McNEIL v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1128. No. 94-9019. LEE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 323. No. 94-9020. COCHRAN v. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 5. No. 94-9021. BAKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 432. No. 94-9023. GRAVES V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-9046. CARLOS TORRES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 1423. No. 94-9025. REECE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 426. No. 94-9026. STARLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1148. No. 94-9032. CHAPMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1189. No. 94-9033. SHORTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 127.
No. 94-9034. RANDLE V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 221.
No. 94-9035. GAMBOA RODRIGUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 117.
No. 94-9037. COLON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1134.
No. 94-9039. CROSBY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 430.

ORDERS

1109

515 U. S.

May 30, 1995

No. 94-9040. BRANSCOMB V. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 258.
No. 94-9041. MONSON, AKA BARR v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-9050. FRUSHON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1147.
No. 94-9051. HUNDLEY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1463.
No. 94-9054. SCOTT v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 431.
No. 94-9056. POPLAWSKI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 42.

No. 94-9058. ORTIZ-REYNEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 429.

No. 94-9062. NICHOLS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1137.
No. 94-9064. JORDAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 732.
No. 94-9069. PIERSON V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1396.
No. 94-9070. NELSON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1147.
No. 94-9072. INGRAHAM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1171.

No. 94-9077. BURDETTE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 430.
No. 94-9079. ELIZONDO ALVAREZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 426.
No. 94-9082. TEARL V. SMITH, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1217.

1110

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 30, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-9084. WRIGHT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1349.
No. 94-9094. WHEELER ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1167.
No. 94-9099. GONZALEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 531.
No. 94-9101. HENRY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 17.
No. 94-9102. HARRIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 11.
No. 94-9103. FAIR v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9104. GARZA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 251.
No. 94-9105. HUNTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1162.
No. 94-9106. HERRERA ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1158.
No. 94-9111. OLIVERAS-PEREZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1148.
No. 94-9119. GILBERT v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1147.
No. 94-9120. GALLARDO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 424.
No. 94-9123. GARDNER v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 362.
No. 94-1450. LAWSON ET AL. V. MURRAY ET AL. Sup. Ct. N. J. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 138 N. J. 206, 649 A. 2d 1253.
JUSTICE SCALIA, concurring. Last Term's decision in Madsen v. Women's Health Center,Inc., 512 U. S. 753 (1994), has damaged the First Amendment more quickly and more severely than I feared. In this case the New Jersey courts asserted the power to enjoin residential picketing

ORDERS

1110

SCALIA, J., concurring

by antiabortion demonstrators that was explicitly found to have been peaceful and in violation of no state statute or rule of common law. It is one thing for the courts to enforce by injunction a general, content-neutral state law (civil or criminal) against all residential picketing, or to enjoin particular individuals from continuing residential picketing that they have conducted in an unlawful manner (e.g., with the accompaniment of violence). It is quite another thing for the courts to enjoin particular individu-
als from conducting lawful residential picketing that they have conducted in a lawful manner in the past. That is an unconstitutional prior restraint.
Respondents are Elrick Murray, an obstetrician-gynecologist who performs abortions, and his wife. The two petitioners planned a demonstration at respondents' residence on Sunday, January 20, 1991. On the appointed day, they and 56 other picketers met two policemen near respondents' house; received instruction from the policemen in basic picketing protocol; and were escorted to the sidewalk running in front of respondents' house and 10 neighboring houses. The protesters, carrying signs, walked in a single-file loop on the sidewalk past respondents' house; the picketing lasted about an hour, and "[n]o instances of trespass, violence or disorderly conduct were reported." App. to Pet. for Cert. 90a (App.).
In February 1991, respondents filed suit against petitioners and
others in state court, seeking damages and injunctive relief for various common-law torts: invasion of privacy (including interference with the use and enjoyment of respondents' residence), intentional infliction of emotional distress, interference with contractual relations, and others. The Chancery Division of the trial court entered a temporary restraining order. After a hearing on
the merits, the trial court denied respondents damages on the ground that respondents had not made out any of their tort
claims. See id., at 92a-97a. The court then went on to make the following rulings, which converted the proceeding from a tort suit for damages and injunctive relief into a proceeding for imposition of a judicial prior restraint:
"In addition to these claims, this court must also consider equitable principles when determining the appropriateness of injunctive relief.
"Plaintiffs have a privacy interest irrespective of their
potential tort claim....

1112

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

SCAIA, J., concurring

515 U. S.

"It can operate to limit First Amendment rights, even where the intrusion is not tresspatory [sic] or otherwise obstructed.
"The Court of equity has the inherent authority to balance that interest against First Amendment rights.
"In other words, this court does not accept defendants' position that no injunction can issue unless a crime or an expressed tort has been committed." Id., at 97a (emphases added; citations omitted).
The court then "balanced" the equities and, on the strength of Frisby v. Schultz, 487 U. S.474 (1988), found that respondents' interests in residential privacy justified an injunction restraining "defendants and all persons in active concert or participation with them . . .from picketing in any form .. . within 300 feet" of respondents' home. App. 106a.
The Appellate Division and the New Jersey Supreme Court affirmed. When petitioners sought certiorari we granted their petition, vacated the judgment, and remanded for reconsideration in light of our decision in Madsen. See Lawson v. Murray, 513 U. S. 802 (1994). On remand, the New Jersey Supreme Court affirmed the trial court's injunction in part and modified it in part. The court acknowledged (as it had stated even more clearly in its first opinion) that the injunction was "not imposed to remedy unlawful conduct," 138 N. J. 206, 225, 649 A. 2d 1253, 1263 (1994), but rejected petitioners' claim that the injunction therefore constituted an invalid prior restraint. In the alternative, the court relied on an asserted "captive audience" exception to the prior restraint doctrine. See id., at 226, 649 A. 2d, at 1263.
Although I dissented in Madsen, I do not believe that the opinion for the Court in that case "approve[d] issuance of an injunction against speech.., even when there has been found no violation, or threatened violation, of a law." 512 U. S., at 804 (SCAIA, J., dissenting) (emphasis in original). To the contrary, the Court did obeisance to the venerable principle that "[i]njunctions . . . are remedies imposed for violations (or threatened violations) of a legislative or judicial decree," id., at 764 (citing United States v. W. T Grant Co., 345 U. S.629 (1953)), no matter how little that principle was honored in application. See also 512 U. S., at 765 ("[I]njunctions ...afford more precise relief than a statute where a violation of the law has already occurred"); id., at 765, n. 3

ORDERS

1110

SCALIA, J., concurring

("Under general equity principles, an injunction issues only if there is a showing that the defendant has violated, or imminently will violate, some provision of statutory or common law, and that there is a cognizable danger of recurrent violation") (internal quotation marks omitted).
The Federal Constitution does not, of course, directly require that an injunction issue only in such circumstances. But where injunctions that prohibit speech are concerned, the Free Speech and Free Press Clauses of the First Amendment impose that requirement indirectly. All speech-restricting injunctions are prior restraints in the literal sense of "'administrative and judicial
orders forbidding certain communications when issued in advance
of the time that such communications are to occur."' Alexander v. United States, 509 U. S. 544, 550 (1993) (emphasis deleted). Precedent shows that a speech-restricting "injunction" that is not issued as a remedy for an adjudicated or impending violation of law is also a prior restraint in the condemnatory sense, that is, a
prior restraint of the sort prohibited by the First Amendment. In Organizationfor a Better Austin v. Keefe, 402 U. S. 415
(1971), the state courts enjoined the petitioner from distributing literature or picketing anywhere within the city limits, on the
same ground that the New Jersey courts expressed here: "[T]he public policy of the [State] strongly favored protection of the privacy of home and family" from the speech activities. Cf. 138 N. J., at 224, 649 A. 2d, at 1263 ("[T]he injunction was entered pursuant to the [trial] court's authority to grant equitable relief
to enforce a valid public policy of this State" protecting residential privacy). We held the injunction to be an unconstitutional prior
restraint, reasoning that "the injunction operates, not to redress alleged private wrongs, but to suppress [speech] on the basis of previous publications." 402 U. S., at 418-419 (emphasis added). Keefe relied on Near v. Minnesota ex rel. Olson, 283 U. S. 697 (1931), the foundation case in this area, where we struck down
a state-court order that enjoined a newspaper from publishing malicious, scandalous, or defamatory material. We found the order to be an unconstitutional prior restraint, observing that the
statute that authorized the order "is not aimed at the redress of individual or private wrongs," id., at 709, and that "the object of the statute is not punishment, ... but suppression," id., at 711. See also id., at 715; Hirsh v. Atlanta, 495 U.S. 927 (1990) (STEVENS, J., concurring in denial of stay) (distinguishing injunc-

1114

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

SCALIA, J., concurring

515 U. S.

tive relief against "a class of persons who have persistently and repeatedly engaged in unlawful conduct" from "a naked prior restraint against... a group that did not have a similar history of illegal conduct").
The very episode before us illustrates the reasons for this distinction between remedial injunctions and unconstitutional prior restraints. The danger that speech-restricting injunctions may serve as a powerful means to suppress disfavored views is obvious enough even when they are based on a completed or impending violation of law. Once such a basis has been found, later speech may be quashed, or not quashed, in the discretion of a single official, who necessarily knows the content and viewpoint of the speech subject to the injunction; the injunction is enforceable through civil contempt, a summary process without the constitutional protection of a jury trial; and the only defense available to the enjoined party is factual compliance with the injunction, not unconstitutionality, see In re Fetmeister, 95 N. J. 431, 445, 471 A. 2d 775, 782 (1984); In re Carton, 48 N. J. 9, 16, 222 A. 2d 92, 96 (1966). But the threat to the First Amendment becomes positively alarming when violation of the law is not even a necessary prelude to this expansive discretion-when the defendant's prior speech (and proposed future speech) has been expressly found not to constitute a crime or common-law tort, and the only basis for the injunction is a nebulous "public policy" of the State enforced by an inherent equitable power. See 138 N. J., at 225, 649 A. 2d, at 1263. This is by definition a policy of enjoining in advance speech that the State does not punish after the factthat is to say, a policy narrowly tailored to nothing but the suppression of lawful speech. And even that damning assessment assumes, of course, that such a "public policy" even exists in state law, which is highly questionable here. The New Jersey courts have given equitable relief against residential picketing not violative of state law only in this case and another recent case involving abortion protesters. See Boffard v. Barnes, 136 N. J. 32, 642 A. 2d 338 (1994).* The temptation in cases involving issues of
*In K-T Marine, Inc. v. Dockbuilders Local Union 1456, 251 N. J. Super.
107, 597 A. 2d 540 (1991), the Appellate Division affirmed an injunction against residential picketing by a union. There, however, the injunction issued because the trial judge found that "tortious activity . . . had taken place and would continue unless the court interceded." Id., at 110, 597 A. 2d, at 542.

ORDERS

1115

1110

ScAUA, J., concurring

social controversy-precisely the cases where the First Amendment's protections are most needed-will always be for judges to discern a "policy" against whatever-speech-looks-bad-at-themoment.
Even our Madsen decision was, as I read it, unwilling to invite such consequences by cutting prior-restraint doctrine loose from the requirement that injunctions be remedial. The priorrestraint argument advanced by petitioners in that case was summarily rejected in a footnote with the observation that
"[n]ot all injunctions that may incidentally affect expression . . . are 'prior restraints' . . . . Here petitioners are not prevented from expressing their message in any one of several different ways; they are simply prohibited from expressing it within the .. .zone [covered by the injunction]. Moreover, the injunction was issued not because of the content of petitioners' expression, ... but because of their prior unlawful conduct." Madsen, 512 U. S., at 764, n. 2 (emphasis added).

The New Jersey Supreme Court read this footnote to mean that even an injunction not imposed to remedy or prevent unlawful conduct may nonetheless be valid, depending on an assessment of "factors" such as content neutrality and availability of alternative
channels of communication. See 138 N. J., at 221-226, 649 A. 2d, at 1261-1263. But such factors determine the validity of subsequent restraints, see, e. g., Simon & Schuster, Inc. v. Members of
N. Y State Crime Victims Bd., 502 U. S.105, 116 (1991); Ward v. Rock Against Racism, 491 U.S. 781, 791 (1989), and to make them conclusive of the validity of prior restraints as well would destroy the doctrine that prior restraints are specially disfavored,
see Pattersonv. Colorado ex rel. Attorney Generalof Colo., 205 U. S.454, 462 (1907) (Holmes, J.); Nebraska PressAssn. v. Stuart, 427 U. S. 539, 598 (1976) (Brennan, J., concurring in judgment).
The presence of such validating factors is a necessary and sufficient condition for the constitutionality of a subsequent punishment, but merely a necessary condition for the constitutionality
of a prior restraint, which requires in addition that it be remedial. It is improper to attribute a different meaning to the ambiguous Madsen footnote, which after all appeared in an opinion that elsewhere purported to honor the requirement that speech-
restricting injunctions be remedial.

1116

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 30, 1995

515 U. S.

The principal ground for the decision below, then, does not apply Madsen but expands it, and contracts the First Amendment pari passu. I think it of vital importance that Madsen quickly be limited to what it said, rather than what it did. I nonetheless do not vote to grant certiorari here, for two reasons: The alternative ground for the court's decision (existence of a "captive audience" exception to the doctrine of prior restraint), while a highly questionable basis for a discretionary injunction power, presents no clear conflict with the decisions of other courts and could prevent us from reaching the Madsen issue. And clarification of Madsen is in any event unlikely to occur in another case involving the currently disfavored class of antiabortion protesters. Accordingly, I concur in the denial of certiorari.
No. 94-1498. ILLINOIS v. SALAZAR. Sup. Ct. Ill. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed informapauperisgranted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 162 Ill. 2d 513, 643 N. E. 2d 698.
No. 94-1652. CHAMBERS ET AL. V. PELFREY. C. A. 6th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1034.
No. 94-1532. PARKING ASSOCIATION OF GEORGIA, INC., ET AL. V. CITY OF ATLANTA, GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 764, 450 S. E. 2d 200.
JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE O'CONNOR joins, dissenting.
Motivated by a desire to improve the attractiveness of its downtown region, the Atlanta City Council passed an ordinance requiring certain existing surface parking lots to include landscaped areas equal to at least 10% of the paved area and to have at least one tree for every eight parking spaces. The ordinance covers some 350 parking lots; petitioners estimate that compliance with the landscaping requirements will cost approximately $12,500 per lot, for a total of $4,375,000. Additionally, parking lot owners will lose revenue due to lost parking spaces and lost advertising dollars: The trees allegedly will obscure existing advertising signs and cause petitioners to lose contracts worth about $1,636,000.
Petitioners sought injunctive and declaratory relief on the ground that the Atlanta ordinance was an uncompensated taking of property in violation of the Fifth Amendment. The state trial

ORDERS

1117

1116

THOMAS, J., dissenting

court ruled in favor of the city. In a divided opinion, the Supreme Court of Georgia affirmed. 264 Ga. 764, 450 S. E. 2d 200 (1994). The court held that the ordinance was neither a physical nor a regulatory taking. The court relied on Agins v. City of Tiburon, 447 U. S. 255 (1980), to conclude that the ordinance was constitutional because it "advances legitimate governmental interests and leaves the plaintiffs with an economically viable use in their property." 264 Ga., at 766, n. 3, 450 S. E. 2d, at 203, n. 3. The court distinguished Dolan v. City of Tigard, 512 U. S. 374 (1994), which requires a showing of rough proportionality between the conditions imposed and the impact of the owner's development, on the ground that although the city of Tigard had not made an "'individualized determination that the required dedication is related both in nature and extent to the impact of the development,'" 264 Ga., at 766, n. 3, 450 S. E. 2d, at 203, n. 3 (quoting Dolan, supra,at 391), the city of Atlanta had made a "legislative determination" with regard to many landowners, 264 Ga., at 766, n. 3, 450 S. E. 2d, at 203, n. 3, thus placing this case outside the
reach of Dolan. The lower courts are in conflict over whether Dolan's test for
property regulation should be applied in cases where the alleged taking occurs through an Act of the legislature. In addition to the court below, at least one other court has relied upon the "legislative" character of state action to conclude that Dolan was inapposite and that the less stringent Agins standard should be applied. See Harrisv. Wichita, 862 F. Supp. 287, 294 (D. Kan. 1994). Other courts, however, have applied Dolan to cases involving alleged legislative regulatory takings. In Trimen Development Co. v. King Cty., 124 Wash. 2d 261, 877 P. 2d 187 (1994), the Washington Supreme Court applied Dolan to an ordinance similar to the one at issue here. A King County Council ordinance required that developers seeking to build housing either dedicate land for public parks or pay a fee. Despite the fact that the ordinance was clearly a "legislative enactment," the court applied Dolan's rough proportionality test. 124 Wash. 2d, at 274, 877 P. 2d, at 194. See also Manocherianv. Lennox Hill Hospital, 84 N. Y. 2d 385, 393, 643 N. E. 2d 479, 483 (1994), cert. denied, 514 U. S. 1109 (1995) (applying Dolan to alleged legislative taking).
It is hardly surprising that some courts have applied Dolan's
rough proportionality test even when considering a legislative enactment. It is not clear why the existence of a taking should

1118

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 30, 1995

515 U. S.

turn on the type of governmental entity responsible for the taking. A city council can take property just as well as a planning commission can. Moreover, the general applicability of the ordinance should not be relevant in a takings analysis. If Atlanta had seized several hundred homes in order to build a freeway, there would be no doubt that Atlanta had taken property. The distinction between sweeping legislative takings and particularized administrative takings appears to be a distinction without a constitutional difference.
Although Dolan purports to be an exception to Agins, the logic of these two cases appears to point in different directions. The lower courts should not have to struggle to make sense of this
tension in our case law. In the past, the confused nature of some of our takings case law and the fact-specific nature of takings
claims has led us to grant certiorari in takings cases without the existence of a conflict. See Dolan, supra,at 383 (observing that certiorari was granted because the Oregon Supreme Court allegedly had misapplied Nollan v. California Coastal Comm'n, 483 U. S. 825 (1987)). Where, as here, there is a conflict, the reasons for granting certiorari are all the more compelling.
Because the petition poses a substantial federal question concerning regulatory takings and because there is confusion in the lower courts, I would grant certiorari.
No. 94-1629. TABAS ET AL. v. TABAS ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir.
Motion of American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1280.

No. 94-1649. ELLMAN V. DAVIS, WARDEN. C. A. 2d Cir. Motion of the parties to defer consideration of petition for writ of certiorari denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d
144.

No. 94-1743. MALLARD BAY DRILLING, INC., ET AL. V. WATTERSON. Ct. App. La., 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. JusTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 649 So. 2d 431.
No. 94-9443 (A-908). MANN v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1119

515 U. S.

May 30, June 5, 1995

Rehearing Denied
No. 94-1240. WHITTLESEY V. OFFICE OF HEARINGS AND APPEALS, SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION, 514 U. S. 1063;
No. 94-1376. ILIC v. LIQUID AIR CORP., 514 U. S. 1064; No. 94-1459. DUENAS v. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, 514 U. S. 1051; No. 94-7436. McCRIGHT v. BORG, WARDEN, 514 U.S. 1020; No. 94-7959. OKORO v. UNITED STATES, 514 U. S. 1027; No. 94-8006. MASON V. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, Los ANGELES COUNTY, 514 U. S. 1053; No. 94-8097. YOUNG v. NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION ET AL., 514 U. S. 1068; No. 94-8137. IN RE HOLLINGSWORTH, 514 U.S. 1062; No. 94-8140. AMARAL V. RHODE ISLAND HOSPITAL TRUST ET AL., 514 U. S. 1055; No. 94-8160. LEWIS v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, 514 U. S. 1069; No. 94-8186. AZUBUKO V. CHIEF ADULT PROBATION OFFICER ET AL., 514 U. S. 1070;
No. 94-8376. EARLY v. UNITED STATES, 514 U. S. 1075; No. 94-8425. GLANT V. FLORIDA BAR, 514 U. S. 1086; and No. 94-8568. CHAPMAN V. ABRAHAMSON, WARDEN, 514 U. S. 1077. Petitions for rehearing denied.

JUNE 5, 1995
CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 94-1398. UNITED MINE WORKERS OF AMERICA, AFL-CIO v. PEABODY COAL Co. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of North Star Steel Co. v. Thomas, ante, p. 29. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 850.

Miscellaneous Orders

No. ---

. HERRERA V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TExAS DEPART-

MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION; and

No.

. GONZALES V. UNITED STATES. Motions to direct

the Clerk to file petitions for writs of certiorari out of time denied.

1120

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 5, 1995

515 U. S.

No.

CLINTON v. NORTH CAROLINA. Motion for leave

to proceed in forma pauperis without an affidavit of indigency

executed by petitioner denied.

No. D-1488. IN RE DISBARMENT OF JONES. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1073.]

No. D-1549. IN RE DISBARMENT OF JAN. It is ordered that Joseph M. Jan, of Toledo, Ohio, be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1550. IN RE DISBARMENT OF DIUGUID. It is ordered that John P. Diuguid, of Bethesda, Md., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1551. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WEEKS. It is ordered that Timothy Weeks, of Newark, N. J., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1552. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CACIOPPO. It is ordered that Richard K. Cacioppo, of Woodland Hills, Cal., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1553. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BROWN. It is ordered that Michael A. Brown, of Newton, Mass., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1554. IN RE DISBARMENT OF OFFNER. It is ordered that Lawrence J. Offner, Jr., of Union, Mo., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. 94-9205. IN RE VEY. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. See this Court's Rule 39.8.

ORDERS

1121

515 U. S.

June 5, 1995

Petitioner is allowed until June 26, 1995, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit a petition in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.

CertiorariGranted No. 94-1660. AMERICAN AIRUNES, INC. v. LOCKWOOD. C. A.
Fed. Cir. Motion of American Intellectual Property Law Association for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 966.
No. 94-8729. BENNIS V. MICHIGAN. Sup. Ct. Mich. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 447 Mich. 719, 527 N. W. 2d 483.

CertiorariDenied
No. 94-1457. DECELL & ASSOCIATES, INC. v. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 464.
No. 94-1509. SMOLLEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 65.

No. 94-1519. DAVID LIPSCOMB UNIVERSITY V. STEELE ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1182.
No. 94-1628. GOULD V. SMITH, TRUSTEE OF MIAMI CENTER LIQUIDATING TRUST, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 668.
No. 94-1651. SIMMONS V. HINSON, ADMINISTRATOR, FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1213.

No. 94-1675. CITY OF UPPER ARLINGTON ET AL. V. VITTITOW ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1100.
No. 94-1676. NORTH CAROLINA V. PENDLETON. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 339 N. C. 379, 451 S. E. 2d 274.
No. 94-1677. LEHTINEN ET UX. V. HARSTAD. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied.

1122

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 5, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-1681. BLUE CROSS & BLUE SHIELD ASSN. V.HUBBARD ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 942.
No. 94-1686. SGS CONTROL SERVICES, INC. V. INTERNATIONAL ORE & FERTILIZER CORP. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1279.
No. 94-1735. SAvoY v. CASCADE COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT ET AL. Sup. Ct. Mont. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 268 Mont. 507, 887 P. 2d 160.
No. 94-1748. LUKER v. AKRO CORP. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 1541.
No. 94-1761. IN RE HUDNALL. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1776. NORTH ROCKLAND CENTRAL SCHOOL DISTRICT V. CONSOLIDATED RAIL CORPORATION;
No. 94-1787. ERIE COUNTY v. CONSOLIDATED RAIL CORPORATION; and
No. 94-1789. NEW YORK STATE BOARD OF EQUALIZATION AND ASSESSMENT ET AL. V. CONSOLIDATED RAIL CORPORATION. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 473.
No. 94-1791. FREDERICKS V. WRIGHT ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1141.
No. 94-1828. LONGFELLOW V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 318.
No. 94-1839. WARSHAY ET UX. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 2.
No. 94-1855. GREEN v. CONNECTICUT. App. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 Conn. App. 933, 651 A. 2d 292.
No. 94-7872. COLEMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1182.
No. 94-7904. FERO V. KERBY. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1462.
No. 94-8104. MORRELL, AS GUARDIAN AD LITEM FOR LONG ET AL. v. BRITT, SECRETARY, NORTH CAROLINA DEPARTMENT OF

ORDERS

1123,

515 U. S.

June 5, 1995

HUMAN RESOURCES, ET AL. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 338 N. C. 230, 449 S. E. 2d 175.

No. 94-8222. LowE v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 873.
No. 94-8232. JOHNSON V.CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8282. DEAN v. NEBRASKA. Sup. Ct. Neb. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 246 Neb. 869, 523 N. W. 2d 681.

No. 94-8314. MCCULLOUGH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-8377. CHASE V. MISSISSIPPI. Sup. Ct. MIiss. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 645 So. 2d 829.

No. 94-8380. BENNETT V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8755. DIXON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1364.

No. 94-8388. SEDOR V. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 741.

No. 94-8659. DAVIS v. GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 41.
No. 94-8774. HARRIS v. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 Cal. 4th 407, 886 P. 2d 1193.
No. 94-8777. SLEDGE v. TENNESSEE. Ct. Crim. App. Tenn. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8778. VOHRA V. SIKAND ENGINEERING ASSOCIATES ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8779. PINTOR V. ORANGE COUNTY, CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8780. WILLIAMS v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 440.

No. 94-8781. MILLER V. WHITE, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

1124

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 5, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-8782. WHEAT V. CASPARI, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSOURI EASTERN CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8786. ADAMS v. MOORE, DIRECTOR, SOUTH CAROLINA
DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 175.

No. 94-8791. JACKSON V. LOUISIANA. Ct. App. La., 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 636 So. 2d 1217.

No. 94-8793. SCALICE V. MASSEY ET AL. Sup. Ct. Wash. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8795. PATTERSON V. MOBS, ASSOCIATE WARDEN. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8800. THOMAS V. ZIMMERMAN, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT WAYMART, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8802. SWAIN V. VMGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8803. PHILLIPS v. GANJOO ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1126.

No. 94-8808. HICKS v. MICHIGAN. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 447 Mich. 819, 528 N. W. 2d 136.

No. 94-8810. FARR v. WHITE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1504.

No. 94-8815. JENSEN v. BERG ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. tiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 433.
No. 94-8820. LEE V. PRUETT, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. tiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 426.

CerCer-

No. 94-8821. MARTINEZ-SANDOVAL v. KIRSCH ET AL. Ct. App. N. M. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 118 N. M. 616, 884 P. 2d 507.

No. 94-8822. KITCHENS V. BECKHAM. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1125

515 U. S.

June 5, 1995

No. 94-8824. PINK V. JONES, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8825. WHITSITT v. FRANCHISE TAX BOARD OF CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 638.
No. 94-8828. THOMPSON V. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 648 So. 2d 692.
No. 94-8829. CANCEL V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8830. AzUBUO v. MURDOCH ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1456.
No. 94-8831. BROWN v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 645.

No. 94-8833. MARTEN v. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8835. LATHAN V. MISSOUR. Ct. App. Mo., Eastern Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 889 S. W. 2d 64.
No. 94-8841. MCEADDY ET AL. v. BROOKS ET AL. C. A. 1st
Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8843. SIBAY V. CRESTAR FINANCIAL CORP. ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8854. AKBAR v. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8856. IGNACIO v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1182.
No. 94-8874. BARTLETT v. DRAGOVICH ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8889. OKPALA V. UNITED STATES CUSTOMS SERVICE ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8906. KEENUM V. MAKEL, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1169.

1126

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 5, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-8946. SMITH v. SOUTH CAROLINA. Ct. Common Pleas of Anderson County, S. C. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8983. JERMYN V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 539 Pa. 371, 652 A. 2d 821.

No. 94-9017. TOBIAS v. TEXAS. Ct. App. Tex., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 884 S. W. 2d 571.

No. 94-9057. BARBARIS V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-9100. GRAY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1162.

No. 94-9061. WATSON v. MITCHELL, SUPERINTENDENT, EASTERN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1458.

No. 94-9117. CRUZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 427.

No. 94-9121. RAINERI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 36.

No. 94-9124. LEISURE v. NUTH, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 266.
No. 94-9134. CUNNINGHAM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-9135. BLAND V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1454.

No. 94-9139. LovE v. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 435 Pa. Super. 555, 646 A. 2d 1233.

No. 94-9140. NUNEZ-CARREON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 995.

No. 94-9144. PERRIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 869.

No. 94-9145. LOPEZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 427.
No. 94-9149. ROGERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 25.

ORDERS

1127

515 U. S.

June 5, 1995

No. 94-9153. FAiz v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 430.

No. 94-9154. FRIEDMAN V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 115.
No. 94-9155. WADE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 424.
No. 94-9156. VALENTEEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 54 F. 3d 771.
No. 94-9161. DOUGLAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1127.
No. 94-9162. GILLEY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1440.
No. 94-9163. PENDERGRASS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1166.
No. 94-9164. HERNANDEZ-FUNDORA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 848.
No. 94-9168. ADAMS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 429.
No. 94-9170. WASHPUN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 52 F. 3d 327.

No. 94-9171. WALSH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 530.
No. 94-9173. SOTO-OLIVAS V. UNITED STATES; and FRANCE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 788 (first case); 48 F. 3d 1229 (second case).
No. 94-9176. PROFFIT v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 404.

No. 94-9181. MARTINEZ-CANO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 17.
No. 94-9183. VILLOT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 429.

112

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 5, 1995

515 U.S.

No. 94-9206. AzIz v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1127.
No. 94-9209. MELONCON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1147.
No. 94-9210. ANTONELLI v. GETTY. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9216. HAMMOUDE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 288.
No. 94-9218. GILBERT V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9222. SMITH v. DRUG ENFORCEMENT AGENCY ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 323.
No. 94-9223. MARTIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 534.
No. 94-9225. GALLEGO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 535.
No. 94-9238. REED V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1152.
No. 94-7810. A. ST. P. C. v. B. C. Sup. Ct. La. Motion of American Coalition for Abuse Awareness et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 643 So. 2d 743.

Rehearing Denied
No. 94-1580. COSSETT ET AL. V. CLINTON ET AL., 514 U. S. 1097;
No. 94-8045. IN RE SOLIMINE, 514 U. S. 1062; No. 94-8261. COLEMAN V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TExAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, 514 U. S. 1072; No. 94-8702. TSCHUOR V. UNITED STATES, 514 U. S. 1092; and No. 94-8726. IN RE VISINTINE, 514 U. S. 1081. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 94-5856. JACOBS v. MISSOURI, 513 U. S. 969; and

ORDERS

515 U. S.

June 5, 12, 1995

No. 94-7402. GONZALEZ v. OCEAN COUNTY BOARD OF SOCIAL SERVICES ET AL., 513 U. S. 1170. Motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.

JUNE 12, 1995
CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 94-1518. DOCTOR'S ASSOCIATES, INC., ET AL. V. CASAROTTO ET UX. Sup. Ct. Mont. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Allied-Bruce Terminix Cos. v. Dobson, 513 U. S. 265 (1995). Reported below: 268 Mont. 369, 886 P. 2d 931.

Miscellaneous Orders

No.

. SWISHER V. TEXAS WORKERS' COMPENSATION

COMMISSION ET AL.;

No. ---

MARIAN V. SCOTT ET AL.; and

No. -

ARNETTE v. ALLSTATE INSURANCE CO. Motions

to direct the Clerk to file petitions for writs of certiorari out of

time denied.

No. D-1530. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WINDHEIM. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1060.]

No. D-1533. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SHREVE. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1060.]

No. D-1555. IN RE DISBARMENT OF FEIT. It is ordered that Michael A. Feit, of Albany, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1556. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WARTER. It is ordered that J. Christopher Warter, of South Bend, Ind., be suspended
from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1557. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HILGENDORF. It is or-
dered that George M. Hilgendorf, of Fort Collins, Colo., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule

1130

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 12, 1995

515 U. S.

issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 120, Orig. NEW JERSEY V. NEW YORK. Motion of the Special Master for compensation and reimbursement of expenses granted, and the Special Master is awarded a total of $84,531.74 to be paid by the parties equally. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., 514 U. S. 1125.]
No. 94-1527. BARR LABORATORIES, INC. v. BURROUGHS WELLCOME Co.; and
No. 94-1531. NOVOPHARM, INC., ET AL. V. BURROUGHS WELLCOME CO. C. A. Fed. Cir. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief in these cases expressing the views of the United States.
No. 94-9395. IN RE MAHN. Petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 94-9059. IN RE RAITPORT. Petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 94-8804. IN RE SATO. Petition for writ of mandamus and/ or prohibition denied.

CertiorariDenied
No. 94-464. NORFOLK SOUTHERN RAILWAY Co. v. CAROLINA RAILROAD CO. Ct. App. N. C. Certiorari Reported below: 112 N. C. App. 762, 437 S. E. 2d 393.

NORTH
denied.

No. 94-1420. VENTRE v. JOHNSON, ADMINISTRATOR, GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied.
Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1179.

No. 94-1497. O'MALLEY v. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 163 Ill. 2d 130, 643 N. E. 2d 825.
No. 94-1525. BARNYAK V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 432 Pa. Super. 483, 639 A. 2d 40.

No. 94-1544. SANIDAD ET AL. V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 35 F. 3d 1449.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

June 12, 1995

No. 94-1616. WICKS v. MIssisSIppi EMPLOYMENT SERVICE ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 991.
No. 94-1650. AL-KELANI, INC., ET AL. v. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION, RECEIVER FOR AUDUBON FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 323 and 324.
No. 94-1682. ATTUL V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 958.
No. 94-1683. DELTA AIRLINES, INC. v. NATIONAL UNION FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 530.
No. 94-1687. LEROY v. ILLINOIS RACING BOARD ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 711.
No. 94-1688. MAITLAND ET AL. V. MITCHELL ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1431.
No. 94-1693. SOUTHERN CROWN, INC. v. BOARD OF ADJUSTMENT OF THE CITY OF DALLAS. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 427.
No. 94-1694. BEAZLEY v. GEORGIA STATE BAR. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 71.
No. 94-1704. ZERMAN V. GREENE ET AL. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1707. WILLIAMSON ET AL. V. SACRED HEART HOSPITAL OF PENSACOLA ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 667.
No. 94-1711. STEIGMAN ET AL., PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVES OF THE ESTATE OF DROZE v. DANESE ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 423.
No. 94-1712. ROMERO ET UX. v. THOMSON NEWSPAPERS (WISCONSIN), INC., ET AL. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 648 So. 2d 866.
No. 94-1715. BUSSEY ET AL. v. OWENS. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1721. TOWN OF SMITHTOWN ET AL. V. WALZ ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 162.

1132

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 12, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-1732. DUVALL V. CITY OF SANTA MONICA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1399.
No. 94-1753. MANUFACTURAS INTERNACIONALES LTDA ET AL. V. MANUFACTURERS HANOVER TRUST BANK CO. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1159.
No. 94-1771. DANIEL V. CITY OF TAMPA, FLORIDA, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 546.
No. 94-1779. MICHAEL Q. JONES, INC. V. COUNTY OF TuoLUMNE ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 5th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1797. LIGHT ET AL. V. PARKWAY C-2 SCHOOL DISTRICT ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1223.
No. 94-1813. MARSONER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 959.
No. 94-1860. PATTEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 774.
No. 94-1873. MANDACINA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 1177.
No. 94-1875. Ross v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1507.
No. 94-1878. KRUCKEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 52 F. 3d 318.
No. 94-1883. HOPE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1140.
No. 94-8192. HALEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1434.
No. 94-8194. B. H. v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 645 So. 2d 987.
No. 94-8230. MONROE V. FLORIDA LEGISLATURE ET AL. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 863.
No. 94-8463. CORREALES-VALENCIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1119.

ORDERS

1133

515 U. S.

June 12, 1995

No. 94-8467. EDWARDS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 154.
No. 94-8481. BURGESS v. GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 777, 450 S. E. 2d 680.
No. 94-8487. PALERMO ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1358.
No. 94-8510. BADEAUX V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 245.
No. 94-8516. GREER V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8525. GUTIERREZ-ROMERO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 678.
No. 94-8587. LEVI v. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 453.
No. 94-8675. BLACKSTON v. BECKER, JUDGE, UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE THIRD CIRCUIT, ET. AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8678. MEJIA-HERRERA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1119.
No. 94-8722. ROBERTS V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1474.
No. 94-8844. BUSCH v. NIx ET AL. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8846. JACOBS V. SUPREME COURT OF MISSOURI. Sup. Ct. Mo. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8847. JENNINGS V. REYNOLDS, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 439.
No. 94-8848. REED V. SHELBY COUNTY GOVERNMENT ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8852. McGAUTHA v. JACKSON COUNTY, MISSOURI. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 53.

1134

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 12, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-8858. POOLE V. WOOD, COMMISSIONER, MINNESOTA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 246.
No. 94-8860. ROME v. KYLE, CHAIRMAN, TEXAS BOARD OF PARDONS AND PAROLES (FT). C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 640.
No. 94-8863. FAIRCHILD v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 129.
No. 94-8865. LAIRD v. CRAGIN FEDERAL BANK. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1510.
No. 94-8869. EVANS v. BRIGANO, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1168.
No. 94-8872. ESTRELLA v. SANDERS, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1493.
No. 94-8873. CHATFIELD V. NORTON, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF COLORADO. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1178.
No. 94-8876. PURSCHE V. CITY OF IRVING, TEXAS, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 424.
No. 94-8880. STOKES v. FERRELL ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 529.
No. 94-8883. BAILEY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 413.
No. 94-8890. SCHMIDT V. IOWA ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8891. BAILEY V. HAWAII. Sup. Ct. Haw. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8901. COLBY v. TOWN OF HENNIKER, NEW HAMPSHIRE. Super. Ct. N. H., Merrimack County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8902. JIMENEZ MONTEON v. GOMEZ, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 436.

ORDERS

1135

515 U. S.

June 12, 1995

No. 94-8904. JONES v. ROADWAY EXPRESS, INC. C. A. l1th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 537.
No. 94-8908. JONES V. YOUNG, WARDEN. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8909. MOORE V. NEW YORK. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 4th Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 209 App. Div. 2d 1039, 619 N. Y. S. 2d 999.
No. 94-8910. MCARTUR v. ALABAMA. Ct. Crim. App. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 652 So. 2d 782.
No. 94-8914. ADAMS v. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8916. JAVIDI v. KAISER PERMANENTE MEDICAL GROUP, INC., ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1400.
No. 94-8917. SYLvis v. WILSON, GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8922. BRECHEEN v. REYNOLDS, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1343.
No. 94-8927. JONES ET AL. v. NORTH WOODLAND HILLS COMMUNITY ASSN. Ct. App. Tex., 14th Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8928. NWANZE V. WOODY ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1467.
No. 94-8934. BROWN V. PERRIN ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8938. HAYS V. ARENDS ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1483.
No. 94-8947. ROSE v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 339 N. C. 172, 451 S. E. 2d 211.
No. 94-9002. MARTIN v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DmSION, ET AL.
C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 1043.
No. 94-9043. ROBINSON V. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 339 N. C. 263, 451 S. E. 2d 196.

1136

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 12, 1995

515 U.S.

No. 94-9044. EGGAR ET AL. V. CITY OF LIVINGSTON. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 312.

No. 94-9065. FRIEDMAN v. BOARD OF BAR EXAMINERS OF MASSACHUSETTS. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-9074. KNAPP v. LEONARDO, SUPERINTENDENT, GREAT MEADOW CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari de-
nied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 170.

No. 94-9081. SEVEY V. ANGELONE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1145.

No. 94-9083. WILLIAMS V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 164 Ill. 2d 1, 645 N. E. 2d 844.

No. 94-9110. SPARROW v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 430.

No. 94-9125. tiorari denied. 711.

YOUNG V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. CerReported below: 434 Pa. Super. 726, 643 A. 2d

No. 94-9141. MURRAY v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI
CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Re-
ported below: 34 F. 3d 1367.

No. 94-9151. HORTON v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-9160. BUTLER V. RICHARDS ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 668.

No. 94-9172. WARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 M. J. 100.

No. 94-9180. KIRKLAND V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1068.

No. 94-9186. THOMAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 M. J. 205.

No. 94-9188. FLORES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 283.

No. 94-9198. GIRALDo v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 2.

ORDERS

1137

515 U. S.

June 12, 1995

No. 94-9200. JACKSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 8.
No. 94-9203. WANG V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1347.
No. 94-9221. OLIVAs-RIVERA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1178.
No. 94-9229. ROSA BEHETY ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 503.
No. 94-9237. RAMIRES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 530.
No. 94-9285. BRENNAN v. FLORIDA ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1569. TExAS v. RILEY. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 889 S. W. 2d 290.
No. 94-1749. JONES ET AL. V. NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE ET AL.; and
No. 94-1750. DUSBABEK ET AL. v. NATIONAL FOOTBALL
LEAGUE ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of Public Citizen Inc. for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 402.
No. 94-8270. PETERKIN V.PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Motion of petitioner for leave to amend the petition for writ of certiorari granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 538 Pa. 455, 649 A. 2d 121.
Rehearing Denied
No. 93-9240. CRAWFORD V. ZANT, WARDEN, 514 U. S. 1082; No. 94-1229. CAULFIELD V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE, 514 U. S. 1016; No. 94-7996. SHOWS v. DYAL ET AL., 514 U. S. 1053; No. 94-8144. STOW v. HORAN ET AL., 514 U. S. 1069; No. 94-8251. GARCIA v. FLORIDA, 514 U. S. 1085; No. 94-8252. HALF-DAY v. PEROT ET AL., 514 U. S. 1072; No. 94-8398. IN RE ROGERS, 514 U. S. 1107; No. 94-8537. HICKS v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL Dsim, 514 U. S. 1088;

1138

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 12, 14, 15, 19, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-8581. RUSSELL v. UNITED STATES, 514 U. S. 1089; and No. 94-8611. ECHAVARRIA-OLARTE v. RENO, ATTORNEY GENERAL, 514 U. S. 1090. Petitions for rehearing denied. No. 94-1475. PRI-HAR V. UNITED STATES, 514 U. S. 1052. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperisgranted. Petition for rehearing denied.

CertiorariDenied

JUNE 14, 1995

No. 94-9508 (A-918). FEARANCE v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS and JUSTICE GINSBURG would grant the application for stay of execution in order to consider the petition for writ of certiorari in the ordinary course of proceedings. See Clark v. Collins, 502 U. S. 1052 (1992) (STEVENS, J., dissenting). Reported below: 51 F. 3d 1041.

Rehearing Denied

JUNE 15, 1995

No. 94-8569 (A-940). GRIFFIN v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER, 514 U.S. 1119. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE THOMAS, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Petition for rehearing denied.

JUNE 19, 1995

CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded No. 93-676. CARPENTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed
Forces. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Ryder v. United States, ante, p. 177. Reported below: 37 M. J. 291.
No. 93-966. CLARK V. UNITED STATES; DANIELSON V. UNITED STATES; DORMAN V. UNITED STATES; KOVAC v. UNITED STATES; PRIVE V. UNITED STATES; and TAITANO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari granted, judgments vacated, and cases remanded for further consideration in light of Ryder v. United

ORDERS

515 U. S.

June 19, 1995

States, ante, p. 177. Reported below: 39 M. J. 28 (first, third, fifth, and sixth cases); 39 M. J. 29 (second and fourth cases).
No. 94-48. KING FISHER MARINE SERVICE, INC. V. PEREZ ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Gutierrez de Martinez v. Lamagno, ante, p. 417. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 466.
No. 94-434. MISSOURI ET AL. V. JENKINS ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Missouri v. Jenkins, ante, p. 70. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1297.
No. 94-886. JACKSON ET AL. V. CULINARY SCHOOL OF WASHINGTON, LTD., ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Wilton v. Seven Falls Co., ante, p. 277. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 573.

No. 94-944. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE V.
SCHMITZ ET AL.; COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE v. KELLER ET AL.; and COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE v. RICE
ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari granted, judgments vacated, and cases remanded for further consideration in light of Commissioner v. Schleier, ante, p. 323. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 790 (first case); 34 F. 3d 1072 (second case); 35 F. 3d 571 (third case).
No. 94-1045. DIRECTOR, OFFICE OF WORKERS' COMPENSATION PROGRAMS, DEPARTMENT OF LABOR v. RAMBO ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of MetropolitanStevedore Co. v. Rambo, ante, p. 291. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 86.

Miscellaneous Orders

No.

. BESS V. CISNEROS, SECRETARY OF HOUSING AND

URBAN DEVELOPMENT. Motion to direct the Clerk to file peti-

tion for writ of certiorari out of time denied.

No. D-1485. IN RE DISBARMENT OF JACOBS. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1055.]

No. D-1527. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HERKENHOFF. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1060.]

1140

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 19, 1995

515 U. S.

No. D-1529. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SPIVAK. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1060.]
No. D-1536. IN RE DISBARMENT OF STERN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1061.]
No. D-1538. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MAIOLo. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1061.]
No. D-1541. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BELL. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1081.]
No. D-1543. IN RE DISBARMENT OF YOUNG. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1081.]
No. D-1545. IN RE DISBARMENT OF POTTS. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1106.]
No. D-1558. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ROSENGARDEN. It is ordered that Morton Charles Rosengarden, of Deerfield, Ill., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1559. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CREWELL. It is ordered that Ted Henry Crewell, of Dallas, Tex., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1560. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WASHINGTON. It is ordered that Edward Vincent Washington, Jr., of Montclair, Cal., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 94-8951. WILKINSON V. MISSOURI. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. Petitioner is allowed until July 10, 1995, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit a petition in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.
No. 94-8667. IN RE SMITH. Petition for writ of mandamus denied.

ORDERS

1141

515 U. S.

June 19, 1995

No. 94-8945. IN RE SPYCHALA. Petition for writ of prohibition denied.

Certiorari Granted
No. 94-1592. BROTHERHOOD OF LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS ET
AL. v. ATCHISON, TOPEKA & SANTA FE RAILROAD CO. ET AL.
C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 437.
No. 94-1809. MATSUSHITA ELECTRIC INDUSTRIAL Co., LTD., ET AL. v. EPSTEIN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of Business Roundtable for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari granted limited to Question 1 presented by the petition. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 644.
No. 94-9088. NEAL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperisgranted. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1405.

CertiorariDenied
No. 94-693. HERNANDEZ v. TEXAS STATE BOARD OF DENTAL EXAMINERS ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 624.
No. 94-999. DOWNEY ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 836.
No. 94-1041. HAWKINS ET UX. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1077.
No. 94-1339. MALTBY V. WINSTON ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 548.
No. 94-1407. PENNSYLVANIA v. BULL. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 539 Pa. 150, 650 A. 2d 874.
No. 94-1417. WOODALL ET AL. V. RENO, ATTORNEY GENERAL, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 656.
No. 94-1482. CLOUSER ET AL. V. GLICKMAN, SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1522.

1142 '

OCTOBER TERi, 1994

June 19, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-1538. FLOYD v. COLLIN COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 384.
No. 94-1541. BEY ET AL. v. BISBEE. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1096.
No. 94-1558. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION v. FRANCIS W. PARKER SCHOOL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. , Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1073.
No. 94-1579. COLLINS, ON BEHALF OF SHUFELT v. DUGGAN. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 3d Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1581. REGIONS BANK OF LOUISIANA, SUCCESSOR IN
INTEREST OF SECOR BANK, ET AL. V. INTERNAL REVENUE SERV-
ICE. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1081.
No. 94-1605. MTCHELL v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 465.
No. 94-1611. HAITIAN REFUGEE CENTER, INC., ET AL. V. CHRISTOPHER, SECRETARY OF STATE, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1412.
No. 94-1668. RAHN v. DRAKE CENTER, INC. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 407.
No. 94-1709. THOMAS V. BAXTER. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1468.
No. 94-1717. GREER ET UX. v. LANDMARK BANCSHARES OF ILLINOIS, INC., ET AL. App. Ct. Ill., 5th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 261 Ill. App. 3d 1131, 682 N. E. 2d 1266.
No. 94-1725. CRANE Co. v. UNITED STATES EX REL. RABUSHKA ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1509.
No. 94-1729. O'QUINN V. KLYNE. Ct. App. Tex., 14th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 874 S. W. 2d 776.
No. 94-1731. ROWLAND, GOVERNOR OF CONNECTICUT, ET AL. v. JUAN F. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 874.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

June 19, 1995

No. 94-1736. TODD ET AL. V. FLORIDA. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 643 So. 2d 625.
No. 94-1737. K. R. B. v. STEPHENSON ET AL. Ct. App. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 214 Ga. App. XXVI.

No. 94-1739. NATIONAL PAINT & COATINGS ASSN. ET AL. V. CITY OF CHICAGO. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 45 F. 3d 1124.

No. 94-1742. OSBORNE ET UX. V. POWER ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ark. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 318 Ark. 858, 890 S. W. 2d 570.

No. 94-1751. WILLIAMS v. CAPPS TRAILER SALES ET AL. Ct. Civ. App. Ala. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-1752. GARRETT ET AL. V. GILLESS ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1168.

No. 94-1755. KOUPAL, BY AND THROUGH HIS MOTHER AND NEXT FRIEND, KOUPAL V. Sioux FALLS SCHOOL DISTRICT. Sup. Ct. S. D. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 526 N. W. 2d 248.
No. 94-1757. KLEENWELL BIOHAZARD WASTE & GENERAL
ECOLOGY CONSULTANTS, INC. v. NELSON, CHAIRMAN, WASHINGTON UTILITIES AND TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 391.

No. 94-1759. ELLINGTON ET AL. V. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF LoS'ANGELES, ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d
App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-1762. MORETTI v. DINICE ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1117.

No. 94-1765. INN OF MIAMI AIRPORT, INC. v. PERREN-VIBES MUSIC, INC., ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Re-
ported below: 47 F. 3d 430.

No. 94-1766. MICHIGAN V. HENSICK. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-1767. SULLIVAN ET UX. V. CITY OF MEMPHIS. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1170.

1144

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 19, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-1768. CAPITOL INDEMNITY CORP. v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 320.
No. 94-1769. MURPHY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 520.
No. 94-1774. LESLIE v. LONG BEACH PROSECUTOR ET AL.
C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 280.
No. 94-1775. CAVER V. GERACE, ADMINISTRATOR, LOUISIANA DEPARTMENT OF EMPLOYMENT SECURITIES, ET AL. Ct. App. La., 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 644 So. 2d 1161.
No. 94-1777. BALL ET AL. V. GASHO ET UX. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1420.
No. 94-1781. ATTORNEY R v. MiSSISSIPPI BAR. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 649 So. 2d 820.
No. 94-1782. WISTON XXIV LIMITED PARTNERSHIP v. BALCOR PENSION INVESTORS V. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 441.
No. 94-1783. SCARIANO v. JUSTICES OF THE SUPREME COURT OF INDIANA ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 920.
No. 94-1784. AMATO v. LOUISIANA COMMISSIONER OF SECURITIES ET AL. Ct. App. La., 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 644 So. 2d 412.
No. 94-1792. UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT No. 244 ET AL. V. KANSAS ET AL. Sup. Ct. Kan. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 256 Kan. 232, 885 P. 2d 1170.
No. 94-1794. DAVIS, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS NEXT FRIEND OF DAVIS, A MINOR, ET AL. v. FICANO, SHERIFF, WAYNE COUNTY, ET AL. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 201 Mich. App. 572, 507 N. W. 2d 751.
No. 94-1795. YARDARM RESTAURANT, INC. V. CITY OF POMPANO BEACH. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 1377.
No. 94-1798. HOME OF FAITH, DBA AMBASSADOR MANOR SOUTH, ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 263.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

June 19, 1995

No. 94-1805. CITY OF NEW ORLEANS ET AL. v. LOUISIANA DEBATING & LITERARY ASSN. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1483.
No. 94-1814. BURNS v. REED. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 524.
No. 94-1834. ALPER ET AL. V. FLORIDA BAR. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1852. ALLEY v. GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORP. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 329.
No. 94-1899. PEREz-AGUILERA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1552.
No. 94-6703. KIMBRO V. VELTEN ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1501.
No. 94-7239. HENDERSON V. BAIRD ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 464.
No. 94-7412. MODDON v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8010. BROXTON v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 888 S. W. 2d 23.
No. 94-8131. LEDBETTER V. EDWARDS, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 1062.
No. 94-8179. GILLESPIE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1364.
No. 94-8507. OUTTEN v. DELAWARE; and No. 94-8512. SHELTON v. DELAWARE. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 650 A. 2d 1291.
No. 94-8566. WILLIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 170.
No. 94-8853. QUESINBERRY V. MURRAY, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8888. SCOTT V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1547.

1146

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 19, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-8935. CARRILLO ET AL. V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 164 Ill. 2d 144, 646 N. E. 2d 582.
No. 94-8939. JEROME v. BIDDERS INC., DBA SATELLITE MOTEL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 70.
No. 94-8941. ALEXANDER V. JOHNSON ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 386.
No. 94-8948. ORIAKHI V. WEST ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1126.
No. 94-8953. WOODALL V. HILL, SHERIFF, SEDGWICK COUNTY, KANSAS, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 904.
No. 94-8954. VOHRA V. CALIFORNIA WORKERS' COMPENSATION APPEALS BOARD ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8958. SCHWARZ V. INTERPOL ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1232.
No. 94-8959. SCHWARZ v. CHURCH OF SCIENTOLOGY INTERNATIONAL ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1232.
No. 94-8962. STUART V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8964. PAGE v. ANGELONE, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1467.
No. 94-8968. WEINSTEIN V. WEINSTEIN. Sup. Ct. N. J. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8970. CALHOUN V. WASHINGTON. Ct. App. Wash. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8971. HoMo v. TOWN OF HENNIKER. Sup. Ct. N. H. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8973. THINH VAN CAO v. MASSACHUSETTS. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 419 Mass. 383, 644 N. E. 2d 1294.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

June 19, 1995

No. 94-8975. PIETRI v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 644 So. 2d 1347.
No. 94-8978. WOOD v. ARIZONA. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 180 Ariz. 53, 881 P. 2d 1158.
No. 94-8986. ROGERS V.CUYSON ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8987. SMITH V. CARROLL ET AL. Ct. App. Tex., 14th Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8991. MINCEY v. THOMAS, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8992. JONES v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 648 So. 2d 669.

No. 94-8993. NOEL V. WHITE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8994. MELINIE V. CAIN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 642.

No. 94-8995. BREWER V. VOINOVICH, GOVERNOR OF OHIO, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1167.

No. 94-8998. VIGES V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8999. BRIGAERTS V. GOMEZ, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-9003. WILSON v. CIRCUIT COURT OF ALABAMA, JEFFERSON COUNTY. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-9016. MCDONALD v. LUCHIRINI ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1142.

No. 94-9024. GERMANY V. ZAVARAS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, COLORADO DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1056.

1148

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 19, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-9027. DE LA ROSA v. SCULLY, SUPERINTENDENT, GREEN HAVEN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1158.
No. 94-9028. HERBST v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 902.
No. 94-9029. CLARK V. O'SULLIVAN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9030. ARNOLD v. BOATMEN'S TRUST CO. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9031. BETHEA v. ABRAMAJTYS, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1506.
No. 94-9049. FONTAN V. IEYOUB, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF LOUISIANA. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9052. FOTTLER v. AINSWORTH ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1482.
No. 94-9053. HABURN ET AL. V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1124.
No. 94-9063. MORGAN V. MACDONALD ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1291.
No. 94-9075. SPENCER V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 425.
No. 94-9113. HENRY v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 649 So. 2d 1366.
No. 94-9136. BOYDEN V. RUBIN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1138.
No. 94-9147. ROMERO V. TANSY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1024.
No. 94-9179. RATTLER V. OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT, RETIREMENT OPERATIONS CENTER. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1149

515 U. S.

June 19, 1995

No. 94-9190. FREEMAN V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 Cal. 4th 450, 882 P. 2d 249.
No. 94-9192. GREEN V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TExAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9194. HARBIN V. MARYLAND MOTOR VEHICLE ADMINISTRATION. Cir. Ct. Prince George's County, Md. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-9196. GALVAN v. CAROTHERS, SUPERINTENDENT, LEMON CREEK CORRECTIONAL CENTER, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9202. BURNS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 276.
No. 94-9208. BATTIE V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 530.
No. 94-9226. SARGENT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 20.
No. 94-9235. MARK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1128.
No. 94-9236. RosARIO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1114.
No. 94-9241. SPENCER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1172.
No. 94-9244. CHRISTIE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1480.
No. 94-9248. JAMERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 1044.
No. 94-9249. JONES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 430.
No. 94-9251. SABINI V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 536.
No. 94-9252. CARRERA SEGUAME V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 18.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 19, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-9254. ROBINSON V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 1033.
No. 94-9256. WEXLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1157.
No. 94-9259. WALKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 274.
No. 94-9260. WILLIAMSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 536.
No. 94-9262. MURPHY v. ANGELONE, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9267. CARROLL ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 668.
No. 94-9268. ARROYO-ANGULO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 52 F. 3d 317.
No. 94-9271. LUCAS v. SWINSON, WARDEN. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9273. LOCKETT V. MISSISSIPPI. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 656 So. 2d 76.
No. 94-9274. LOCKETT V. MISSISSIPPI. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 656 So. 2d 68.
No. 94-9280. MORRIS V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-9321. MALONE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 410.
No. 94-9283. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9284. CHRISTOPHER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-9286. GARcIA-RIco v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 8.
No. 94-9295. FORD ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 428.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

June 19, 1995

No. 94-9297. MILLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1166.
No. 94-9308. WASHINGTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 73.
No. 94-9309. VASQUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 731.

No. 94-9311. BRIGHT V. MARYLAND DIVISION OF CORRECTION ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1122.

No. 94-9312. FRIEDMAN v. BOARD OF REGISTRATION IN MEDICINE ET AL. App. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 Mass. App. 1110, 646 N. E. 2d 437.
No. 94-9316. REAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 763.
No. 94-9319. SCOTT ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1007.
No. 94-9320. MCCULLOUGH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 400.
No. 94-9325. WEBSTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1225.
No. 94-9326. DANIELS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 285.
No. 94-9336. MORENO-HERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1112.
No. 94-9343. GUTIERREZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1134.
No. 94-9345. NIDIFFER v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1171.

No. 94-9346. MCCLINTON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1225.

No. 94-9348. WALDEMER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir.: Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 1379.

1152

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 19, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-9354. ADDISON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1145.
No. 94-9355. AFLLEJE-TORRES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 53 F. 3d 1129.
No. 94-9369. BASDEN V. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 339 N. C. 288, 451 S. E. 2d 238.
No. 94-1612. MICHIGAN V. BELLEW. Sup. Ct. Mich. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 447 Mich. 819, 528 N. W. 2d 136.
No. 94-1786. NEW YORK v. REYES. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 1st Jud. Dept. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 210 App. Div. 2d 159, 620 N. Y. S. 2d 953.
No. 94-1644. DOE ET AL. v. KIRCHNER; and No. 94-9087. BABY RICHARD, A MINOR, BY HIS GUARDIAN AD LITEM, O'CONNELL v. KIRCHNER ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ill. Motions of Yale University Child Study Center et al., Governor of the State of Illinois, aiid Paul Simon et al. for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Motion of Catholic Adoptive Parents Association for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae in No. 949087 granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 164 Ill. 2d 468, 649 N. E. 2d 324.
No. 94-1695. CARRIERE ET AL. v. GREY WOLF DRILLING CO. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 642.
No. 94-1705. BEADLE v. CITY OF TAMPA ET AL. C. A. l1th Cir. Motions of National Jewish Commission on Law and Public Affairs et al., General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists et al., Advocates International, Agudath Israel of America, and American Jewish Congress et al. for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 633.
No. 94-1719. MOUNTAINWEST FINANCIAL CORP., FKA SCFC ILC INC., DBA MOUNTAINWEST FINANCIAL V. VISA U. S. A. INC.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

June 19, 21, 1995

C. A. 10th Cir. Motions of American Council on Consumer Awareness et al., American Financial Services Association, and Center for Public Interest Research et al. for leave to file briefs as amici curiaegranted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 958.
No. 94-9614 (A-946). FEARANCE v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCAUA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9695 (A-965). FEARANCE V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 56 F. 3d 633.

Rehearing Denied
No. 94-1413. BAKER, LEGALLY INCAPACITATED PERSON BY BAKER, GUARDIAN, ET AL. V. SEARS, ROEBUCK & Co., 514 U. S. 1065;
No. 94-8035. DAVIS v. FIRST WORTHING MANAGEMENT, 514 U. S. 1054;
No. 94-8242. IN RE CALIFORRNIAA, 514 U. S. 1081; No. 94-8248. HiL v. Him, 514 U. S. 1114;
No. 94-8277. ETHERIDGE v. DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY, 514 U. S. 1098;
No. 94-8294. IN RE SNAVELY, 514 U. S. 1106; No. 94-8299. SoLIs v. CIRCLE K CORP. ET AL., 514 U. S. 1098; No. 94-8375. FRUSHER v. BASKIN-ROBBINS ICE CREAM Co. ET AL., 514 U. S. 1114; No. 94-8402. ROLAND V. STALDER ET AL., 514 U. S. 1115; No. 94-8464. IN RE LITZENBERG, 514 U. S. 1106; No. 94-8617. IN RE WILSON, 514 U. S. 1081; and No. 94-8656. MASON ET AL. V. UNITED STATES; and MASON V. UNITED STATES, 514 U. S. 1100. Petitions for rehearing denied.

CertiorariDenied

JUNE 21, 1995

No. 94-9734 (A-971). GRIFFIN V. MISSOURI ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, pre-

1154

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 21, 23, 26, 1995

515 U. S.

sented to JUSTICE THOMAS, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS, JUSTICE GINSBURG, and JUSTICE BREYER would grant the application for stay of execution, pending the District Court's consideration of petitioner's claims for relief under 42 U. S. C. § 1983, for the reasons expressed in the opinions of Chief Judge Richard S. Arnold and Circuit Judge Morris Sheppard Arnold, dissenting from denial of rehearing en banc in the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Reported below: 66 F. 3d 332.
No. 94-9735 (A-972). GRIFFIN v. BOWERSox, ACTING SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE THOMAS, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9736 (A-973). GRIFFIN v. BOWERSOX, ACTING SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE THOMAS, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS, JUSTICE GINSBURG, and JUSTICE BREYER would grant the application for stay of execution.
CertiorariDismissed JUNE 23, 1995
No. 94-9773 (A-986). LONCHAR, AS NEXT FRIEND TO LONCHAR v. THOMAS, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Ga. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
JUNE 26, 1995
CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 94-140. PORAT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of United States v. Gaudin, ante, p. 506. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 660.
No. 94-1268. JOINT SCHOOL DISTRICT No. 241 ET AL. V. HARRIS, ON HER OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF HER Two CHILDREN, BUTLER AND HARRIS, ET AL.; and

ORDERS

1155

515 U. S.

June 26, 1995

No. 94-1314. CITIZENS PRESERVING AMERICA'S HERITAGE,
INC., ET AL. v. HARRIS, ON HER OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF HER Two CHILDREN, BUTLER AND HARRIS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and cases remanded with directions to dismiss as moot. United States v. Munsingwear, Inc., 340 U. S. 36 (1950). Reported below: 41 F. 3d 447.

CertiorariDismissed
No. S-1. ANDERSON V. KENTUCKY. Ct. App. Ky. [Certiorari granted, 371 U. S. 886.] It appearing that petitioner died April 6, 1994, the writ of certiorari is dismissed as moot.

Miscellaneous Orders

No. -.--.

J. M. V. ILLINOIS. Motion to direct the Clerk to

file petition for writ of certiorari out of time denied.

No. D-1528. IN RE DISBARMENT OF EVANS. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1060.]

No. D-1534. IN RE DISBARMENT OF DOYLE. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1061.]

No. D-1540. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WHITEHAIR. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1080.]

No. D-1544. IN RE DISBARMENT OF PRITZKER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1081.]

No. D-1561. IN RE DISBARMENT OF FUSILIER. It is ordered that R. Richard Fusilier, of Los Angeles, Cal., be suspended from
the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1562. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BARLOW. It is ordered that Dennis Michael Barlow, of Nutley, N. J., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1563. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ROBERTSON. It is ordered that Gerald Decatur Robertson, of Reston, Va., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule

1156

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 26, 1995

515 U. S.

issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1564. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MURASKI. It is ordered that Anthony Augustus Muraski, of Ann Arbor, Mich., be sus-
pended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1565. IN RE DISBARMENT OF GOULD. It is ordered
that David Francis Gould, of Bangor, Me., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. 94-967. FIELD ET AL. V. MANS. C. A. 1st Cir. [Certiorari granted, 514 U. S. 1095.] Motion of respondent for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis granted. Motion for appointment of counsel granted, and it is ordered that W. E. Whittington IV, Esq., of Norwich, Vt., be appointed to serve as counsel
for respondent in this case.

No. 94-1239. FULTON CORP. v. FAULKNER, SECRETARY OF REVENUE OF NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. [Certiorari granted, 514 U. S. 1062.] Motion of respondent to dismiss the writ of certiorari as improvidently granted denied.
No. 94-1361. ZICHERMAN, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS EXECUTRIX
OF THE ESTATE OF KOLE, ET AL. V. KOREAN AIR LINES CO.,
LTD.; and No. 94-1477. KOREAN AIR LINES Co., LTD. v. ZICHERMAN,
INDIVIDUALLY AND AS EXECUTRIX OF THE ESTATE OF KOLE, ET
AL. C. A. 2d Cir. [Certiorari granted, 514 U. S. 1062.] Motion of Philomena Dooley et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Motion of Plaintiffs' Committee in In Re Air Crash Disaster at Lockerbie, Scotland, for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for additional time for oral argument denied.

No. 94-1785. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE V.
LUNDY. C. A. 4th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1102.] Motion of petitioner to dispense with printing the joint appendix
granted.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

June 26, 1995

No. 94-1818. EQUICoR, INC. v. LORDMANN ENTERPRISES, INC. C. A. 11th Cir. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief in this case expressing the views of the United States.

No. 94-1857. BEYER ET AL. V. SIMMONS. C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of respondent Lawrence Simmons to expedite consideration of petition for writ of certiorari denied.

No. 94-9204. IN RE VEY. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. See this Court's Rule 39.8. Petitioner is allowed until July 17, 1995, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit a petition in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.

No. 94-8929.
No. 94-9193. denied.

IN RE MuINA; and IN RE HEiSZ. Petitions for writs of mandamus

No. 94-9115. IN RE AWOFOLU. Petition for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition denied.

CertiorariGranted
No. 94-1175. BANK ONE CHICAGO, N. A. v. MIDWEST BANK & TRUST CO. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 64.
No. 94-1893. UNITED STATES ET AL. V. CHESAPEAKE & POTOMAC TELEPHONE COMPANY OF VIRGINIA ET AL.; and
No. 94-1900. NATIONAL CABLE TELEVISION ASSN., INC. V. BELL ATLANTIC CORP. ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari granted, cases consolidated, and a total of one hour allotted for oral argument. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 181.
No. 94-8769. RUTLEDGE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 879.

CertiorariDenied No. 94-158. BATES V.WALKER; and MAHONEY V. MAYS. C. A.
2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 652 (first case) and 660 (second case).
No. 94-608. CITY OF YONKERS V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 40.

1158

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 26, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-1443. ADAMS ET AL. v. DICKINSON ET AL. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 646 So. 2d 717.

No. 94-1462. BAEz v. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 19.

No. 94-1523. ALASKA v. BABBITT, SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1513.
No. 94-1528. SOLOMON ET AL. v. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPO-
RATION, AS RECEIVER FOR NASSAU SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN., F. A.; and
No. 94-1564. PATTULL0 ET AL. V. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION, AS RECEIVER FOR NASSAU SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN., F. A. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 665.

No. 94-1557. HERCULES INC. V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-1800. ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF POLLUTION CONTROL AND ECOLOGY ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 803.

No. 94-1613. AMERICA'S BEST QUALITY COATINGS CORP.
(ABQC) v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD ET AL. C. A.
7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 516.

No. 94-1641. MANARITE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1407.
No. 94-1642. STOLLINGS v. DIRECTOR, OFFICE OF WORKERS' COMPENSATION PROGRAMS, DEPARTMENT OF LABOR. C. A. 4th
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1468.
No. 94-1653. AMERICAN LIBRARY ASSN. ET AL. v. RENO, AT-
TORNEY GENERAL, ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 78.
No. 94-1665. ROWLAND ET UX. v. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICUL-
TURE. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1112.

No. 94-1669. BRACE ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 117.

ORDERS

1159

515 U. S.

June 26, 1995

No. 94-1684. AGRICULTURAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD ET
AL. V. BUD ANTLE, INC., DBA BUD OF CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 1261.
No. 94-1685. KERR-MCGEE COAL CORP. V. FEDERAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW COMMISSION'ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1257.
No. 94-1692. JOHNSON & HIGGINS v. SEMPIER. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 724.
No. 94-1696. HANSEN ET AL. V. WESTERVILLE CITY SCHOOL DISTRICT, BOARD OF EDUCATION, ET AL.; and
No. 94-1826. HAYFIELD ET AL. V. MCINTYRE, EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF MCINTYRE, DECEASED, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1472.
No. 94-1702. KELLEY, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF MICHIGAN, ET AL. V. SELIN ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1501.
No. 94-1703. SALEH, DBA KB's LIMITED FINE FOODS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1504.
No. 94-1706. THE MLL v. COLORADO DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH ET AL. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 887 P. 2d 993.
No. 94-1738. SCOTT, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE FOR THE ESTATE OF SCOTT, DECEASED v. HENRICH ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 912.
No. 94-1764. INTERMOUNTAIN RANCHES, LTD., ET AL. V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 436.
No. 94-1780. GEHRING V. CASE CORP. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 340.
No. 94-1790. WELLINGTON TRADE INC., DBA CONTAINERHOUSE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 93.

1160

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 26, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-1799. SILANO v. SAG HARBOR UNION FREE SCHOOL DISTRICT BOARD OF EDUCATION ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 719.
No. 94-1801. GROUND IMPROVEMENT TECHNIQUES, INC., ET AL. v. COLUMBIA COUNTY. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 429.
No. 94-1806. CHAWLA ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1185.
No. 94-1808. PIERCE V. PIERCE. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 648 So. 2d 523.
No. 94-1812. FRIEDMAN v. TOLENTINO. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 645.
No. 94-1815. MILLER V. SANTA CRUZ COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1030.
No. 94-1816. BLAS, AS PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ESTATE OF BLAS AND AS GUARDIAN FOR THE MINOR, BORJA V. CHARFAUROS ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1138.
No. 94-1820. DARRAH ET UX. v. CHILDREN'S HOME SOCIETY OF CALIFORNIA ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 Cal. App. 4th 511, 35 Cal. Rptr. 2d 291.
No. 94-1821. TRULY, SECRETARY, LOUISIANA DEPARTMENT OF LABOR v. BAYOU STEEL CORP. ET AL. Ct. App. La., 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 645 So. 2d 779.
No. 94-1822. W. R. GRACE & CO. ET AL. V. WEST VIRGINIA ET AL. Sup. Ct. App. W. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 193 W. Va. 119, 454 S. E. 2d 413.
No. 94-1824. CONNOR V. WESTERN PENNSYLVANIA TEAMSTERS & EMPLOYEES PENSION FUND. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1460.
No. 94-1830. ROGERS ET VIR V. CORROSION PRODUCTS, INC. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 292.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

June 26, 1995

No. 94-1832. MARTELLO v. CIBA VISION CORP. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1167.

No. 94-1833. MOSER ET AL. v. FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Re-
ported below: 46 F. 3d 970.

No. 94-1835. SANDERS v. Los ANGELES UNIFIED SCHOOL DIsTRICT ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 42 F. 3d 1402.

No. 94-1836. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES ET AL. V. MASSACHUSETTS ET AL. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 419 Mass. 448, 646 N. E. 2d
106.

No. 94-1840. BORZA ET AL. v. HALLMARK CARDS, INC., T/A AMBASSADOR CARDS, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied.
Reported below: 45 F. 3d 425.

No. 94-1843. EDGERTON SAND & GRAVEL, INC. v. GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF WISCONSIN ET AL. Sup. Ct. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 184 Wis. 2d 750, 517 N. W. 2d 463.

No. 94-1844. YOUNG V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 48 F. 3d 536.

No. 94-1847. MULTNOMAH COUNTY V. JOHNSON. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 420.

No. 94-1862. WILLIAMS V. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 248 Va. 528, 450 S. E. 2d 365.

No. 94-1870. MARULLO ET AL. V. CASSANOVA ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 530.

No. 94-1882. UMBEHR v. HEISER ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 876.
No. 94-1906. SCOTT v. DODGE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION.
C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 534.
No. 94-1915. SHUMATE v. NATIONSBANK ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 427.

1162

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 26, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-1985. WELCH ET AL. V. WELCH, ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ESTATE OF WELCH, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 265 Ga. 89, 453 S. E. 2d 445.
No. 94-1949. MUSCATELL ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 627.
No. 94-6153. GUINN V. HESSE, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 33.
No. 94-7343. RICHARDSON v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 901 S. W. 2d 941.
No. 94-8365. ROBISON v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 888 S. W. 2d 473.
No. 94-8381. BIGBY v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 892 S. W. 2d 864.
No. 94-8679. SANTIAGO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 885.
No. 94-8771. VOLGES v. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION.
C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 50.
No. 94-8818. JOHNSTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1403.
No. 94-8920. HIGHTOWER v. THOMAS, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9009. HEATH v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 648 So. 2d 660.
No. 94-9036. CRAWFORD V. MISSOURI. Ct. App. Mo., Western Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 892 S. W. 2d 716.
No. 94-9042. PRUNTY V. ROGERS ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1472.
No. 94-9060. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF MICHIGAN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9067. TILLI V. SOWECKE ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

June 26, 1995

No. 94-9068. TUGGLE V. EDMONDSON, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF OKLAHOMA, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1152.
No. 94-9071. GILES v. PARKER, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9080. LAZZELL V. CAIN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 530.
No. 94-9085. PREBLICH V. BATTLEY. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1144.
No. 94-9089. LANE V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 943.
No. 94-9093. BELL v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 338 N. C. 363, 450 S. E. 2d 710.
No. 94-9095. BERGMANN v. NIESKE. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9096. EVERETTE V. ROTH, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 257.
No. 94-9097. ALEXANDER V. WARD, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 424.
No. 94-9107. DAwsoN v. THOMAS, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1071.
No. 94-9108. HARRISON v. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9116. WOODS v. FCC NATIONAL BANK. Ct. App. Ohio, Montgomery County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9118. KEITHLEY v. HOPKINS, WARDEN. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1216.
No. 94-9122. RIGGINS V. WASHINGTON, DIRECTOR, ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 492.
No. 94-9126. HELLER V. STEINDLER ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.

1164

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 26, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-9128. SUMMERS V. WELBORN, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1225.
No. 94-9129. POE v. GAMMON, SUPERINTENDENT, MOBERLY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1173.
No. 94-9130. PAGE V. PUNG ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1224.
No. 94-9131. STEPHEN V. ZULFACAR. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1145.
No. 94-9132. REEDOM v. MOSLEY ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 1041.
No. 94-9133. ORR V. BORG, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1143.
No. 94-9137. M. M. v. KANSAS. Ct. App. Kan. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 Kan. App. 2d xvii, 888 P. 2d 414.
No. 94-9138. JOHNSON V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 71 Ohio St. 3d 332, 643 N. E. 2d 1098.
No. 94-9142. SUDDUTH v. HARGETT, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9143. RODRIGUEZ V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9146. BRUNNER V. CAIN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9148. SCHORN V. MACK ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1170.
No. 94-9150. SCUDDER V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 71 Ohio St. 3d 263, 643 N. E. 2d 524.
No. 94-9158. BURNETT V. CAIN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1005.
No. 94-9159. COOPER v. NASH ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

June 26, 1995

No. 94-9165. MCCALL v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1219.
No. 94-9166. BooTHE v. EQUIFAX CREDIT INFORMATION SERVICES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 677.
No. 94-9167. ATKINS v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 965 F. 2d 952.
No. 94-9169. BENTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9175. ROAQUIN v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1182.
No. 94-9177. PUDDER, AKA CROMAR V. IRWIN ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 285.
No. 94-9184. WALKER V. LOUISIANA. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 648 So. 2d 914.
No. 94-9185. KYONG SIK Kim v. VIRGINIA ET AL. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9187. WANLESS V. PARKS ET AL. Sup. Ct. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9189. GOYNES v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9191. DAVIS v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DMSION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9195. THAYER V. MAINE. Sup. Jud. Ct. Me. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9211. ALEXANDER V. MACOUBRIE ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 277.
No. 94-9212. ARTEAGA V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

1166

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 26, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-9217. THOMAS v. MCCOTTER, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, UTAH DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 1476.
No. 94-9232. COLEMAN V. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1223.
No. 94-9261. MARI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 782.
No. 94-9294. HUNTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 430.
No.. 94-9302. MARQUEZ-PAYARES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1007.
No. 94-9303. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 70.
No. 94-9322. McNAiR, AKA TURNER V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-9329. SMITH V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 535.
No. 94-9328. ROUTLY V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1279.
No. 94-9332. HARRISON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1187.
No. 94-9338. DORTCH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-9362. LEGREE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1166.
No. 94-9363. RENFROE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1120.
No. 94-9371. SAMUEL-BEY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 532.
No. 94-9377. MIGUEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 505.

ORDERS

1167

515 U. S.

June 26, 1995

No. 94-9382. WILKINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1560.
No. 94-9384. Wu v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9385. TORRES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1172.
No. 94-9387. NEWBY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1183.
No. 94-9388. BEEBE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 M. J. 100.
No. 94-9389. CLEVELAND V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1146.
No. 94-9392. RUFF v. BEAVER ET AL. Ct. App. Tenn. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9400. FERNANDEZ ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9401. GREEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 461.
No. 94-9402. GENOA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1171.
No. 94-9403. EKWUNIFE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 66.
No. 94-9406. HERALD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1225.
No. 94-9411. STARK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1229.
No. 94-9412. STRICKLAND V. WALKER, SUPERINTENDENT, AUBURN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 54 F. 3d 766.
No. 94-9414. ALLEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 294.
No. 94-9418. HOLMES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 17.

1168

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 26, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-9419. FORNEY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 54 F. 3d 774.
No. 94-9420. HUNTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1494.
No. 94-9426. RICE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 378.
No. 94-9430. GRIFFIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1147.
No. 94-9431. RONAYNE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 53 F. 3d 332.
No. 94-9432. ADWAY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1146.
No. 94-9433. DORSEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 809.
No. 94-9442. DEASON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 731.
No. 94-9444. SHORT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1229.
No. 94-9446. RILEY v. NEWBERRY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9449. WOODS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 733.
No. 94-9451. MENDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 1045.
No. 94-9454. PERRY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1128.
No. 94-9460. BAKER V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 691.
No. 94-9461. AHANEKU V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 52 F. 3d 322.
No. 94-9463. BURROWS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1011.

ORDERS

1169

515 U. S.

June 26, 1995

No. 94-9466. JUDA ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 961.
No. 94-9467. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 18.
No. 94-9468. VILA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1177.
No. 94-9469. YOUNG V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 1405.
No. 94-9470. VELASQUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1222.
No. 94-9472. HOLLOWAY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 424.
No. 94-9479. SPRADLEY V. WHITE, CLERK, SUPREME COURT OF FLORIDA. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 679.
No. 94-9483. LUNSFORD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 428.
No. 94-9484. MORAN-LEON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1177.
No. 94-9491. JONES v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 339 N. C. 114, 451 S. E. 2d 826.
No. 94-1811. CUTLER ET AL. V. PHILLIPS PETROLEUM CO. Sup. Ct. Wash. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 124 Wash. 2d 749, 881 P. 2d 216.

No. 94-1819. Fox ET AL. v. BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Motion of Student Association of the State University of New York, Inc., for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 135.
No. 94-8806. AMSDEN V. SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari before judgment denied. JUSTICE

1170

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 26, 27, 29, 1995

515 U. S.

BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.

Rehearing Denied
No. 94-802. PURKETT, SUPERINTENDENT, FARMINGTON CORRECTIONAL CENTER V. ELEM, 514 U. S. 765;
No. 94-1460. CULP v. WISMER & BECKER ET AL., 514 U. S. 1108;
No. 94-1529. HUDSON v. FIRST FIDELITY BANK, N. A., NEW JERSEY, FKA FIRST NATIONAL STATE BANK, 514 U.S. 1108;
No. 94-1543. WARREN V. KENTUCKY, 514 U. S. 1109; No. 94-1574. KALIARDOS v. GENERAL MOTORS CORP. ET AL., 514 U. S. 1110; No. 94-1619. DOUGLAS V. FIrST SECURITY FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK ET AL., 514 U. S. 1128; No. 94-8255. LITZENBERG V. CARR, JUDGE, CIRCUIT COURT OF MARYLAND, HARFORD COUNTY, ET AL., 514 U.S. 1085; No. 94-8313. PRICE v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL, 514 U. S. 1114; No. 94-8374. FENELON V. UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE, 514 U.S. 1114; and No. 94-8683. WHITE v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, 514 U. S. 1131. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 94-7778. DARBY v. UNITED STATES, 514 U.S. 1097. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.

JUNE 27, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46 No. 94-9205. IN RE VEY. Petition for writ of habeas corpus
dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.

JUNE 29, 1995
Affirmed and Dismissed on Appeal No. 94-275. DEWITT ET AL. V. WILSON, GOVERNOR OF CALI-
FORNIA, ET AL. Appeal from D. C. E. D. Cal. With respect to Questions 1 through 4 presented by the statement as to jurisdic-

ORDERS

516 U. S.

June 29, 1995

tion, judgment affirmed. With respect to Questions 5 and 6, appeal dismissed. Reported below: 856 F. Supp. 1409.

CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 94-1242. KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS COUNCIL No. 2961 ET AL. v. TowN OF TRUMBULL ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Capitol Square Review and Advisory Bd. v. Pinette, ante, p. 753. Reported below: 67 F. 3d 290.

Miscellaneous Orders
No. D-1532. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CRAWFORD. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1060.]
No. D-1566. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CRIKELAIR. It is ordered that Paul B. Crikelair, of Ventura, Cal., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1567. IN RE DISBARMENT OF OLSEN. It is ordered that Kim David Olsen, of San Francisco, Cal., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1568. IN RE DISBARMENT OF LmA. It is ordered that Norman I. Lida, of New York, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1569. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KELLY. It is ordered that Leo C. Kelly, of Albuquerque, N. M., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1570. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WHEELER. It is ordered that Gregory H. Wheeler, of Mt. Laurel, N. J., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

1172

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

June 29, 1995

515 U. S.

No. D-1571. IN RE DISBARMENT OF PECK. It is ordered that Michael Allan Peck, of Hartford, Conn., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1572. IN RE DISBARMENT OF GIAmPA. It is ordered that Richard L. Giampa, of Peekskill, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1578. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HOPPMANN. It is ordered that Barbara E. Hoppmann, of Brooklyn, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring her to show cause why she should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 94-8845. TABAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of petitioner to consolidate this petition with No. 94-7427, Libretti v. United States [certiorari granted, 514 U. S. 1035], denied.

Probable JurisdictionNoted
No. 94-805. BUSH, GOVERNOR OF TEXAS, ET AL. V. VERA
ET AL.;
No. 94-806. LAWSON ET AL. V. VERA ET AL.; and No. 94-988. UNITED STATES V. VERA ET AL. Appeals from D. C. S. D. Tex. Probable jurisdiction noted, cases consolidated, and a total of one hour allotted for oral argument. Reported below: 861 F. Supp. 1304.
No. 94-923. SHAW ET AL. v. HUNT, GOVERNOR OF NORTH CAROLINA, ET AL.; and
No. 94-924. POPE ET AL. V. HUNT, GOVERNOR OF NORTH
CAROLINA, ET AL. Appeals from D. C. E. D. N. C. Probable jurisdiction noted, cases consolidated, and a total of one hour allotted for oral argument. Reported below: 861 F. Supp. 408.

CertiorariGranted
No. 94-1654. HEISER ET AL. V. UMBEHR. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 876.

ORDERS

1173

515 U. S.

June 29, 30, July 17, 1995

No. 95-5015 (A-2). LONCHAR v. THOMAS, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the Court, granted. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted. THE CHIEF JUSTICE and JUSTICE SCALIA would deny the application for stay and the petition for writ of certiorari. Reported below: 58 F. 3d 590.

CertiorariDenied
No. 94-1299. SCHOOL DISTRICT OF THE CITY OF LADUE, MISSOURI, ET AL. v. GOOD NEWS/GOOD SPORTS CLUB ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1501.

No. 94-1423. PELOZA V. CAPISTRANO UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 37 F. 3d 517.

CertiorariDenied

JUNE 30, 1995

No. 95-5017 (A-3). STAFFORD V. WARD, WARDEN. C. A. 10th
Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE BREYER, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 60 F. 3d 668.

No. 95-5021 (A-13). STAFFORD V. WARD, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE BREYER, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS would
grant the application for stay of execution of sentence of death.
Reported below: 59 F. 3d 1025.

No. 95-5029 (A-12). STAFFORD V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE BREYER, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 899 P. 2d 657.

CertiorariDenied

JULY 17, 1995

No. 95-5195 (A-41). BOLENDER V. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the Court, denied.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 658 So. 2d 82.

1174

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

July 18, 26, 27, 28, 1995

515 U. S.

Miscellaneous Order JULY 18, 1995
No. A-50. BOLENDER V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA
DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the Court, denied. JUSTICE SCALIA took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.

CertiorariDenied No. 95-5230 (A-49). BOLENDER v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla.
Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE SCALIA took no part in the consideration or decision of this application and this petition. Reported below: 661 So. 2d 278.
JULY 26, 1995
Miscellaneous Order. (For the Court's order approving revisions to the Rules of this Court, see post, p. 1196.)

JULY 27, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-2032. FRANKLIN ET AL. v. BEASLEY, GOVERNOR OF SOUTH CAROLINA, ET AL. Appeal from D. C. S. C. Stipulation to dismiss the appeal as to David Beasley, Governor of South Carolina; Edwin Huggins, Willard Lawrimore, and J. Wesley Kennedy, as Members of the Hemingway Annexation Steering Committee; and the Hemingway Annexation Steering Committee filed, and appeal dismissed as to these appellees under this Court's Rule 46.1.
JULY 28, 1995 Miscellaneous Orders
No. A-947. FLESCHNER ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. Application for bail, addressed to JUSTICE THOMAS and referred to the Court, denied.
No. A-34 (0. T. 1995). WOLFBERG ET UX. v. GREENBERG. C. A. 10th Cir. Application for stay, addressed to JUSTICE KENNEDY and referred to the Court, denied.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

July 31, August 3, 10, 11, 1995

Rehearing Denied

JULY 31, 1995

No. 94-8922 (A-73). BRECHEEN V. WARD, WARDEN, ante,
p. 1135. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE BREYER, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Petition for rehearing denied.

AUGUST 3, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-1978. FARMER v. HAWK, DIRECTOR, FEDERAL BUREAU
OF PRISONS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.1. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 36.

AUGUST 10, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-2077. FITZGERALD ET AL. V. MOUNTAIN STATES TELE-
PHONE & TELEGRAPH CO., DBA U. S. WEST COMMUNICATIONS,
INC. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.
AUGUST 11, 1995 Miscellaneous Orders
No. D-1333. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SHARP. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 510 U. S. 987.]
No. D-1365. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MICELLI. It having been reported to the Court that Nicholas Angelo Micelli, of Los Angeles, Cal., has died, the rule to show cause, heretofore issued on February 22, 1994 [510 U. S. 1105], is hereby discharged.
No. D-1535. IN RE DISBARMENT OF FRANKUM. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1061.]
No. D-1542. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KITSOS. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1081.]
No. D-1546. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SMITH. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1106.]
No. D-1547. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SEALY. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1106.]

1176

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

August 11, 1995

515 U. S.

No. D-1548. IN RE DISBARMENT OF DICKINSON. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 514 U. S. 1106.]
No. D-1549. IN RE DISBARMENT OF JAN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1120.]
No. D-1550. IN RE DISBARMENT OF DIUGUID. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1120.]
No. D-1551. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WEEKS. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1120.]
No. D-1554. IN RE DISBARMENT OF OFFNER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1120.]
No. D-1555. IN RE DISBARMENT OF FEiT. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1129.]
No. D-1556. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WARTER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1129.]
No. D-1557. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HILGENDORF. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1129.]
No. D-1574. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MUHAMMAD. It is ordered that Ahmad Raheem Muhammad, of Lorman, Miss., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1575. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ROSENBLUM. It is ordered that Sheldon Rosenblum, of Little Neck, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1576. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ROSS. It is ordered that John Michael Ross, of El Cajon, Cal., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1577. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ORTMAN. It is ordered that William Andrew Ortman, of Farmington Hills, Mich., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule

ORDERS

515 U. S.

August 11, 1995

issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1578. IN RE DISBARMENT OF THROWER. It is ordered that John Snow Thrower, Jr., of Opelika, Ala., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1579. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KOHNEN. It is ordered that David A. Kohnen, of Cincinnati, Ohio, be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1580. IN RE DISBARMENT OF EWERS. It is ordered that James J. Ewers, of Yankton, S. D., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1581. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CRAWFORD. It is ordered that Desiree White Crawford, of Henderson, N. C., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring her to show cause why she should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1582. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KELLNER. It is ordered that Fred Neal Kellner, of Coral Gables, Fla., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1583. IN RE DISBARMENT OF TACHE. It is ordered that Simon W. Tache, of Philadelphia, Pa., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable
within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not
be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1584. IN RE DISBARMENT OF FELMAN. It is ordered that David Sherman Felman, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule
issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

1178

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

August 11, 1995

515 U. S.

CertiorariDenied
No. 95-5328 (A-123). SATTIEWHITE V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR,
TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DI-
VISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS and JUSTICE GINSBURG would grant the application for stay of execution. Reported below: 53 F. 3d 1281.
No. 95-5543 (A-138). BRECHEEN V. WARD, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE BREYER, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 62 F. 3d 1428.
Rehearing Denied
No. D-1485. IN RE DISBARMENT OF JACOBS, ante, p. 1139; No. 93-9218. BOYD v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS, 513 U. S. 837; No. 94-1339. MALTBY V. WINSTON ET AL., ante, p. 1141; No. 94-1388. BERRY ET AL. V. PARRISH, KANSAS SECURITIES COMMISSIONER, 514 U.S. 1064; No. 94-1482. CLOUSER ET AL. v. GLICKMAN, SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE, ET AL., ante, p. 1141; No. 94-1521. SPENCER V. MRS. BAIRD'S BAKERIES, INC., ET AL., 514 U. S. 1108; No. 94-1532. PARKING ASSOCIATION OF GEORGIA, INC., ET AL. v. CITY OF ATLANTA, GEORGIA, ante, p. 1116; No. 94-1551. SNEAD ET AL. v. GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER Co., 514 U. S. 1096; No. 94-1607. NEAL V. BROWN ET AL., 514 U. S. 1127; No. 94-1672. SHUMATE v. NCNB CORP., ante, p. 1104; No. 94-1680. WILSON v. CALIFORNIA WORKERS' COMPENSATION APPEALS BOARD ET AL., ante, p. 1104; No. 94-1733. TURNER, AKA FOUTZ V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1104; No. 94-1759. ELLINGTON ET AL. V. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF Los ANGELES, ET AL., ante, p. 1143; No. 94-1781. ATTORNEY R v. MIssISsIPPI BAR, ante, p. 1144; No. 94-1852. ALLEY v. GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORP., ante, p. 1145;

ORDERS

515 U. S.

August 11, 1995

No. 94-7286. PERRYMAN V. PRADO, JUDGE, UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, 513 U.S. 1166;
No. 94-7789. DEBARDELEBEN v. QUINLAN ET AL., ante, p. 1105;
No. 94-8195. MCCULLUM V. JACKSON PUBLIC SCHOOL DISTRICT, 514 U.S. 1070;
No. 94-8273. HUDSPETH V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1105; No. 94-8377. CHASE v. MISSISSIPPI, ante, p. 1123; No. 94-8379. MARTIN v. LOUISIANA, ante, p. 1105; No. 94-8502. BARWICK V. CITY OF AURORA, COLORADO, ANIMAL CARE DMSION, 514 U. S. 1117; No. 94-8560. CSOKA v. UNITED STATES ET AL., 514 U. S. 1119; No. 94-8576. GAMBLE v. TERRY, 514 U. S. 1119; No. 94-8628. IN RE BEARDEN, 514 U. S. 1126; No. 94-8655. MASON V. CALIFORNIA, 514 U. S. 1131; No. 94-8666. BROWN v. MURRAY, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, 514 U.S. 1131; No. 94-8675. BLACKSTON v. BECKER, JUDGE, UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE THIRD CIRCUIT, ET AL., ante, p. 1133; No. 94-8705. DOUGLASS V. ESTATE OF DOUGLASS, ante, p. 1106; No. 94-8707. WEEKS v. KAY & ASSOCIATES, INC., 514 U. S. 1120; No. 94-8712. MARTIN V. PETERS ET AL., ante, p. 1106; No. 94-8722. ROBERTS V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ante, p. 1133; No. 94-8725. BRANNON v. LAMAINA; and HINTE V. SHUPE, ante, p. 1106; No. 94-8734. WATSON V. MONROE, WARDEN, ante, p. 1106; No. 94-8775. WALLACE, AKA COLE V. WALLACE, ante, p. 1107;
No. 94-8778. VOHRA V. SIKAND ENGINEERING ASSOCIATES
ET AL., ante, p. 1123;
No. 94-8780. WILLIAMS v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL, ante, p. 1123;
No. 94-8781. MILLER V. WHITE, WARDEN, ante, p. 1123; No. 94-8786. ADAMS v. MOORE, DIRECTOR, SOUTH CAROLINA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ante, p. 1124; No. 94-8802. SWAIN V. VIRGINIA, ante, p. 1124;

1180

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

August 11, 1995

515 U. S.

No. 94-8843. SIBAY V. CRESTAR FINANCIAL CORP. ET AL., ante, p. 1125;
No. 94-8844. BUSCH v. NIX ET AL., ante, p. 1133; No. 94-8846. JACOBS V. SUPREME COURT OF MISSOURI, ante, p. 1133; No. 94-8856. IGNACIO v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS, ante, p. 1125; No. 94-8904. JONES v. ROADWAY EXPRESS, INC., ante, p. 1135; No. 94-8927. JONES ET AL. v. NORTH WOODLAND HILLS COM-
MUNITY ASSN., ante, p. 1135; No. 94-8941. ALEXANDER V. JOHNSON ET AL., ante, p. 1146; No. 94-8954. VOHRA V. CALIFORNIA WORKERS' COMPENSATION
APPEALS BOARD ET AL., ante, p. 1146; No. 94-8958. SCHWARZ V. INTERPOL ET AL., ante, p. 1146; No. 94-8959. SCHWARZ V. CHURCH OF SCIENTOLOGY INTERNA-
TIONAL ET AL., ante, p. 1146; No. 94-8978. WOOD v. ARIZONA, ante, p. 1147; No. 94-8991. MINCEY V. THOMAS, WARDEN, ante, p. 1147; No. 94-9017. TOBIAS v. TEXAS, ante, p. 1126; No. 94-9051. HUNDLEY v. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1109; No. 94-9063. MORGAN V. MACDONALD ET AL., ante, p. 1148; No. 94-9071. GILES V. PARKER, WARDEN, ante, p. 1163; No. 94-9097. ALEXANDER V. WARD, WARDEN, ante, p. 1163; No. 94-9160. BUTLER v. RICHARDS ET AL., ante, p. 1136; No. 94-9190. FREEMAN V. CALIFORNIA, ante, p. 1149; No. 94-9206. Aziz v. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1128;
No. 94-9222.. SMITH v. DRUG ENFORCEMENT AGENCY ET AL., ante, p. 1128;
No. 94-9232. COLEMAN v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION, ante, p. 1166;
No. 94-9235. MARK V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1149; No. 94-9267. CARROLL ET AL. V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1150; No. 94-9273. LOCKETT V. MISSISSIPPI, ante, p. 1150; No. 94-9274. LOCKETT V. MISSISSIPPI, ante, p. 1150; No. 94-9348. WALDEMER V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1151; and No. 94-9392. RUFF v. BEAVER ET AL., ante, p. 1167. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 94-1404. ATTAR ET AL. V. UNITED STATES, 514 U. S. 1107. Motion of petitioner Amir James Attar for leave to proceed fur-

ORDERS

515 U. S.

August 11, 15, 16, 17, 1995

ther herein in forma pauperis granted. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 94-7212. CUPIT v. WHITLEY, WARDEN, 513 U. S. 1163; and No. 94-8440. BOAL v. DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY, 514 U. S. 1116. Motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.

AUGUST 15, 1995 Miscellaneous Order
No. A-156 (0. T. 1995). MOSER, BY AND THROUGH HOLLAND v. HORN, COMMISSIONER, PENNSYLVANIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Application to vacate the stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SOUTER, and by him re-
ferred to the Court, granted. JUSTICE STEVENS, JUSTICE SOUTER, JUSTICE GINSBURG, and JUSTICE BREYER would deny the application to vacate the stay of execution.

AUGUST 16, 1995 Miscellaneous Orders
No. A-158 (0. T. 1995). MOSER, BY AND THROUGH HOLLAND v. HORN, COMMISSIONER, PENNSYLVANIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. Application to vacate the order of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, presented to JUSTICE SOUTER, and by him referred to the Court, denied. CHIEF JUSTICE REHNQUIST would grant the application to vacate.
No. A-159 (0. T. 1995). MOSER, BY AND THROUGH HOLLAND v. HORN, COMMISSIONER, PENNSYLVANIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. Application to vacate the stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SOUTER, and by him referred to the Court, granted. JUSTICE STEVENS, JUSTICE SOUTER, JUSTICE GINSBURG, and JUSTICE BREYER would deny the application to vacate the stay of execution.
AUGUST 17, 1995
Miscellaneous Orders
No. A-163 (0. T. 1995). ADAMS v. MOORE, COMMISSIONER, SOUTH CAROLINA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to THE CHIEF JUSTICE, and by him referred to the Court, denied.

1182

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

August 17, 31, September 1, 1995 '

515 U. S.

No. A-164 (0. T. 1995). ADAMS v. MOORE, COMMISSIONER,
SOUTH CAROLINA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to THE CHIEF JUSTICE, and by him referred to the Court, denied.

CertiorariDenied

AUGUST 31, 1995

No. 95-5789 (A-201). FAIRCHILD v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE THOMAS, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.

SEPTEMBER 1, 1995

Vacated and Remanded After CertiorariGranted
No. 94-1660. AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC. v. LOCKWOOD. C. A. Fed. Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1121.] Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern District of California with instructions to proceed with the case.

Miscellaneous Orders
No. D-1552. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CACIOPPo. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1120.]
No. D-1559. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CREWELL. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1140.]
No. D-1562. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BARLOW. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1155.]
No. D-1565. IN RE DISBARMENT OF GOULD. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1156.]
No. D-1566. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CRIKELAIR. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1171.]
No. D-1568. IN RE DISBARMENT OF LIDA. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1171.]
No. D-1579. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KOHNEN. David A. Kohnen, of Cincinnati, Ohio, having requested to resign as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken

ORDERS

515 U. S.

September 1, 1995

from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court. The rule to show cause, heretofore issued on August 11, 1995 [ante, p. 1177], is hereby discharged.

No. D-1585. IN RE DISBARMENT OF PALMISANO. It is ordered that Joseph Christopher Palmisano, of Scottsdale, Ariz., be sus-
pended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

Rehearing Denied
No. 94-1359. CLEMENTS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES, 514 U. S.
1107; No. 94-8558. BELL v. WASHINGTON, WARDEN, 514 U.S. 1119; No. 94-8577. HUBBARD v. LOWE, 514 U.S. 1100; No. 94-8804. IN RE SATO, ante, p. 1130; No. 94-8920. HIGHTOWER v. THOMAS, WARDEN, ante, p. 1162; No. 94-8938. HAYS V. ARENDS ET AL., ante, p. 1135; No. 94-9067. TILU V. SOWECKE ET AL., ante, p. 1162; No. 94-9095. BERGMANN v. NIESKE, ante, p. 1163; No. 94-9115. IN RE AwoFOLU, ante, p. 1157; No. 94-9185. KYONG SIK KIM v. VIRGINIA ET AL., ante, p. 1165; No. 94-9192. GREEN V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ante, p. 1149;
No. 94-9212. ARTEAGA V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, ante, p. 1165;
No. 94-9217. THOMAS v. MCCOTTER, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, UTAH DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL., ante, p. 1166; and
No. 94-9491. JONES V.NORTH CAROLINA, ante, p. 1169. Petitions for rehearing denied.

Assignment Order
An order of THE CHIEF JUSTICE designating and assigning Justice Powell (retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit during the period from September 25, 1995, through June 7, 1996, and for such time as may be required to complete unfinished business, pursuant to 28 U.S. C. § 294(a), is ordered entered on the minutes of this Court, pursuant to 28 U. S. C. § 295.

1184

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

September 8, 11, 13, 1995

515 U. S.

SEPTEMBER 8, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 95-276. GRossI v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1452.

Miscellaneous Order
No. 95-132 (A-181). VOINOVICH, GOVERNOR OF OHIO, ET AL.
v. QUILTER, SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE OF OHIO HOUSE OF REPRE-
SENTATIVES, ET AL. Appeal from D. C. N. D. Ohio. Application for stay of orders issued by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio in case No. 5:91CV-2219 on April 28, May 26, and August 11, 1995, presented to JUSTICE STEVENS, and by him referred to the Court, granted pending further order of this Court. It is further ordered that appellees' motion to dismiss or affirm in case No. 95-378, Voinovich, Governor of Ohio, et al. v. Quilter, Speaker Pro Tempore of Ohio House of Representatives, et al., shall be filed within 10 days of the date of this order.
SEPTEMBER 11, 1995
Dismissals Under Rule 46
No. 122, Orig. TExAs ET AL. v. LOUISIANA ET AL. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.1.
No. 94-2125. HANSEN ET AL. V. MIDLANTIC NATIONAL BANK. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.1. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 693.

SEPTEMBER 13, 1995
Miscellaneous Orders
No. A-251 (0. T. 1995). LEwIS, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. V. JEFFERS. Application to vacate the stay of execution of sentence of death granted by the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit on September 13, 1995, presented to JUSTICE O'CONNOR, and by her referred to the Court, denied.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

September 13, 1995

No. D-1553. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BROWN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1120.]
No. D-1560. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WASHINGTON. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1140.]
No. D-1561. IN RE DISBARMENT OF FUSILER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1155.]

No. D-1563. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ROBERTSON. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1155.]
No. D-1567. IN RE DISBARMENT OF OLSEN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1171.]

No. D-1569. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KELLY. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1171.]

No. D-1570. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WHEELER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1171.]
No. D-1586. IN RE DISBARMENT OF GLASSMAN. It is ordered that John Steven Glassman, of Tacoma, Wash., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1587. IN RE DISBARMENT OF GENINS. It is ordered that John Genins, of Atlanta, Ga., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1588. IN RE DISBARMENT OF JACKSON. It is ordered that Gregory Keith Jackson, of Southfield, Mich., be suspended
from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. 121, Orig. LOUISIANA V. MISSISSIPPI ET AL. Motion of defendants for divided argument granted. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., 514 U. S. 1002.]

No. 94-967. FIELD ET AL. V. MANS. C. A. 1st Cir. [Certiorari granted, 514 U. S. 1095.] Motion of the Solicitor General for

1186

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

September 13, 1995

515 U. S.

leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-1244. BEHRENS V. PELLETIER. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 514 U. S. 1035.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-1471. VARITY CORP. V. HOWE ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 514 U. S. 1082.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-8729. BENNIS V. MICHIGAN. Sup. Ct. Mich. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1121.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-1140. 44 LIQUORMART, INC., ET AL. v. RHODE ISLAND ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. [Certiorari granted, 514 U. S. 1095.] Motion of respondent Rhode Island Liquor Stores Association for divided argument denied.
No. 94-1175. BANK ONE CHICAGO, N. A. v. MIDWEST BANK & TRUST Co. C. A. 7th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1157.] Motion of Electronic Check Clearing House Organization for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-1361. ZICHERMAN, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS EXECUTRIX OF THE ESTATE OF KOLE, ET AL. v. KOREAN AIR LINES CO., LTD.; and
No. 94-1477. KOREAN AIR LINES Co., LTD. V. ZICHERMAN, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS EXECUTRIX OF THE ESTATE OF KOLE, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. [Certiorari granted, 514 U. S. 1062.] Motion of Pan American World Airways, Inc., for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted.
No. 94-1387. YAMAHA MOTOR CORP., U. S. A., ET AL. v. CAL-
HOUN ET AL., INDIVIDUALLY AND AS ADMINISTRATORS OF THE
ESTATE OF CALHOUN, DECEASED. C. A. 3d Cir. [Certiorari granted, 514 U. S. 1126.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided

ORDERS

1187

515 U. S.

September 13, 15, 18, 1995

argument granted. Motion of Maritime Law Association of the United States for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument denied.
No. 94-1530. THINGS REMEMBERED, INC. V. PETRARCA. C. A. 6th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 514 U. S. 1095.] Motion of Connecticut Bar Association, Commercial Law and Bankruptcy Section, for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted.
No. 94-1592. BROTHERHOOD OF LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS ET AL. v. ATCHISON, TOPEKA & SANTA FE RAILROAD CO. ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1141.] Motion of the Solicitor General for divided argument granted.
No. 94-1809. MATSUSHITA ELECTRIC INDUSTRIAL Co., LTD., ET AL. v. EPSTEIN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1141.] Motion of Washington Legal Foundation et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted.
CertiorariDenied
No. 95-5956 (A-256). JEFFERS v. LEWIS, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE O'CONNOR, and by her referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE SCALIA took no part in the consideration or decision of this application and this petition. Reported below: 68 F. 3d 299.
SEPTEMBER 15, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-2054. NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES CO., DBA NESCO, ET AL. V.TRACER RESEARCH CORP. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.1. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1292.
CertiorariDenied
No. 94-9112. STOCKTON V. ANGELONE, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 920.

CertiorariDenied SEPTEMBER 18, 1995
No. 95-5990 (A-263). JOHNSON V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION.

1188

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

September 18, 19, 20, 21, 1995

515 U. S.

C. A. 5th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS and JusTICE GINSBURG would grant the application for stay of execution. Reported below: 68 F. 3d 470.

SEPTEMBER 19, 1995
Miscellaneous Order No. A-277 (0. T. 1995). ALBANESE V. PETERS, DIRECTOR, ILLI-
NOIS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE STEVENS, and by him referred to the Court, denied.
Assignment Order An order of THE CHIEF JUSTICE designating and assigning
Justice White (retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit during the period October 18 through October 19, 1995, and for such time as may be required to complete unfinished business, pursuant to 28 U. S. C. §294(a), is ordered entered on the minutes of this Court, pursuant to 28 U. S. C. §295.
SEPTEMBER 20, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46 No. 94-9791. IN RE PELTIER. C. A. 8th Cir. Petition for
writ of habeas corpus or in the alternative petition for writ of certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.

SEPTEMBER 21, 1995
Miscellaneous Orders No. A-270 (95-6016). TUGGLE v. NETHERLAND, WARDEN.
C. A. 4th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to THE CHIEF JUSTICE, and by him referred to the Court, granted pending the disposition by this Court of the petition for writ of certiorari. Should the petition for writ of certiorari be denied, this stay terminates automatically. In the event the petition for writ of certiorari is granted, this stay shall continue pending the sending down of the judgment of this Court.

ORDERS

515 U. S.

September 21, 26, 27, 1995

No. A-285 (0. T. 1995). THOMPSON, AS NEXT FRIEND OF INGLE v. FRENCH, WARDEN. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to THE CHIEF JUSTICE, and by him referred to the Court, denied.

SEPTEMBER 26, 1995
Dismissals Under Rule 46
No. 95-5016. JACKSON V. JONES, COMMISSIONER, ALABAMA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1350.
No. 95-25. SILVA ET AL. V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari dismissed as to Edward Silva and Silva Harvesting under this Court's Rule 46. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 203.
CertiorariDenied
No. 95-5076. VAUGHN v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
SEPTEMBER 27, 1995
Miscellaneous Orders
No. A-241 (0. T. 1995). OWENS-CORNING FIBERGLAS CORP. V. REKDAHL ET UX. Application for stay of judgment, presented to JUSTICE O'CONNOR, and by her referred to the Court, granted to the extent that the execution and enforcement of the punitive damages portion of the judgment of the Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, Division Three, case No. B068259, entered on May 25, 1995, and modified on June 20, 1995, is stayed pending the timely filing and disposition by this Court of a petition for writ of certiorari. THE CHIEF JUSTICE took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.*
No. A-302 (0. T. 1995). STOCKTON V. ANGELONE, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE STEVENS, and by him referred to the Court, denied. THE CHIEF JUSTICE took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
*[REPORTER'S NOTE: For amendment of this order, see post, p. 1192.]

1190

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

September 27, 1995

515 U. S.

CertiorariGranted
No. 94-1614. WISCONSIN v. CITY OF NEW YORK ET AL.;
No. 94-1631. OKLAHOMA V. CITY OF NEW YORK ET AL.; and No. 94-1985. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE ET AL. V. CITY OF NEW YORK ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari granted, cases con-
solidated, and a total of one hour allotted for oral argument. Briefs of petitioners are to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, November 9, 1995. Briefs of respondents are to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Friday, December 8, 1995. Reply briefs, if any, are to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 28, 1995. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1114.
No. 94-1664. KOON v. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8842. POWELL v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari in No. 94-1664 granted limited to Question 1 presented by the petition. Motion of petitioner in No. 94-8842 for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari in No. 94-8842 granted limited to Question 4 presented by the petition. Cases consolidated and a total of one hour allotted for oral argument. Briefs of petitioners are to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, November 9, 1995. Brief of respondent is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Friday, December 8, 1995. Reply briefs, if any, are to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 28, 1995. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1416.
No. 94-1837. BARNETT BANK OF MARION COUNTY, N. A. v.
GALLAGHER, FLORIDA INSURANCE COMMISSIONER, ET AL. C. A.
11th Cir. Motion of Consumer Bankers Association et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioner is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, November 9, 1995. Brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Friday, December 8, 1995. A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 28,

ORDERS

515 U. S.

September 27, 1995

1995. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 631.
No. 94-1966. LOVING V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari granted limited to Questions 1, 2, and 3 presented by the petition. Brief of petitioner is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, November 9, 1995. Brief of respondent is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Friday, December 8, 1995. A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 28, 1995. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 41 M. J. 213.

No. 94-2003. LoTus DEVELOPMENT CORP. V. BORLAND INTERNATIONAL, INC. C. A. 1st Cir. Motions of Intellectual Property Owners and Information Technology Industry Council for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioner is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, November 9, 1995. Brief of respondent is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Friday, December 8, 1995. A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 28, 1995. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. JUSTICE STEVENS took no part in the consideration or decision of these motions and this petition. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 807.
No. 94-9247. CARLISLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioner is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, November 9, 1995. Brief of respondent is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Friday, December 8, 1995. A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 28, 1995. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 190.
No. 95-6. NORFOLK & WESTERN RAILWAY Co. v. HILES. App. Ct. Ill., 5th Dist. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioner is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, November 9, 1995. Brief of respond-

1192

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

September 27, 28, 29, 1995

515 U. S.

ent is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Friday, December 8, 1995. A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 28, 1995. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 268 Ill. App. 3d 561, 644 N. E. 2d 508.
No. 95-26. MARKMAN ET AL. V. WESTVIEW INSTRUMENTS, INC., ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Motion of American Board of Trial Advocates for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioners is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, November 9, 1995. Brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Friday, December 8, 1995. A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 28, 1995. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 52 F. 3d 967.

No. 95-83. MEGHRIG ET AL. v. KFC WESTERN, INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioners is to be filed
with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, November 9, 1995. Brief of respondent is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or be-
fore 3 p.m., Friday, December 8, 1995. A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or
before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 28, 1995. This Court's Rule
29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 518.

SEPTEMBER 28, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-2100. INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD OF ELECTRICAL WORKERS, LOCAL UNION No. 1269 v. VIKMAN ET AL. Sup. Ct.
Colo. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.1. Reported below: 889 P. 2d 646.

SEPTEMBER 29, 1995
Miscellaneous Orders
No. A-241 (0. T. 1995). OWENS-CORNING FIBERGLAS CORP. V. REKDAHL ET ux. Application for stay of judgment, presented to

ORDERS

515 U. S.

September 29, 1995

JUSTICE O'CONNOR, and by her referred to the Court, granted. Execution and enforcement of that portion of the judgment of the Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, Division Three, case No. B068259, entered on May 25, 1995, and modified on June 20, 1995, awarding punitive damages against applicant Owens-Corning Fiberglas Corp. is stayed pending the timely filing and disposition by this Court of a petition for writ of certiorari. THE CHIEF JUSTICE took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. A-249 (0. T. 1995). BABBITT, SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR v. ENVIRONMENTAL DEFENSE CENTER. Application for stay, presented to JUSTICE O'CONNOR, and by her referred to the Court, granted, and it is ordered that the order of the United States District Court for the Central District of California is stayed until October 31, 1995, or such earlier time as the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit may take action on the Secretary's appeal. The Secretary remains at liberty to apply, in the first instance to the Court of Appeals, for an order extending the period of the stay in the event that the statutory restriction on the Secretary's commitment of fimds is renewed. THE CHIEF JUSTICE took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.

REPORTER'S NoTE
The next page is purposely numbered 1301. The numbers between 1273 and 1301 were intentionally omitted, in order to make it possible to publish in-chambers opinions with permanentpage numbers, thus making the official citations available upon publication of the preliminary prints of the United States Reports.

ORDERS FOR MARCH 3 THROUGH MAY 25, 1995

Miscellaneous Order MARCH 3, 1995
No. A-643 (94-8262). LACKEY v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, granted pending the disposition by this Court of the petition for writ of certiorari. Should the petition for writ of certiorari be denied, this stay terminates automatically. In the event the petition for writ of certiorari is granted, this stay shall continue pending the issuance of the mandate of this Court.

MARCH 6, 1995
CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 94-379. ANHEUSER-BUSCH COS., INC., ET AL. V. SUMMIT COFFEE CO. ET AL. Ct. App. Tex., 5th Dist. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Gustafson v. Alloyd Co., 513 U. S. 561 (1995). Reported below: 858 S. W. 2d 928.

Miscellaneous Orders

No. ---.

MOORE, GUARDIAN AD LITEM V. AETNA CAS-

UALTY & SURETY CO., INC. Motion for leave to proceed informa

pauperis without an affidavit of indigency executed by peti-

tioner granted.

No. A-543. PLY v. WASHINGTON. Application for bond, addressed to JUSTICE THOMAS and referred to the Court, denied.

No. A-610 (94-8080). HEARN V. WELLINGTON LEASING CO. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Application for stay of eviction, addressed to JUSTICE THOMAS and referred to the Court, denied.

No. D-1486. IN RE DISBARMENT OF COLLINS. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1073.]

No. D-1487. IN RE DISBARMENT OF OJI. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1073.]

1002

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 6, 1995

514 U. S.

No. D-1489. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ISRAEL. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1073.]
No. D-1492. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WOHLFARTH. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1073.]
No. D-1507. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BAIN. David Lee Bain, of San Diego, Cal., having requested to resign as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court. The rule to show cause, heretofore issued on February 21, 1995 [513 U. S. 1143], is hereby discharged.
No. D-1519. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HIGH. It is ordered that John Emerson High, of West Chester, Pa., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1520. IN RE DISBARMENT OF DIscIPIo. It is ordered that Francis M. Discipio, of Oak Brook, Ill., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 121, Orig. LOUISIANA V. MISSISSIPPI ET AL. Exceptions of Louisiana to the Report of the Special Master set for argument in due course. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., 513 U. S. 997.]
No. 93-1170. UNITED STATES ET AL. V. NATIONAL TREASURY EMPLOYEES UNION ET AL., 513 U. S. 454. Each side shall bear its own costs in this case. See this Court's Rule 43.2.
No. 94-558. UNITED STATES V. HAYS ET AL.; and No. 94-627. LOUISIANA ET AL. v. HAYS ET AL. D. C. W. D. La. [Probable jurisdiction noted, 513 U. S. 1056.] Motion of the Solicitor General for divided argument granted.

No. 94-631. MILLER ET AL. V. JOHNSON ET AL.; No. 94-797. ABRAMS ET AL. V. JOHNSON ET AL.; and No. 94-929. UNITED STATES V. JOHNSON ET AL. D. C. S. D. Ga. [Probable jurisdiction noted, 513 U. S. 1071.] Motions of Georgia Association of Black Elected Officials and National Voting Rights Institute for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

March 6, 1995

No. 94-749. HURLEY ET AL. V. IRISH-AMERICAN GAY, LESBIAN & BISEXUAL GROUP OF BOSTON ET AL. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass. [Certiorari granted, 513 U. S. 1071.] Motion of American Civil Liberties Union for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted.
No. 94-7852. WILLIAMS ET UX. V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Motion of petitioners for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. Petitioners are allowed until March 27, 1995, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit a petition in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.
No. 94-8044. IN RE AGRIO. Petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
Certiorari Denied No. 93-1638. MORGAN V. SWINT ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 5 F. 3d 1435 and 11 F. 3d 1030.
No. 94-830. USX CORP., FKA UNITED STATES STEEL CORP. V. UNITED STATES; and
No. 94-831. PHILLIPS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1565.
No. 94-849. MCDADE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 283.
No. 94-870. GARCIA V. CITY OF CHICAGO ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 966.
No. 94-1060. CLARK EQUIPMENT CO. ET AL. v. HABECKER, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ESTATE OF HABECKER, DECEASED, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 278.
No. 94-1074. PRYTZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 557.
No. 94-1077. HUNZIKER ET AL. V. IOWA. Sup. Ct. Iowa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 519 N. W. 2d 367.
No. 94-1200. WILLIAMS v. CITY OF GRANITE SHOALS, TEXAS. Ct. App. Tex., 3d Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1207. MANDANICI v. TOWN OF MONROE. App. Ct. Conn. Certiorari- denied. Reported below: 34 Conn. App. 915, 642 A. 2d 759.

1004

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 6, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-1209. KAMIN ET AL. v. T. L. C. SERVICES, INC. Commw. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 162 Pa. Commw. 547, 639 A. 2d 926.
No. 94-1210. HORN'S POULTRY, INC. v. NORWEST TRANSPORTATION, INC. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1151.
No. 94-1212. CAMP v. RUFFIN, DBA HARPER TRUCKS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 37.
No. 94-1214. CHAN ET AL. v. SOCIETY EXPEDITIONS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1398.
No. 94-1217. BAKER ET AL. V. ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE ET AL. App. Ct. Ill., 3d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 260 Ill. App. 3d 1123, 675 N. E. 2d 664.
No. 94-1219. WAGSHAL v. FOSTER ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1249.
No. 94-1220. BP CHEMICALS (HITCO), INC. v. GAYLORD ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1221. CITY AND COUNTY OF DENVER, COLORADO V. CONCRETE WORKS OF COLORADO, INC. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1513.
No. 94-1222. TILSON v. FORREST CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 802.
No. 94-1228. SALAZAR V. WHINK PRODUCTS CO. Ct. App. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 881 P. 2d 431.
No. 94-1236. MATIAS ET AL. v. FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 609.
No. 94-1249. DRUG EMPORIUM, INC. V. PARFUMS GIVENCHY, INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 477.
No. 94-1250. BOLINSKE V. NORTH DAKOTA STATE FAIR ASSN. Sup. Ct. N. D. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 522 N. W. 2d 426.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

March 6, 1995

No. 94-1306. ESTATE OF RAVETTI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1393.
No. 94-1324. SLUYS ET AL. V. GRANT ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1503.
No. 94-1325. JACKSON ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 866.
No. 94-1338. BOLIVAR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1099.
No. 94-1349. PEEVY ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 641.
No. 94-6289. NEELLEY v. ALABAMA. Ct. Crim. App. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 So. 2d 494.
No. 94-6720. KOKORALEIS V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 159 Ill. 2d 325, 637 N. E. 2d 1015.
No. 94-6785. KIKUMURA v. TURNER, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 592.
No. 94-6896. CARTER V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 537 Pa. 233, 643 A. 2d 61.
No. 94-6935. DUKES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 559.
No. 94-7205. CUNNINGHAM V. OREGON. Sup. Ct. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 320 Ore. 47, 880 P. 2d 431.
No. 94-7209. SHERROD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 723.
No. 94-7330. GARCIA v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 887 S. W. 2d 846.
No. 94-7530. GRIFFIN v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 639 So. 2d 966.
No. 94-7595. SMITH v. WIDNALL, SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7603. Fox v. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 880 P. 2d 383.

1006

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 6, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-7610. MCCALEB V. JONES, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7619. BROWN v. FLORIDA. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 645 So. 2d 464.
No. 94-7620. WILLIAMS V. METROPOLITAN TRANSIT AUTHORITY ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 633.
No. 94-7622. RATTLER v. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7625. ETEMAD V. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF WATER
RESOURCES CONTROL BOARD ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1186.

No. 94-7626. ARENSBERG V. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETER-
ANS AFFAIRS. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1111.
No. 94-7627. NORTHINGTON V. COURT OF APPEALS OF MICHIGAN ET AL. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7635. LATINE V. MANN, SUPERINTENDENT, SHAWAN-
GUNK CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1162.
No. 94-7641. DIx v. LOVE, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT HUNTINGDON, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7642. ALMENDAREZ V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 1st
Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 266 Ill. App. 3d 639,
639 N. E. 2d 619.

No. 94-7645. FELLMAN V. POOLE, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 58.
No. 94-7646. CARROLL v. NORTH CAROLINA. Gen. Ct. Justice, Super. Ct. Div., Robeson County, N. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7649. SIMIONE V. GILLIS, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE
CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT COAL TOWNSHIP, ET AL. C. A.
3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1007

514 U. S.

March 6, 1995

No. 94-7651. SHEA V. PIERCETON TRUCKING CO., INC. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1507.
No. 94-7663. JOHNSON V. JOHNSON, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7725. LANE V. UNIVERSAL CITY STUDIOS, INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1072.
No. 94-7732. HOENIG V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7786. SHELTON v. RANEY, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7804. POSADA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39. F. 3d 324.
No. 94-7819. MCDONALD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1179.
No. 94-7823. MCCANN v. WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORP. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 553.
No. 94-7850. GOLDMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 785.
No. 94-7855. BROWN v. UNITED STATES., C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1389.
No. 94-7859. SANDERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 140.
No. 94-7860. OVALLE-MARQUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 212.
No. 94-7863. BRAXTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1178.
No. 94-7867. LEE V. MURPHY, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 311.
No. 94-7871. SWANN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1190.
No. 94-7874. LARDELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1182.

1008

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 6, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-7875. OKIYAMA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1189.
No. 94-7882. MARZULLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7884. HOGAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1148.
No. 94-7885. HUGGINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 428.
No. 94-7886. GONZALEZ-RINCON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 859.
No. 94-7894. MORTENSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 562.
No. 94-7897. GIDDINGS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1091.
No. 94-7907. ARREGUINE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1188.
No. 94-7910. CALDWELL V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7933. YUNG v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1564.
No. 94-7918. SANDERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 388.
No. 94-7919. CZARNY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1189.
No. 94-7921. ROSE V. MORTON, SUPERINTENDENT, NEW JERSEY STATE PRISON, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7922. PEARSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 630.
No. 94-7923. ARANGO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 389.
No. 94-7925. BONHAM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 573.
No. 94-7926. KOFF V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 417.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

March 6, 1995

No. 94-7928. STANTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1511.
No. 94-7929. SIAS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 633.
No. 94-7932. LLOYD V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 761.
No. 94-7934. ZUKINTA V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1183.
No. 94-7935. GROESSEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 384.
No. 94-7940. FERGUSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1182.
No. 94-7941. GREEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 389.
No. 94-7946. REEVES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1190.
No. 94-7947. PENA ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1497.
No. 94-7949. WHITE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-7952. BUTLER V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 646 A. 2d 331.
No. 94-7954. MARTINEZ-HERRERA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 640.
No. 94-7955. McGEE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 385.
No. 94-7962. BARNES V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 575.
No. 94-7963. BOYD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1389.
No. 94-7964. BROADUS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1178.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 6, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-7969. MARKLING V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1511.
No. 94-7970. JONES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 712.
No. 94-7973. ACOSTA-LAO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1407.
No. 94-7979. FRANK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 388.
No. 94-7982. TORO-NINO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1464.
No. 94-7983. WHITE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 385.
No. 94-8012. CARTER V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 70 Ohio St. 3d 642, 640 N. E. 2d 811.
No. 94-732. ALABAMA V. BONNER. C. A. 11th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1081.
No. 94-1283. QUALLS v. REGIONAL TRANSPORTATION DISTRICT ET AL.; and QUALLS ET AL. v. REGIONAL TRANSPORTATION DISTRICT ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Motion of respondents for award of damages and double costs granted, and respondents are awarded a total of $500 to be paid by petitioners to counsel for respondents on or before March 27, 1995. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7971. NEVCHERLIAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1228.
Rehearing Denied
No. 94-5352. MOORE V. PENNSYLVANIA, 513 U. S. 1114; No. 94-6795. BRADVICA V. JONES, WARDEN, 513 U. S. 1092; No. 94-6888. JUELS v. DEUTSCHE BANK AG, 513 U. S. 1096; No. 94-6949. GILMORE v. GREGG ET AL., 513 U. S. 1130; No. 94-6982. SCHAFFER V. BEVEVINO ET AL., 513 U.S. 1116; No. 94-6987. HALL ET AL. v. LOCAL UNION 1183, UNITED AuTOMOBILE, AEROSPACE & AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENT WORKERS OF AMERICA, 513 U. S. 1116;

ORDERS

514 U. S.

March 6, 9, 17, 20, 1995

No. 94-6992. 1116;
No. 94-6993. FORCE, ET AL.,
No. 94-7043. 513 U. S. 1117.

PIZZO v. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL., 513 U. S.
MIZKUN v. WIDNALL, SECRETARY OF THE Am 513 U. S. 1099; and BAEZ v. DOUGLAS COUNTY COMMISSION ET AL., Petitions for rehearing denied.

No. 94-6177. RIDINGS V. UNITED STATES, 513 U. S. 976. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.

MARCH 9, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-1251. FARRON v. DUN & BRADSTREET, INC. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 95.

CertiorariDenied

MARCH 17, 1995

No. 94-8465 (A-660). WILLIAMS v. GRAMLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE STEVENS, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 1356 and 1358.

MARCH 20, 1995

CertiorariGranted--Vacated and Remanded

No. 93-1907. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES V. MOTHER FRANCES HOSPITAL OF TYLER, TEXAS. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Shalala v. Guernsey Memorial Hospital, ante, p. 87. Reported below: 15 F. 3d
423.

Certiorari Granted-Reversed. (See No. 94-898, ante, p. 115.)

Miscellaneous Orders

No. ---. COMMISSION;
No. - - -.

BILZERIAN V. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE WILL V. WILL;

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 20, 1995

514 U. S.

No.

HESS v. LANDER COLLEGE, AKA LANDER

UNIVERSITY;

No. _

JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES; and

No. -

GREENE V. DREXEL BURNHAM LAMBERT. Mo-

tions to direct the Clerk to file petitions for writs of certiorari

out of time denied.

No. ---.

MINES v. TEXAS. Motion for leave to proceed

in forma pauperis without an affidavit of indigency executed by

petitioner granted.

No. A-499. SOLIMINE V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT. D. C. Mass. Application for stay, addressed to JUSTICE O'CONNOR and referred to the Court, denied.

No. D-1491. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KUKLA. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1073.]

No. D-1495. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HUMPHREYS. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1074.]

No. D-1496. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HOTZE. T. Wilson Hotze,
of Richmond, Va., having requested to resign as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from
the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court. The rule to show cause, heretofore issued on January 17, 1995 [513 U. S. 1108], is hereby discharged.

No. D-1497. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SKINNER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1124.]

No. D-1498. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WHITE. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1124.]

No. D-1521. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WILSON. It is ordered that Robert J. Wilson, of Ardmore, Okla., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1522. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MITCHELL. It is ordered
that Nicholas P. Mitchell, of Greenville, S. C., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

ORDERS

1013

514 U.S.

March 20, 1995

No. D-1523. IN RE DISBARMENT OF RUBIN. It is ordered that Richard J. Rubin, of New York, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1524. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CARSON. It is ordered that Patricia A. Carson, of San Francisco, Cal., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring her to show cause why she should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1525. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HANDY. It is ordered that Gary R. Handy, of San Diego, Cal., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1526. IN RE DISBARMENT OF RUTLEDGE. It is ordered that William Eugene Rutledge, of Birmingham, Ala., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 120, Orig. NEW JERSEY V. NEW YORK. Motion of the City of New York for leave to intervene as a party defendant referred to the Special Master. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., 513 U. S. 924.]
No. 94-455. JOHNSON ET AL. V. JONES. C. A. 7th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 513 U. S. 1071.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-771. OKLAHOMA TAX COMMISSION V. CHICKASAW NATION. C. A. 10th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 513 U. S. 1071.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-631. MILLER ET AL. V. JOHNSON ET AL.;
No. 94-797. ABRAMS ET AL. V. JOHNSON ET AL.; and No. 94-929. UNITED STATES V. JOHNSON ET AL. D. C. S. D. Ga. [Probable jurisdiction noted, 513 U. S. 1071.] Motion of Mexican American Legal Defense & Educational Fund et al. for

1014

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 20, 1995

514 U.S.

leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Motion of the Solicitor General for divided argument denied. Motion of appellants Lucious Abrams, Jr., et al. for divided argument and for additional time for oral argument denied. Motion of appellants Zell Miller et al. for divided argument granted to be divided as follows: appellants Zell Miller et al., 20 minutes; and United States, 10 minutes. Request for additional time for oral argument denied.

No. 94-820. METROPOLITAN STEVEDORE Co. v. RAMBO ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 513 U. S. 1106.] Motion of the Solicitor General for divided argument granted.

No. 94-834. NORTH STAR STEEL Co. v. THOMAS ET AL.; and
No. 94-835. CROWN CORK & SEAL CO., INC. v. UNITED STEELWORKERS OF AMERICA, AFL-CIO-CLC. C. A. 3d Cir. [Certiorari granted, 513 U. S. 1072.] Motion of petitioner Crown Cork & Seal Co., Inc., for divided argument denied. Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-7524. ToSI v. MCDONNELL ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir.; and
No. 94-7734. O'HARA v. SAN DIEGO COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES. Sup. Ct. Cal. Motions of petitioners for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. Petitioners are allowed until April 10, 1995, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit petitions in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.
No. 94-8154. IN RE TRICE. Petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.

No. 94-7582. No. 94-7840. No. 94-8067. denied.

IN RE ENGLEFIELD; IN RE HERRON; and IN RE UBOH. Petitions for writs of mandamus

CertiorariDenied
No. 94-889. IBJ SCHRODER BANK & TRUST Co., TRUSTEE,
ET AL. V. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION, CONSERVATOR FOR
FRANKLIN SAVINGS ASSN. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 370.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

March 20, 1995

No. 94-921. TRI-STATE STEEL CONSTRUCTION CO., INC., ET AL. V. REICH, SECRETARY OF LABOR, ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 173.
No. 94-936. MONTANA SULPHUR & CHEMICAL Co. v. REICH, SECRETARY OF LABOR, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 440.
No. 94-982. O'NEILL ET AL. V. CITY OF PHILADELPHIA ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 785.
No. 94-990. LIVING WILL CENTER ET AL. v. NBC SUBSIDIARY (KCNC-TV), INC., ET AL. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 879 P. 2d 6.
No. 94-1053. LEVINE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 594.
No. 94-1055. SYSCO CORP. v. TONE BROTHERS, INC. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1192.
No. 94-1057. HAZEL ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 53.
No. 94-1090. PUBLIC UTILITY DISTRICT No. 1 OF PEND OREILLE COUNTY, WASHINGTON V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1544.
No. 94-1093. NORTHEAST UTILITIES SERVICE CORP. v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 621.
No. 94-1104. BW PARKWAY ASSOCIATES PARTNERSHIP V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1116.
No. 94-1109. DEL CRANE MEDICAL CORP. V. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH SERVICES. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1112. WORKMAN V. JORDAN ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 475.
No.94-1114. KIRKPATRICK V.CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 7 Cal. 4th 988, 874 P. 2d 248.

1016

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 20, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-1122. ST. FRANCIS MEDICAL CENTER V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 805.
No. 94-1127. VOGE v. DALTON, SECRETARY OF THE NAVY. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 558.
No. 94-1128. FLORIDA CELLULAR MOBIL COMMUNICATIONS CORP. V. FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 191.
No. 94-1146. WALSH V. SOUTHWEST FLAGLER ASSOCIATES, LTD. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 3d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 81.
No. 94-1151. FOOTMAN ET AL. V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-1161. YSLETA DEL SUR PUEBLO v. TEXAS ET AL.; and
No. 94-1310. TEXAS ET AL. V. YSLETA DEL SUR PUEBLO. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1325.
No. 94-1203. RINIER ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 273 N. J. Super. 135, 641 A. 2d 276.
No. 94-1227. VERRICHIA ET AL. V. PENNSYLVANIA DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE ET AL. Commw. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 162 Pa. Commw. 610, 639 A. 2d 957.
No. 94-1229. CAULFIELD V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 991.
No. 94-1233. BLAZE CONSTRUCTION CO., INC. v. NEW MEXICO TAXATION AND REVENUE DEPARTMENT. Sup. Ct. N. M. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 118 N. M. 647, 884 P. 2d 803.
No. 94-1234. UNITED CAPITOL INSURANCE Co. v. NICHOLS & ASSOCIATES TRYON PROPERTIES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1093.
No. 94-1235. MIDLAND CENTRAL APPRAISAL DISTRICT V. MIDLAND INDUSTRIAL SERVICE CORP. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 164.

ORDERS

1017

514 U. S.

March 20, 1995

No. 94-1238. TURNER V. JABE, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 872.

No. 94-1243. RADLOFF ET UX. v. FIRST AMERICAN NATIONAL BANK OF ST. CLOUD, N. A., ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1502.
No. 94-1252. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 417.
No. 94-1253. SHARP V. SHARP; and SHARP V. CONNELLY. Ct. App. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 72 Wash. App. 1038 (second case).

No. 94-1255. SEXTON v. CITY OF TWINSBURG. Ct. App. Ohio, Summit County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1256. CITY OF EDGERTON ET AL. v. GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF WISCONSIN ET AL. Sup. Ct. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 184 Wis. 2d 750, 517 N. W. 2d 463.
No. 94-1262. PAUL v. FARMLAND INDUSTRIES, INC. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1274.
No. 94-1263. METZGER V. WEST ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 320.
No. 94-1266. THIBODO ET AL. v. BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE
CONSTRUCTION LABORERS PENSION TRUST FOR SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 914.

No. 94-1270. JOHNSON, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS HEIR TO AND/ OR PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ESTATE OF GASTON, DECEASED v. DALLAS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 198.

No. 94-1271. CARLISLE, AS NEXT FRIEND OF CARLISLE V. MUNNA. Super. Ct. Ga., Fulton County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1272. CITY OF RICHMOND ET AL. v. FULLER ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 65.
No. 94-1273. MOORE ET AL. v. ALABAMA. Ct. Crim. App. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 650 So. 2d 958.

1018

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 20, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-1277. MCKENNA v. DISTRICT COURT OF NEW MEXICO, SECOND JUDICIAL DISTRICT. Sup. Ct. N. M. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 118 N. M. 402, 881 P. 2d 1387.
No. 94-1280. WILLMAN v. HEARTLAND HOSPITAL EAST ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 605.
No. 94-1281. CROW TRIBE OF INDIANS V. CAMPBELL FARMING CORP. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 768.
No. 94-1285. GARMON v. ALABAMA STATE BAR. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 665 So. 2d 1032.
No. 94-1286. PLUMBERS & STEAMFITTERS LOCAL 490 SEV-
ERANCE AND RETIREMENT FUND ET AL. V. APPLETON, TRUSTEE FOR THE LIQUIDATION OF FIRST OHIO SECURITIES Co., ET AL.
C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1181.
No. 94-1288. HIRAM WALKER & SONS, INC. v. ELLER & CO., INC. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1370.
No. 94-1290. CLARK v. GROOSE ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 770.
No. 94-1294. EVERETT, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS EXECUTOR OF
THE ESTATE OF EVERETT, DECEASED, ET AL. v. CONTINENTAL BANK, N. A. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 555.
No. 94-1301. HOOD v. HERALD. Ct. App. Ohio, Summit County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1303. HOOVER v. NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 712.
No. 94-1312. HENDERSON ET AL. V. OREGON DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE ET AL. Ct. App. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 128 Ore. App. 169, 875 P. 2d 487.
No. 94-1315. BENNETT v. ARKANSAS. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 848.
No. 94-1322. COLON v. APEX MARINE CORP., C/O WESTCHESTER SHIPPING Co., INC., ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 16.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

March 20, 1995

No. 94-1323. BRYAN ET AL. V. JAMES E. HOLMES REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER, AKA HOLMES REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER, INC. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1318.
No. 94-1358. LINTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1511.
No. 94-1362. ESTATE OF RAVETTI V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1218.
No. 94-1369. FERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1533.
No. 94-1382. JACOB v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1191.
No. 94-1434. CAMOSCIO V. POKASKI ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6675. SANCHEZ-MONTOYA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1168.
No. 94-6707. M. R. ET AL. V. COX ET AL. Ct. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 881 P. 2d 108.
No. 94-6933. AGUILAR-HIGUERRA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1074.
No. 94-6940. FOSTER V. MISSISSIPPI. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 639 So. 2d 1263.
No. 94-7025. SHORES V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 438.
No. 94-7099. BEAUCHAMP V. MURPHY, SUPERINTENDENT, OLD
COLONY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 700.
No. 94-7111. AYALA v. UNITED STATES; CASTREJON-ORTIZ V.
UNITED STATES; HERNANDEZ-RENTERIA V. UNITED STATES; MORENO-ARGUETA V. UNITED STATES; CORTES-CEBRERA V. UNITED STATES; CASTRO-SANCHEZ V. UNITED STATES; ALVARADO-MALDONADO V. UNITED STATES; RUIZ-ALVAREZ V. UNITED STATES; LEDESMA-CASTILLO v. UNITED STATES; MO-

1020

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 20, 1995

514 U. S.

RALES V. UNITED STATES; PRIETO-ARAUZA V. UNITED STATES; CERVANTES-PARRA V. UNITED STATES; LINARES V. UNITED STATES; RODRIGUEZ-ESQUIVEL V. UNITED STATES; ALBA-
ESQUEDA V. UNITED STATES; and LOPEz-DELAROSA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 423 (1st case); 29 F. 3d 635 (2d case); 36 F. 3d 1103 (4th case); 28 F. 3d 108 (5th case); 29 F. 3d 635 (6th case); 37 F. 3d 1506 (7th case); 37 F. 3d 1507 (8th case); 29 F. 3d 636 (9th case); 28 F. 3d 109 (10th case); 29 F. 3d 636 (11th case); 38 F. 3d 1218 (12th case); 29 F. 3d 636 (13th case); 29 F. 3d 637 (14th case); 28 F. 3d 108 (15th case); 39 F. 3d 1189 (16th case).
No. 94-7313. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 632.
No. 94-7315. CASEY V.TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7324. INGLE V.NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 336 N. C. 617, 445 S. E. 2d 880.
No. 94-7329. GARNER V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1305.
No. 94-7342. MOUNTS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 1208.
No. 94-7357. STALEY v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 887 S. W. 2d 885.
No. 94-7359. PHILLIPS V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7388. HARPER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 631.
No. 94-7394. HICKS v. THOMAS, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7403. BREWER v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7434. ULLYSES-SALAZAR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 932.
No. 94-7436. MCCRIGHT v. BORG, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

March 20, 1995

No. 94-7455. FUDGE V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 7 Cal. 4th 1075, 875 P. 2d 36.
No. 94-7513. O'CONNOR v. NEVADA ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 357.
No. 94-7621. JACKSON v. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF WISCONSIN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7629. BLACK v. GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 550, 448 S. E. 2d 357.
No. 94-7631. TORRES GARCIA v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 887 S. W. 2d 862.
No. 94-7664. CHRISTIAN V.SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari de-
nied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 324.
No. 94-7666. CONDINO V. COMMONWEALTH OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 58.
No. 94-7669. WOODARD v. BURT, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7670. PAIGE v. LOVE, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT HUNTINGDON, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7672. PRICE v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 337 N. C. 756, 448 S. E. 2d 827.
No. 94-7678. ARMSTRONG V. YOUNG. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 421.
No. 94-7681. THOMPSON V. RASBERRY ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1493.
No. 94-7682. VILLAREAL V. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 645 So. 2d 456.
No. 94-7683. GOMEZ v. OREGON STATE BOARD OF PAROLE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1551.

1022

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 20, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-7684. GRANVIEL V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7686. GREENE V. MCFADDEN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 106.
No. 94-7687. FIELDS V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7691. SORENS V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ET AL.
C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 632.
No. 94-7692. QUINONES v. KELLY, SUPERINTENDENT, ATTICA CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7693. RITCHEY V. INDIANA. Ct. App. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 632 N. E. 2d 386.
No. 94-7694. WAKEFIELD v. BOROUGH OF NORTH PLAINFIELD
ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7698. JOHNSON v. BLALOCK ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7699. LooMIs v. IDAHO ET AL. Sup. Ct. Idaho. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7703. MCQUEEN v. MATA ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 385.
No. 94-7704. WEINSTEIN v. LASOVER ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7710. CONRAD v. TODD, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 95.
No. 94-7723. DILLBECK v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 643 So. 2d 1027.
No. 94-7724. JUDD V. BUREAU OF ALCOHOL, TOBACCO AND
FIREARMS. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7730. HARPER v. HATCHER TRAILER PARK. Ct. App. Ga. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7733. ADAMS v. RICE ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 72.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

March 20, 1995

No. 94-7735. ROBINSON v. CITY OF SYLVANIA, OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 70 Ohio St. 3d 150, 637 N. E. 2d 897.

No. 94-7736. PRICE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 711.
No. 94-7738. WYATT v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 355.
No. 94-7739. OMUSO V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 113.
No. 94-7742. WEBB v. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 70 Ohio St. 3d 325, 638 N. E. 2d 1023.

No. 94-7752. STEELE v. CHICAGO POLICE DEPARTMENT ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7753. SIMS v. LEFEVRE, SUPERINTENDENT, FRANKLIN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7754. SEAGLE V. MERKEL ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 52.
No. 94-7755. SIGMON v. BISHOP ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1066.

No. 94-7760. JOHNSON V. KAMMINGA ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 466.
No. 94-7764. LLOYD v. KEANE, SUPERINTENDENT, SING SING CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7768. KING v. COOKE ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 720.

No. 94-7774. MCNACK v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7776. BOUSCHER V. PIERCE COUNTY, WASHINGTON, ET AL.; and BOUSCHER V. OREGON ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 20, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-7777. FERGUSON v. DoMovIcH, SUPERINTENDENT,
STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT PITTSBURGH. C. A. 3d
Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7782. GARCIA V. BUNNELL, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1193.
No. 94-7788. HARRIS v. ROCHA, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7790. DANIEL V. PETERS, DIRECTOR, ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1501.
No. 94-7791. CAMPOS V. PETERS, DIRECTOR, ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1501.
No. 94-7794. BURKE v. SZABO, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 326.
No. 94-7796. CASTRO V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 880 P. 2d 387.
No. 94-7799. HOLSTON V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1244.
No. 94-7801. HARRIS v. LAWLER. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1400.
No. 94-7802. DANIELS V. ALABAMA. Ct. Crim. App. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 650 So. 2d 544.
No. 94-7803. JAMES V. WHITLEY, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 So. 2d 1306.
No. 94-7808. WILKINS V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 Cal. App. 4th 1089, 31 Cal. Rptr. 2d 764.
No. 94-7811. POE V. CASPARI, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSOURI EASTERN CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 204.
No. 94-7812. LOVALL V. BIANCHI, JUDGE, DISTRICT COURT OF TEXAS, HARRIS COUNTY. Sup. Ct. Tex. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1025

514 U. S.

March 20, 1995

No. 94-7813. LEPISCOPO v. THOMAS, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1128.
No. 94-7814. NICKENS V. MELTON. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 183.
No. 94-7815. MorrY v. FARM CREDIT BANK OF TEXAS. 16th Jud. Dist. Ct., St. Martin Parish, La. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7818. KICZENSKI v. LECUREUX, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7821. LAMBERT V. PASQUOTANK COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1177.
No. 94-7822. LOVALL V. PARK PLAZA HOSPITAL ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7824. JONES V. SANDAHL ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 568.
No. 94-7825. MCDONALD v. POLK COUNTY, GEORGIA. Ct. App. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 213 Ga. App. XXVII.
No. 94-7826. GIBBS V.OKLAHOMA DEPARTMENT OF REHABILITATION SERVICES. Ct. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7827. SAVINSKI V. WISCONSIN DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 187 Wis. 2d 291, 523 N. W. 2d 208.
No. 94-7830. WHITE V. LOCAL 166, UNITED PLANT GUARD
WORKERS OF AMERICA. Ct. App. Ohio, Montgomery County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7832. GIBBS V. OKLAHOMA DEPARTMENT OF REHABILITATION SERVICES. Ct. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7833. GIBBS v. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1220.
No. 94-7834. GREGORY V.WASHINGTON. Ct. App. Wash. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 73 Wash. App. 1053.

1026

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 20, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-7839. JAMES v. MCBRIDE, SUPERINTENDENT, WESTVILLE CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1510.
No. 94-7844. STRAUSS V. HOLMAN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7846. CACOPERDO v. DEMOSTHENES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 504.
No. 94-7854. WALKER V. SENKOWSKI, SUPERINTENDENT, CLINTON CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7856. HARDIMAN V. FORD ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1510.
No. 94-7858. LIGHTFOOT V. NAGLE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1498.
No. 94-7861. PATTERSON v. NOLAND ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1510.
No. 94-7862. ROWE v. TExAS REHABILITATION COMMISSION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 633.
No. 94-7864. COCHRAN V. JOHNSON ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1465.
No. 94-7877. SHARROCK v. ROMER, GOVERNOR OF COLORADO, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7878. ORTIZ v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.'
No. 94-7880. IN RE VOHRA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7881. LANCASTER V. PRESLEY ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 229.
No. 94-7883. HILL V. MISSOURI. Ct. App. Mo., Southern Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 884 S. W. 2d 69.
No. 94-7888. SAMEL v. ABRAMAJTYS, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1027

514 U. S.

March 20, 1995

No. 94-7889. CLUKE v. HIGGINS, SUPERINTENDENT, CENTRAL MISSOURI CORRECTIONAL CENTER, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7890. WILSON V. SPITZ ET AL. Cir. Ct. Greenbriar County, W, Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7895. SAMPANG V. VIRGINIA ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7896. ESTY v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 So. 2d 1074.
No. 94-7899. DEVOLL ET UX. v. BURDICK PAINTING, INC., ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 408.
No. 94-7902. DAWKINS V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7905. FINOCCHI V. ARIZONA. Ct. App. Ariz. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7906. HARDIN V. UI tiorari denied. IITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Cer-
No. 94-7920. BARNES v. LOUISIANA. Ct. App. La., 4th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7939. GARCIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 562.
No. 94-7959. OKORO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1392.
No. 94-7960. QUIROZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1190.
No. 94-7967. MITCHELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 M. J. 376.
No. 94-7972. ROTHBERG v. QUADRANGLE DEVELOPMENT CORP. ET AL. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 646 A. 2d 309.
No. 94-7975. COLE V. UNITED SfATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1463.

1028

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 20, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-7976. HAIRSTON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1508.
No. 94-7985. HILLSTROM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1490.
No. 94-7987. EVANS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1015.
No. 94-7988. DAY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1514.
No. 94-7989. DEHLER V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 71 Ohio St. 3d 330, 643 N. E. 2d 1097.
No. 94-7995. BELTON V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 647 A. 2d 66.
No. 94-7997. FULLER V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1182.
No. 94-8000. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 876.
No. 94-8001. BAKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 154.
No. 94-8002. GRESHAM v. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8029. GILCHRIST V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 389.
No. 94-8003. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 A. 2d 484.
No. 94-8011. BLACKMON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 428.
No. 94-8013. PEREZ, AKA CEBALLOS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1403.
No. 94-8016. JONES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-8018. JAMES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 142.
No. 94-8020. HOWARD V. OUNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1182.

ORDERS

1029

514 U. S.

March 20, 1995

No. 94-8021. HILL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 164.
No. 94-8022. POLLARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8023. POPE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 325.
No. 94-8027. SCHWEMBERGER v. REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 571.
No. 94-8028. HOWARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 388.
No. 94-8030. MARTINEZ-CIGARROA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 908.
No. 94-8031. MITCHELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8040. BORGES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 93.
No. 94-8041. BALLESTEROS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1514.
No. 94-8043. CONNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1074.
No. 94-8047. RODRIGUEZ ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-8048. OCHOA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1514.
No. 94-8049. LOMBARDO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1463.
No. 94-8052. YOUNG v. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8053. GREIDER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 388.
No. 94-8058. REED V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1069.

1030

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 20, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8063. LANHAM v. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 712.
No. 94-8064. LISKIEWICZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 54 F. 3d 781.
No. 94-8068. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1469.
No. 94-8069. WARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8071. KEITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 661.
No. 94-8072. KELLY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1389.
No. 94-8073. BURNEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-8075. ELROD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1403.
No. 94-8076. GRAJALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 761.
No. 94-8079. HINES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1179.
No. 94-8082. BUNGE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1511.
No. 94-8083. BILLOPS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 281.
No. 94-8085. BARLOW V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 935.
No. 94-8087. HALL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1222.
No. 94-8089. FLYNN V. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 190 Wis. 2d 31, 527 N. W. 2d 343.
No. 94-8090. GEORGESCU v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 105.

ORDERS

514 U.S.

March 20, 1995

No. 94-8091. FORD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1097.
No. 94-8093. HIGGINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1128.
No. 94-8094. SUTTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1172.
No. 94-8099. YUK RUNG TSANG V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1458.
No. 94-8100. THOMPSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 48.
No. 94-8102. ALI-DAGGAO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 985.
No. 94-8105. JACKSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1463.
No. 94-8111. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 573.
No. 94-8112. NELSON V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8114. TUTIVEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1.
No. 94-8126. JONES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 712.
No. 94-8132. CANNON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1193.
No. 94-8150. BOYCE V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 668.
No. 94-8151. BOWDEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 668.
No. 94-8152. CARDENAS-TRIANA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1403.
No. 94-8161. WRAY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1245.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 20, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-890. NATIONAL RAILWAY LABOR CONFERENCE V. RAILWAY LABOR EXECUTIVES' ASSN. ET AL.; and
No. 94-907. BURLINGTON NORTHERN RAILROAD Co. v. RAILWAY LABOR EXECUTIVES' ASSN. ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE GINSBURG took no part in the consideration or decision of these petitions. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 655.
No. 94-1131. CHRYSLER CORP. V. KEARNS; and No. 94-1269. KEARNS v. CHRYSLER CORP. ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Motion of Arnold, White & Durkee for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae in No. 94-1131 granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1541.
No. 94-1237. KEYSTONE CHAPTER ASSOCIATED BUILDERS & CONTRACTORS, INC. V. PENNSYLVANIA SECRETARY OF LABOR AND INDUSTRY. C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of Steamfitters Local Union No. 420, United Association of Journeymen & Apprentices of the Plumbing & Pipefitting Industry, for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 945.
No. 94-1248. 0'BRYAN, PARENT AND NEXT FRIEND OF 0'BRYAN, ET AL. V. VOLKSWAGEN OF AMERICA ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Motion of petitioner to defer consideration of petition for writ of certiorari denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1182.
No. 94-1289. CLASS, WARDEN, ET AL. V. WILLIAMS. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1010.
No. 94-1302. CRAWFORD v. LAMANTIA ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 28.
No. 94-7751. RAITPORT v. AMERICAN TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
Rehearing Denied
No. 93-9242. SANDS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES, 513 U. S. 838; No. 94-941. DUNCAN, WARDEN v. HENRY, 513 U. S. 364; No. 94-1006. KING V. YOUNG ET AL., 513 U. S. 1127;

ORDERS

514 U. S.

March 20, 21, 1995

No. 94-1018. MASS ET AL. V. CITY OF CARLSBAD ET AL., 513

U. S. 1128;

No. 94-6260. BASHARA V. UNITED STATES, 513 U. S. 1115;

No. 94-6673. SEARLES v. RELIC ET AL., 513 U. S. 1128; No. 94-6825. WILLIAMS v. BORG & WARNER AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS & MECHANICAL SYSTEM CORP., 513 U. S. 1093; No. 94-6851. RODRIGUEZ MENDOZA V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR,

TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DI-

VISION, ET AL., 513 U. S. 1094;

No. 94-6912. U. S. 1129;
No. 94-6916. No. 94-6967. No. 94-7002.

HARRIS v. 7232 PLEASANT VIEW DRIVE, 513
FANNY v. LEVY ET AL., 513 U. S. 1129; RAWLINS V. OLSON ET AL., 513 U. S. 1130;
CAZEAU, AKA LAFLEUR V. PENNSYLVANIA STATE

POLICE ET AL., 513 U. S. 1117; No. 94-7036. HUMMER V. UNITED STATES, 513 U. S. 1100;
No. 94-7044. WARDLAW V. BURT, WARDEN, 513 U. S. 1131; No. 94-7055. MCKENZIE v. WEER, WARDEN, 513 U. S. 1118;
No. 94-7066. DEGRIJZE v. SCHWARTZ ET AL., 513 U. S. 1131; and
No. 94-7424. CONNELLY V. GROSSMAN ET AL., 513 U.S. 1171. Petitions for rehearing denied.

No. 94-6146. ALONSO V. MUNICIPAL COURT OF CALIFORNIA,
COUNTY OF VENTURA (CALIFORNIA, REAL PARTY IN INTEREST),
513 U. S. 975. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.

Assignment Order
An order of THE CHIEF JUSTICE designating and assigning Justice White (retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit from June 14 to June 15, 1995, and for such time as may be required to complete unfinished business, pursuant to 28 U. S. C. § 294(a), is ordered entered on the minutes of this Court pursuant to 28 U. S. C. §295.

CertiorariDenied

MARCH 21, 1995

No. 94-8438 (A-689). WILLIAMS V. CLARKE, DIRECTOR, NEBRASKA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONAL SERVICES. C. A. 8th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, pre-

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 21, 27, 1995

514 U.S.

sented to JUSTICE THOMAS, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS and JUSTICE GINSBURG would grant the application for stay of execution. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1529.
No. 94-8536 (A-704). FREE V. PETERS, DIRECTOR, ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE STEVENS, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS would grant the application for stay of execution. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 1362.

Affirmed on Appeal MARCH 27, 1995
No. 94-1105. TEXAS v. UNITED STATES. from D. C. D. C.

Affirmed on appeal

CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 94-742. HARLEYSVILLE LIFE INSURANCE CO. v. MARDELL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of McKennon v. Nashville Banner PublishingCo., 513 U. S. 352 (1995). Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1221.

Miscellaneous Orders
No. 94-197. ANDERSON, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES, ET AL. V. GREEN ET AL., 513 U.S. 557. Motion of respondents to amend the judgment denied. Motion of respondents to retax costs granted.
No. 94-1175. BANK ONE CHICAGO, N. A. v. MIDWEST BANK & TRUST CO. C. A. 7th Cir. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief in this case expressing the views of the United States.
No. 94-7908. WILLIAMS ET UX. V. ARNOLD & ARNOLD LAW FIRM ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of petitioners for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. Petitioners are allowed until April 17, 1995, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit a petition in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.
No. 94-1355. IN RE LYON. Ct. App. Alaska. Petition for writ of common-law certiorari denied.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

March 27, 1995

No. 94-8254. No. 94-8322. pus denied.

IN RE KLVANA; and IN RE VOTH. Petitions for writs of habeas cor-

No. 94-7957. IN RE BARNES. Petition for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition denied.

Certiorari Granted
No. 94-1244. BEHRENS V. PELLETIER. rari granted.

C. A. 9th Cir.

Certio-

No. 94-1340. CITIZENS BANK OF MARYLAND V. STRUMPF. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 155.

No. 94-7427. LIBRETTI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 523.

CertiorariDenied. (See also No. 94-1355, supra.)
No. 94-770. ANDERSON V. NIDORF, CHIEF PROBATION OFFICER, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 100.
No. 94-873. FOSTER v. FREEMAN UNITED COAL MINING CO. ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 834.
No. 94-1096. AMERICAN REPUBLIC INSURANCE CO. v. SUPERINTENDENT OF INSURANCE OF MAINE. Sup. Jud. Ct. Me. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 647 A. 2d 1195.
No. 94-1102. SPRAGENS V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 947.
No. 94-1182. CUTINELLO ET AL. V. WHITLEY, DIRECTOR, ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 161 Ill. 2d 409, 641 N. E. 2d 360.
No. 94-1183. NoRAM ENERGY CORP. v. UNITED STATES. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 621.
No. 94-1187. SMITH v. RICKS ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1478.

1036

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 27, 1995

514 U.S.

No. 94-1264. DUFRESNE ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 105.
No. 94-1276. ALLSTATE INSURANCE Co. v. LUFTHANSA GERMAN AIRLINES. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1296. KELCH v. HARDISON, WARDEN, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Nev. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 110 Nev. 1546, 893 P. 2d 408.
No. 94-1297. LONGO, MAYOR OF THE CITY OF GARFIELD HEIGHTS, ET AL. V. ZILICH; and
No. 94-1313. ZILICH v. LONGO, MAYOR OF THE CITY OF GARFIELD HEIGHTS, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 359.
No. 94-1298. PROPST ET AL. v. BITZER ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 148.
No. 94-1307. SHONG-CHING TONG v. FIRST INTERSTATE SERVICES CO. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1073.
No. 94-1311. CALIFORNIA ET AL. v. TAHOE SIERRA PRESERVATION COUNCIL ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 753 and 42 F. 3d 1306.
No. 94-1318. IN RE HURLEY. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 418 Mass. 649, 639 N. E. 2d 705.
No. 94-1319. LESLIE V. RANEY. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1321. HARLEY-DAVIDSON, INC. V. MINSTAR, INC., ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 341.
No. 94-1326. CENTER FOR AUTO SAFETY INC. v. ATHEY, SECRETARY OF STATE OF MARYLAND. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 139.
No. 94-1327. BRAYTON V. CITY OF NEW BRIGHTON. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 519 N. W. 2d 243.
No. 94-1331. COLT INDUSTRIES OPERATING CORPORATION INFORMAL PLAN FOR PLANT SHUTDOWN BENEFITS FOR SALARIED EMPLOYEES v. HENGLEIN ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1169.

ORDERS

514 U.S.

March 27, 1995

No. 94-1335. ARIZONA v. AVERYT ET AL. Ct. App. Ariz. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 179 Ariz. 123, 876 P. 2d 1158.
No. 94-1336. DELAYE v. AGRIPAC, INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 235.
No. 94-1341. HYDE PARK MEDICAL LABORATORY, INC. V. COURT OF CLAIMS OF ILLINOIS ET AL. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 259 Ill. App. 3d 889, 632 N. E. 2d 307.
No. 94-1345. SERBEN V. INTER-CITY MANUFACTURING CO., INC. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 765.
No. 94-1353. MANNO v. NEW YORK ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1457.
No. 94-1370. EDMOND v. NEWMAN WHITNEY, A DIVISION OF NEWMAN MACHINE CO., INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 567.
No. 94-1372. WAMSLEY ET AL. V. CHAMPLIN REFINING & CHEMICALS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 534.
No. 94-1375. LITZENBERGER V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 537 Pa. 558, 645 A. 2d 211.
No. 94-1385. BONADONNA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1498.
No. 94-1405. SALARIED EMPLOYEES ASSOCIATION OF THE BALTIMORE DIVISION, FEDERATION OF INDEPENDENT SALARIED UNIONS v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD ET AL. C. A.
4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1126.
No. 94-6974. DEL VECCHIO V. ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1363.
No. 94-7158. DEBARDELEBEN V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7164. CERNY V. WOOD, SUPERINTENDENT, WASHINGTON STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

1038

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 27, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-7184. SANCHEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 673.
No. 94-7369. GANT V. CONNECTICUT. Sup. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 231 Conn. 43, 646 A. 2d 835.
No. 94-7445. BROWN ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-7460. PAINE v. NEVADA. Sup. Ct. Nev. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 110 Nev. 609, 877 P. 2d 1025.
No. 94-7579. THOMPKINS V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 161 Ill. 2d 148, 641 N. E. 2d 371.
No. 94-7731. HATCHER v. GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 556, 448 S. E. 2d 698.
No. 94-7870. OLIVER V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1073.
No. 94-7873. PAYNE v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 337 N. C. 505, 448 S. E. 2d 93.
No. 94-7892. HOLLAND V. WILLIE ET AL. C.A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 668.
No. 94-7893. GREEN v. SIMPSON ET AL. C.A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1516.
No. 94-7898. LIGHTBOURNE v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 644 So. 2d 54.
No. 94-7901. FEDERICO V. YUKINS, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1181.
No. 94-7909. BOSSETT V. COUGHLIN, COMMISSIONER, NEW
YORK STATE DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONAL SERVICES, ET AL.
C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1238.
No. 94-7911. BINA V. PROVIDENCE COLLEGE ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 21.
No. 94-7915. NYENEKOR V.BOSTON ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 303.

ORDERS

1039

514 U. S.

March 27, 1995

No. 94-7916. LUZANILLA V.ARIZONA. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 179 Ariz. 391, 880 P. 2d 611.
No. 94-7924. POWERS V. INDIANA. Ct. App. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 N. E. 2d 1295.
No. 94-7927. DOUGLAS V. WEYERHAEUSER Co. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1115.
No. 94-7931. SANDERS v. REVELL, COMMISSIONER, FLORIDA PAROLE COMMISSION, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 573.
No. 94-7936. HUKAREVIC v. COUNTY OF MENOMINEE ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1182.
No. 94-7937. ENGLEFIELD v. GEORGE. Super. Ct. Ga., DeKalb County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7938. GILMORE v. NEW YORK ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7942. GALLOWAY V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 433 Pa. Super. 222, 640 A. 2d 454.
No. 94-7943. HATFIELD v. REES, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7945. BOUSER V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 Cal. App. 4th 1280, 32 Cal. Rptr. 2d 163.
No. 94-7950. VE v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 677.
No. 94-7951. ZAVALA V. INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION OF ILLINOIS ET AL. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 263 Ill. App. 3d 1119, 683 N. E. 2d 548.
No. 94-7953. GRIGSBY v. ANESTHESIOLOGISTS OF SOUTHWESTERN OHIO, INC., ET AL. Ct. App. Ohio, Hamilton County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7956. LAVOLD v. CALIFORNIA ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

1040

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 27, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-7958. MARLENE B. v. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CHILDREN'S SERVICES. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 Cal. App. 4th 541, 32 Cal. Rptr. 2d 670.
No. 94-7961. MIRANDA ORTIZ V. KIMELMAN ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1502.
No. 94-7965. RODRICK v. NEW YORK. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 3d Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 205 App. Div. 2d 841, 613 N. Y. S. 2d 445.
No. 94-7966. MOSIER v. GEORGIA BOARD OF PARDONS AND PAROLES ET AL. Ct. App. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 213 Ga. App. 545, 445 S. E. 2d 535.
No. 94-7977. ATKINS V. SCHRIRO, DIRECTOR, MISSOURI DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7978. BAKER V. MARYLAND. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 100 Md. App. 788.
No. 94-7990. DEAN V. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 52.
No. 94-7991. HARRISON v. BURKETT. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 569.
No. 94-7992. DEYOUNG V. PINAL COUNTY SHERIFF ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7994. BOLLINGER V. MAASS, SUPERINTENDENT, OREGON STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1186.
No. 94-7998. GIBBS V. OKLAHOMA DEPARTMENT OF REHABILITATION SERVICES. Ct. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 889 P. 2d 899.
No. 94-7999. VARGAS V. THOMAS, WARDEN. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari before judgment denied.
No. 94-8005. LAMBERT V.MAASS, SUPERINTENDENT, OREGON
STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1187.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

March 27, 1995

No. 94-8056. TSIMBIDARoS v. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1212.

No. 94-8057. SMITHSON-BEY V. PRUITT ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1241.

No. 94-8077. HILLS V. UNITED STATES;
No. 94-8108. ZIDOR v. UNITED STATES; No. 94-8124. McCoY v. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8133. SANDERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 667.

l1th Cir.

No. 94-8078. GuION v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1496.

No. 94-8092. GLENDORA v. DUBERSTEIN ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1502.

No. 94-8101. ODOM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1389.

No. 94-8107. ALANIZ-ALANIZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 788.

No. 94-8109. ALBERTO CUARTAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 668.

No. 94-8113. TURNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. l1th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 668 and 669.

No. 94-8115. JOHNSON v. UINITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 436.

No. 94-8117. PARKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 667.

No. 94-8118. PLATERO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1193.

No. 94-8119. ROBINSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1484.

No. 94-8123. POLLARD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1504.

1042

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 27, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8125. COWIE ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1469.
No. 94-8128. GOLDSTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1504.
No. 94-8129. MASON v. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8134. OCHOA-ARANGO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1403.
No. 94-8138. UMANA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 323.
No. 94-8139. BLODGETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 571.
No. 94-8145. GRAY v. MISSOURI. Sup. Ct. Mo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 887 S. W. 2d 369.
No. 94-8146. SUSTAITA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1404.
No. 94-8147. PITA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 668.
No. 94-8156. SIMS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1508.
No. 94-8159. MONTOYA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1516.
No. 94-8162. SHELTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1469.
No. 94-8164. MADDOX V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 664.
No. 94-8165. MOORE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1212.
No. 94-8166. GRIGGS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 17.
No. 94-8167. DUNN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1504.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

March 27, 1995

No. 94-8168. GUEST V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1193.
No. 94-8175. MALOY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 632.
No. 94-8188. ROBLES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 1.
No. 94-8189. GAVILANES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 643.
No. 94-8199. ALBERTY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1132.
No. 94-8200. CAINE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1185.
No. 94-8202. PEREZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 94.
No. 94-8205. PARLIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-8209. DEWESE ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 677.
No. 94-8210. FREEMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1403.
No. 94-8214. BLACKBURN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 640.
No. 94-8216. ROBERTS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1484.
No. 94-8217. CANNONE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1458.
No. 94-8218. BEARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1193.
No. 94-8224. MARTIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1179.
No. 94-8225. McGEE v. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8234. SIMPSON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1508.

1044

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 27, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8227. BURNIM v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1484.
No. 94-8228. LOZANO-CERON, AKA DOE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 429.
No. 94-8229. MARZULLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 398.
No. 94-8231. ISENBURG V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1463.
No. 94-8236. VARGAS-SANDOVAL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1404.
No. 94-8238. KYLES V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8243. KYLES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 519.
No. 94-8241. WOOD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1484.
No. 94-8244. MONTENEGRO-PEDROZO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. l1th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 678.
No. 94-8245. AXINS v. RICHARDSON, COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 577.
No. 94-8246. LEGGETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 573.
No. 94-8249. GONZALEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1299.
No. 94-8256. CORDERO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1403.
No. 94-8259. ALBARELLI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1458.
No. 94-8264. GARRITY v. FIEDLER, SECRETARY, WISCONSIN DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1150.
No. 94-8272. GARDNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 635.
No. 94-1328. LEGAL ECONOMIC EVALUATIONS, INC., ET AL. V. METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE Co. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Mo-

ORDERS

1045

514 U.S.

March 27, 1995

tion of Consumer Federation of America's Insurance Group for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 951.
No. 94-1444. MORROW v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1228.
No. 94-8262. LACKEY v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
Memorandum of JUSTICE STEVENS, respecting the denial of certiorari.
Petitioner raises the question whether executing a prisoner who has already spent some 17 years on death row violates the Eighth Amendment's prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment. Though the importance and novelty of the question presented by this certiorari petition are sufficient to warrant review by this Court, those factors also provide a principled basis for postponing consideration of the issue until after it has been addressed by other courts. See, e. g., McCray v. New York, 461 U. S. 961 (1983) (STEVENS, J., respecting denial of certiorari).
Though novel, petitioner's claim is not without foundation. In Gregg v. Georgia, 428 U. S. 153 (1976), this Court held that the Eighth Amendment does not prohibit capital punishment. Our decision rested in large part on the grounds that (1) the death penalty was considered permissible by the Framers, see id., at 177 (opinion of Stewart, Powell, and STEVENS, JJ.), and (2) the death penalty might serve "two principal social purposes: retribution and deterrence," id., at 183.
It is arguable that neither ground retains any force for prisoners who have spent some 17 years under a sentence of death. Such a delay, if it ever occurred, certainly would have been rare in 1789, and thus the practice of the Framers would not justify a denial of petitioner's claim. Moreover, after such an extended time, the acceptable state interest in retribution has arguably been satisfied by the severe punishment already inflicted. Over a century ago, this Court recognized that "when a prisoner sentenced by a court to death is confined in the penitentiary awaiting the execution of the sentence, one of the most horrible feelings to which he can be subjected during that time is the uncertainty during the whole of it." In re Medley, 134 U. S. 160, 172 (1890).

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

Memorandum of STEVENS, J.

514 U. S.

If the Court accurately described the effect of uncertainty in Medley, which involved a period of four weeks, see ibid., that description should apply with even greater force in the case of delays that last for many years.* Finally, the additional deterrent effect from an actual execution now, on the one hand, as compared to 17 years on death row followed by the prisoner's continued incarceration for life, on the other, seems minimal. See, e.g., Coleman v. Balkcom, 451 U.S. 949, 952 (1981) (STEVENS, J., respecting denial of certiorari) ("[T]he deterrent value
of incarceration during that period of uncertainty may well be comparable to the consequences of the ultimate step itself"). As Justice White noted, when the death penalty "ceases realistically to further these purposes, . . its imposition would then be the pointless and needless extinction of life with only marginal contributions to any discernible social or public purposes. A penalty with such negligible returns to the State would be patently excessive and cruel and unusual punishment violative of the Eighth Amendment." Furman v. Georgia, 408 U. S. 238, 312 (1972) (opinion concurring in judgment); see also Gregg v. Georgia, 428 U. S., at 183 ("IT]he sanction imposed cannot be so totally without penological justification that it results in the gratuitous infliction
of suffering"). Petitioner's argument draws further strength from conclusions
by English jurists that "execution after inordinate delay would

*See also People v. Anderson, 6 Cal. 3d 628, 649, 493 P. 2d 880, 894 (1972)
("The cruelty of capital punishment lies not only in the execution itself and the pain incident thereto, but also in the dehumanizing effects of the lengthy imprisonment prior to execution during which the judicial and administrative procedures essential to due process of law are carried out. Penologists and medical experts agree that the process of carrying out a verdict of death is often so degrading and brutalizing to the human spirit as to constitute psychological torture") (footnote omitted); Furman v. Georgia, 408 U. S. 238, 288-289 (1972) (Brennan, J., concurring) ("[T]he prospect of pending execution exacts a frightful toll during the inevitable long wait between the imposition of sentence and the actual infliction of death"); Solesbee v. Balkcom, 339 U. S.9, 14 (1950) (Frankfurter, J., dissenting) ("In the history of murder, the onset of insanity while awaiting execution of a death sentence is not a rare phenomenon"); Suffolk County District Attorney v. Watson, 381 Mass. 648, 673, 411 N. E. 2d 1274, 1287 (1980) (Braucher, J., concurring) (death penalty is unconstitutional under State Constitution in part because "[i]t will
be carried out only after agonizing months and years of uncertainty"); id., at 675-686, 411 N. E. 2d, at 1289-1295 (Liacos, J., concurring).

ORDERS

1047

1045

Memorandum of STEVENS, J.

have infringed the prohibition against cruel and unusual punishments to be found in section 10 of the Bill of Rights 1689." Riley v. Attorney General of Jamaica, [1983] 1 A. C. 719, 734, 3 All E. R. 469, 478 (P. C. 1983) (Lord Scarman, dissenting, joined by Lord Brightman). As we have previously recognized, that section is undoubtedly the precursor of our own Eighth Amendment. See, e. g., Gregg v. Georgia, 428 U. S., at 169-170; Harmelin v. Michigan, 501 U. S. 957, 966 (1991) (SCALIA, J., concurring in
judgment). Finally, as petitioner notes, the highest courts in other coun-
tries have found arguments such as petitioner's to be persuasive. See Prattv. Attorney General of Jamaica,[1994] 2 A. C. 1, 4 All E. R. 769 (P. C. 1993) (en banc); id., at 32-33, 4 All E. R., at
785-786 (collecting cases). Closely related to the basic question presented by the petition
is a question concerning the portion of the 17-year delay that should be considered in the analysis. There may well be constitutional significance to the reasons for the various delays that have
occurred in petitioner's case. It may be appropriate to distinguish, for example, among delays resulting from (a) a petitioner's abuse of the judicial system by escape or repetitive, frivolous filings; (b) a petitioner's legitimate exercise of his right to review; and (c) negligence or deliberate action by the State. Thus,
though English cases indicate that the prisoner should not be held responsible for delays occurring in the latter two categories, see
id., at 33, 4 All E. R., at 786, it is at least arguable that some portion of the time that has elapsed since this petitioner was first sentenced to death in 1978 should be excluded from the calculus.
As I have pointed out on past occasions, the Court's denial of certiorari does not constitute a ruling on the merits. See, e. g., Barber v. Tennessee, 513 U. S. 1184 (1995); Singleton v. Commis-
sioner, 439 U. S. 940, 942 (1978) (STEVENS, J., respecting denial of certiorari). Often, a denial of certiorari on a novel issue will permit the state and federal courts to "serve as laboratories in which the issue receives further study before it is addressed by
this Court." McCray v. New York, 461 U. S., at 963. Petitioner's
claim, with its legal complexity and its potential for far-reaching consequences, seems an ideal example of one which would benefit
from such further study. JUSTICE BREYER agrees with JUSTICE STEVENS that the issue
is an important undecided one.

1048

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

March 27, 31, April 1, 3, 1995

514 U. S.

Rehearing Denied
No. 94-882. KLEVE v. BOARD OF GREEN TOWNSHIP TRUSTEES, 513 U. S. 1083;
No. 94-1015. GELLERT V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, 513 U. S. 1149;
No. 94-6712. OGDEN V. SAN JUAN COUNTY ET AL., 513 U. S. 1090;
No. 94-7156. FULLER v. SCHAEFER, GOVERNOR OF MARYLAND, ET AL., 513 U. S. 1161; and
No. 94-7275. MANN V. CONNECTICUT, 513 U. S. 1165. Petitions for rehearing denied.

MARCH 31, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-555. ROCKY MOUNTAIN HOSPITAL & MEDICAL SERVICE v. PHILLIPS. C. A. 10th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 513 U. S. 1071.] Writ of certiorari dismissed under this Court's 46.

Miscellaneous Order APRIL 1, 1995
No. A-736. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS V. PORTER. C. A. 11th Cir. Application to vacate the stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the Court, denied.

APRIL 3, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-1424. HORN V. SEACATCHER FISHERIES, INC., ET AL. Ct. App. Ore. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46. Reported below: 128 Ore. App. 585, 876 P. 2d 352.

Miscellaneous Orders

No. ---.

CHAPMAN v. BRYAN. Motion to direct the Clerk

to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.

No. D-1490. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MCGEE. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1073.]

ORDERS

514 U. S.

April 3, 1995

No. D-1494. IN RE DISBARMENT OF OTCHERE. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1074.]
No. 93-2068. KIMBERLIN V. QUINLAN ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir.
[Certiorari granted, 513 U. S. 1123.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-203. MORSE ET AL. v. REPUBLICAN PARTY OF VIRGINIA ET AL. D. C. W. D. Va. [Probable jurisdiction noted, 513 U. S. 1125.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-372. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES V. WHITECOTTON ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. [Certiorari granted, 513 U. S. 959.] Motion of respondents for leave to file a supplemental brief after argument granted.
No. 94-8032. KVIATKOVSKY V. TEMPLE UNIVERSITY ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. Petitioner is allowed until April 24, 1995, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit a petition in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.

Certiorari Granted
No. 94-818. HERCULES INC. ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A.
Fed. Cir. Certiorari granted. JUSTICE STEVENS took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 188.

CertiorariDenied
No. 94-746. CALIFORNIA v. GUTIERREZ. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 Cal. App. 4th 153, 29 Cal. Rptr. 2d 376.
No. 94-878. IGARTUA ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 8.
No. 94-977. TUCKER V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-6963. McDONALD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1420.

1050

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 3, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-1004. WHITE v. RUBIN, SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 474.
No. 94-1075. BRUNSWICK CORP. V. BRITISH SEAGULL. LTD. ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 1527.
No. 94-1134. DEHAINAUT, AS WIDOW AND REPRESENTATIVE OF DEHAINAUT, DECEASED, ET AL. V. PENA, SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Re-
ported below: 32 F. 3d 1066.
No. 94-1154. GRYBOS ET AL. v. DEPARTMENT OF STATE ET AL.
C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1097.
No. 94-1173. CALIFORNIA ET AL. v. FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION ET AL.; and
No. 94-1213. NEW YORK ET AL. V.FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 919.
No. 94-1208. SUMMERFIELD V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 37 F. 3d 1506.
No. 94-1333. NAEGELE v. FIRST AMERICAN TITLE INSURANCE
Co. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1072.
No. 94-1346. EICHELBERGER ET AL. V. SMITH, TRUSTEE, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 567.
No. 94-1347. IPARRAGUIRRE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 388.
No. 94-1350. AREA BELLE CHASSE COMMUNITY RADIO v. BELLE CHASSE BROADCASTING CORP. ET AL. Ct. App. La., 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 8.
No. 94-1352. HENNESSEY ET AL. V. BLALACK ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 561 and 562.
No. 94-1360. SIPCO, INC., ET AL. V. JENSEN ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 945.

ORDERS

1051

514 U. S.

April 3, 1995

No. 94-1364. FEI, LTD., ET AL. V. OLYMPIA & YORK BATTERY PARK Co., AKA WFC TOWER A CO., ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1501.
No. 94-1365. DE LUCA v. UNITED NATIONS ORGANIZATION ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1502.
No. 94-1366. MURRAY v. MCINTYRE ET AL. Cir. Ct. Kanawha County, W. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1367. Tous RODRIGUEZ V. CUEVAS CUEVAS ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1065.
No. 94-1374. GORDON ET AL. V. PRESIDENT CONTAINER, INC., ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1501.
No. 94-1406. MATHIS ET AL. V. VELSICOL CHEMICAL CORP. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 390.
No. 94-1410. WELLS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1438. FOWLER V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-1439. RuIz v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1533.
No. 94-1442. McELDOWNEY v. NATIONAL CONFERENCE OF BAR EXAMINERS. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1072.
No. 94-1448. EISENBERG, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS TRUSTEE AND ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ALAN D. EISENBERG, S. C. PENSION AND PROFIT SHARING PLAN, ET AL. V. BASSLER-HARSCH ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1391.
No. 94-1459. DUENAS V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 719.
No. 94-1461. BRISCOE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 142.
No. 94-1466. FIERRO ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 761.

1052

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 3, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-1475. PRI-HAR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1157.
No. 94-5845. BRAY v. DOWLING ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 135.
No. 94-6929. WILKES ET AL. v. GOMEZ. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1324.
No. 94-7101. RILEY v. NEVADA. Sup. Ct. Nev. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 110 Nev. 638, 878 P. 2d 272.

No. 94-7309. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 480.

No. 94-7480. MCCALL v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI
CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 750.
No. 94-7518. MORALES-MENDOZA ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 242.
No. 94-7557. PINA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 569.
No. 94-7573. WILLETT v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1265.
No. 94-7585. PURGASON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1118.
No. 94-7588. BYRD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1329.
No. 94-7604. DOTA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1179.
No. 94-7630. BLAIR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-7632. FRIAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 391.
No. 94-7869. RAMOS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 219.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

April 3, 1995

No. 94-7914. JOHNSON v. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7944. BURKET V. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 248 Va. 596, 450 S. E. 2d 124.

No. 94-7984. TRAYLOR V. REYNOLDS, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1483.

No. 94-7986. KIDD v. KAY AUTOMOTIVE DISTRIBUTORS, INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1479.

No. 94-7996. SHOWS v. DYAL ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 389.

No. 94-8006. MASON V. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, Los ANGELES COUNTY. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8007. CLAY V. MURRAY, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1091.

No. 94-8008. tiorari denied. 2d 580.

BOOTH V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. CerReported below: 265 Ill. App. 3d 462, 637 N. E.

No. 94-8015. JONES V. WHITE, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 436.

No. 94-8017. MARTIN V. MCKUNE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1516.

No. 94-8019. CALIFORRNIAA V. CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8024. YOUNG V. SHILAOS ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 441.

No. 94-8026. RAMIREZ v. PRICE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1483.

No. 94-8033. MCCORMACK v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1068.

1054

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 3, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8034. GLENDORA V. GANNETT CO. INC. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1238.
No. 94-8035. DAVIS v. FIRST WORTHING MANAGEMENT. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1378.
No. 94-8036. HARRIS v. BELCHER ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 636.

No. 94-8037. ROBINSON V. SYNTHETIC PRODUCTS. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8038. PETERSON v. HADDAD. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8039. BRANSON V. ARTHUR. Ct. App. Ariz. Certio-
rari denied.
No. 94-8042. BOSSETT V. WALKER, SUPERINTENDENT, AuBURN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 825.
No. 94-8046. PUDDER V. IRWIN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8050. WILLIAMS V. CITY OF COLUMBUS POLICE DEPARTMENT ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8051. THOMAS v. GOMEZ, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8054. YOUNG V. JONES, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1457.
No. 94-8055. THOMAS ET AL. v. LOUISIANA. Ct. App. La., 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 So. 2d 1272.
No. 94-8059. JUDD v. NURNBERG, MEDICAL DIRECTOR OF UNM MEDICAL MENTAL HEALTH CENTER. Sup. Ct. N. M. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8060. JONES v. LANHAM, COMMISSIONER, MARYLAND
DIVISION OF CORRECTION, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1177.
No. 94-8066. BROWN v. BROWN ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

April 3, 1995

No. 94-8070. CRAMER v. SPADA ET AL. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 3d Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 203 App. Div. 2d 739, 610 N. Y. S. 2d 662.

No. 94-8074. NASH v. NIXON; ATTORNEY GENERAL OF MIS-
SOURI, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8080. HEARN V. WELLINGTON LEASING Co. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8081. GATOV v. RIVER BANK AMERICA ET AL. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 84 N. Y. 2d 921, 645 N. E. 2d 1209.
No. 94-8140. AMARAL V. RHODE ISLAND HOSPITAL TRUST ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1166.
No. 94-8141. SLATER v. NEWMAN ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1386.
No. 94-8187. BOWMAN V.MARYLAND MASS TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1465.
No. 94-8190. GIVENS v. MARYLAND. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 100 Md. App. 795.
No. 94-8223. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1312.
No. 94-8240. BERGODERE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 512.
No. 94-8266. RAWLINGS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1075.
No. 94-8267. PEET V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1152.
No. 94-8268. LAMPKINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 175.
No. 94-8280. DUPLESSIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1468.

1056

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 3, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8283. AMERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-8284. HOLMES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 388.
No. 94-8285. GRIFFITHS V. UNITED STATES (two cases). C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 844 (first case).
No. 94-8286. WINTERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1497.
No. 94-8287. WORTHAM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 644.
No. 94-8291. SALVAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 218.
No. 94-8292. RECTOR V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8295. JAMES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 610.
No. 94-8296. MARDER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 564.
No. 94-8301. BROYLES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1314.
No. 94-8302. BRADY V. UNITED STATES PAROLE COMMISSION. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8303. BROWN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 644.
No. 94-8305. MILEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 71.
No. 94-8319. HUANG SHAO MING ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8320. McRAVEN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1473.
No. 94-8326. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 192.

ORDERS

1057

514 U. S.

April 3, 5, 1995

No. 94-8327. WASHINGTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1120.
No. 94-8338. NEWBERN V. MACDONALD, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8339. SOUN v. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 188 Wis. 2d 606, 526 N. W. 2d 281.
No. 94-1356. GABLE ET AL. V. SWEETHEART CUP CO., INC., ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Motion of General Motors Salaried Retirees for leave to file a brief as amicum curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 851.
Rehearing Denied
No. 94-6866. JUDD V. HANSEN, JUDGE, UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO, 513 U. S. 1158;
No. 94-7135. KLOPP v. AVCO LYCOMING TEXTRON ET AL., 513 U. S. 1161;
No. 94-7207. GODAIRE V. ULRICH ET AL., 513 U. S. 1163; No. 94-7463. HARRIS v. RICHARDSON, COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE, 513 U. S. 1173; No. 94-7486. MORRITZ V. GOVERNMENT OF ISRAEL, 513 U. S. 1175; No. 94-7509. PIZZO v. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL., 513 U. S. 1193; No. 94-7611. JACKSON v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION, 513 U. S. 1179; and No. 94-7623. BURDINE v. TEXAS, 513 U. S. 1185. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 94-662. CITY OF HENDERSON ET AL. V. NEVADA ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRIES, INC., ET AL., 513 U. S. 1078 and 1199. Motion for leave to file second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 94-5565. CARRIO v. HEMSTREE ET AL., 513 U. S. 907. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.

CertiorariDenied

APRIL 5, 1995

No. 94-8748 (A-745). MAYS v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DE-
PARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION.
C. A. 5th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of

1058

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 5, 6, 7, 1995

514 U. S.

death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS and JuSTICE GINSBURG would grant the application for stay of execution. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 1045.
Rehearing Denied
No. 94-7318 (A-711). INGRAM V. THOMAS, WARDEN, 513 U. S. 1167. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Petition for rehearing denied.

APRIL 6, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-7628. LANE v. NEVADA. Sup. Ct. Nev. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.1. Reported below: 110 Nev. 1156, 881 P. 2d 1358.
CertiorariDenied
No. 94-8766 (A-750). MAYS v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE SOUTER would grant the application for stay of execution. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.

Miscellaneous Order APRIL 7, 1995
No. A-754. INGRAM V. AULT, COMMISSIONER, GEORGIA DE-
PARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. Application for stay of ex-
ecution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the Court, denied. JUSTICE STEVENS and JUSTICE GINSBURG would grant the application for stay of execution.
CertiorariDenied
No. 94-8790 (A-760). INGRAM V. THOMAS, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Ga. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1069

514 U. S.

April 7, 17, 1995

No. 94-8792 (A-761). INGRAM v. THOMAS, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.

APRIL 17, 1995
Vacated and Remanded on Appeal
No. 94-66. MOORE ET AL. v. DUPREE ET AL.; and No. 94-82. LAMAR COUNTY BOARD OF EDUCATION AND TRUSTEES ET AL. v. DUPREE ET AL. Appeals from D. C. S. D. Miss. Judgment vacated and cases remanded to the District Court to clarify whether it has enjoined only §47 of the Uniform School Law, 1986 Miss. Gen. Laws, ch. 492, or whether it has also enjoined the effect of § 52 of the Act (codified as Miss. Code Ann. § 37-7-103 (1990)), insofar as § 52 implicitly repealed Miss. Code Ann. § 37-7611 (1972). Reported below: 831 F. Supp. 1310.

Miscellaneous Orders. (See also No. 94-7743, ante, p. 208.)

No. ---. No.

FRITZ V. UNITED STATES; KALLAS v. CHICAGO BOARD OF EDUCATION ET

AL.;,

No. - -

MAGUIRE V. MAGUIRE;

No. - --

ROKKE v. ROKKE; and

No. - -

SINICROPI V. MILONE, FORMER DIRECTOR OF

PROBATION, ET AL. Motions to direct the Clerk to file petitions

for writs of certiorari out of time denied.

No. D-1499. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BENSON. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1142.]

No. D-1500. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SACKS. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1143.]

No. D-1501. IN RE DISBARMENT OF TINARI. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1143.]

No. D-1503. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SYDNOR. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1143.]

No. D-1504. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HANSON. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1143.]

No. D-1509. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MASON. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1144.]

1060

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 17, 1995

514 U.S.

No. D-1516. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KENT. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1189.]
No. D-1527. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HERKENHOFF. It is ordered that Walter Eugene Herkenhoff, of Las Cruces, N. M., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1528. IN RE DISBARMENT OF EVANS. It is ordered that Jake R. Evans, of Las Cruces, N. M., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1529. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SPIVAK. It is ordered that Peter B. Spivak, of Detroit, Mich., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1530. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WINDHEIM. It is ordered that Aaron G. Windheim, of Nyack, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1531. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MADDOX. It is ordered that Alton H. Maddox, Jr., of Brooklyn, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1532. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CRAWFORD. It is ordered that Todd Howard Crawford, of Greensburg, Pa., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1533. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SHREVE. It is ordered that David H. Shreve, of Pittsburgh, Pa., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

ORDERS

1061

514 U. S.

April 17, 1995

No. D-1534. IN RE DISBARMENT OF DOYLE. It is ordered that Robert W. Doyle, of Minneapolis, Minn., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1535. IN RE DISBARMENT OF FRANKUM. It is ordered that John W. Frankum, of Kansas City, Mo., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1536. IN RE DISBARMENT OF STERN. It is ordered that Stanley R. Stern, of New York, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1537. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WAGNER. It is ordered that Arthur Wagner, of New York, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1538. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MAIOLO. It is ordered that Jenny M. Maiolo, of Richmond Hill, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring her to show cause why she should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 94-631. MILLER ET AL. V. JOHNSON ET AL.; No. 94-797. ABRAMS ET AL. V. JOHNSON ET AL.; and No. 94-929. UNITED STATES V. JOHNSON ET AL. D. C. S. D. Ga. [Probable jurisdiction noted, 513 U. S. 1071.] Motion of appellants Lucious Abrams, Jr., et al. for reconsideration of order denying motion for additional time for oral argument [ante, p. 1013] denied.
No. 94-749. HURLEY ET AL. V. IRISH-AMERICAN GAY, LESBIAN & BISEXUAL GROUP OF BOSTON ET AL. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass. [Certiorari granted, 513 U. S. 1071.] Motion of Individual Rights Foundation for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae out of time denied.

1062

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 17, 1995

514 U.S.

No. 94-7636. IN RE GAYDOS. Motion of petitioner for reconsideration of order denying leave to proceed in forma pauperis [513 U. S. 1189] denied.

No. 94-7852. WILLIAMS ET UX. V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Motion of petitioners for reconsideration of order denying leave to proceed informa pauperis [ante, p. 1003] denied.

No. 94-8603. IN RE ENGLERT. Petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.

No. 94-1468. IN RE LAW; No. 94-1478. IN RE GRECO;
No. 94-8045. IN RE SOLIMINE; and No. 94-8137. IN RE HOLLINGSWORTH. mandamus denied.

Petitions for writs of

CertiorariGranted
No. 94-1239. FULTON CORP. v. FAULKNER, SECRETARY OF REVENUE OF NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 338 N. C. 472, 450 S. E. 2d 728.
No. 94-1361. ZICHERMAN, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS EXECUTRIX
OF THE ESTATE OF KOLE, ET AL. V. KOREAN AIR LINES Co., LTD.; and
No. 94-1477. KOREAN AIR LINES Co., LTD. V. ZICHERMAN, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS EXECUTRIX OF THE ESTATE OF KOLE, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari in No. 94-1361 granted limited to Question 1 presented by the petition. Certiorari in No. 941477 granted. Cases consolidated and a total of one hour allotted for oral argument. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 18.
No. 94-7448. BAILEY V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7492. ROBINSON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Motions of petitioners for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, cases consolidated, and a total of one hour allotted for oral argument. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 106.
Certiorari Denied
No. 94-1202. MOTTOLA v. AYENI ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 680.
No. 94-1204. ALEXANDER SHOKAI, INC., ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1480.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

April 17, 1995

No. 94-1216. GILLE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 46.
No. 94-1223. BROOKMAN V. RUBIN, SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1226. FLEMING FOODS OF ALABAMA, INC. V. ALABAMA DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 648 So. 2d 577.
No. 94-1240. WHITTLESEY V. OFFICE OF HEARINGS AND APPEALS, SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1197.
No. 94-1245. BEVACQUA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1186.
No. 94-1258. NATIONAL POSTAL MAIL HANDLERS UNION, A DIVISION OF LIUNA, DBA MAIL HANDLERS BENEFITS PLAN V. GOEPEL ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 36 F. 3d 306.
No. 94-1267. PREVETIRE V. WEYHER/LIVSEY CONSTRUCTORS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 985.
No. 94-1278. F. SCHUMACHER & Co. v. ALVORD-POLK, INC., ET AL.; and
No. 94-1363. NATIONAL DECORATING PRODUCTS ASSN., INC. v. ALVORD-POLK, INC., ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
Reported below: 37 F. 3d 996.
No. 94-1300. GUIDRY V. SHEET METAL WORKERS' NATIONAL PENSION FUND ET AL.; and
No. 94-1452. SHEET METAL WORKERS' INTERNATIONAL ASSN., LOCAL 9 v. GUIDRY. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1078.
No. 94-1309. HUFNAGEL V. MEDICAL BOARD OF CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1348. THOMPSON ET AL. v. BOGGS ET AL. C. A. 7th
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 847.
No. 94-1368. FIDELITY & CASUALTY COMPANY OF NEW YORK v. SAMPSELL. Ct. App. La., 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 477.

1064

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 17, 1995

514 U.S.

No. 94-1371. STROIK V. PONSETI. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 155.

No. 94-1373. tiorari denied. 291.

REICH V.SPELLMAN ET AL. Ct. App. Wis. CerReported below: 185 Wis. 2d 918, 520 N. W. 2d

No. 94-1376. ILIc v. LIQUID AIR CORP. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 668.

No. 94-1377. SUN CITY TAXPAYERS' ASSN. V. CITIZENS UTILITIES CO. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 58.

No. 94-1379. MATTIOLI ET AL. V. TUNKHANNOCK TOWNSHIP ET AL. Commw. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below:
166 Pa. Commw. 15, 646 A. 2d 6.

No. 94-1381. DAVIDSON BROS., INC. v. D. KATZ & SONS, INC., ET AL. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 274 N. J. Super. 159, 643 A. 2d 642.

No. 94-1384. REAHARD ET UX. v. LEE COUNTY, FLORIDA. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1412.

No. 94-1386. RYAN V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 259 Ill. App. 3d 611, 631 N. E. 2d 348.

No. 94-1388. BERRY ET AL. V. PARRISH, KANSAS SECURITIES COMMISSIONER. Ct. App. Kan. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 Kan. App. 2d xxix, 880 P. 2d 1291.

No. 94-1389. KELL v. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1115.

No. 94-1390. WILLIAMS ET AL. v. NAGEL ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 162 Ill. 2d 542, 643 N. E. 2d 816.

No. 94-1391. STONUM V. CCH COMPUTAX INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1073.

No. 94-1394. UNDERWOOD ET AL. v. ALASKA ET AL. Sup. Ct. Alaska. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 881 P. 2d 322.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

April 17, 1995

No. 94-1395. HERNANDEZ ET UX. v. BADGER CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT Co. ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 Cal. App. 4th 1791, 34 Cal. Rptr. 2d 732.
No. 94-1396. RIGGS v. SCINDIA STEAM NAVIGATION Co., LTD., ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 1466.
No. 94-1397. ARRINGTON ET AL. V. WILKS ET AL.; and No. 94-1422. MARTIN ET AL. V. WILKS ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1525.
No. 94-1399. BULETTE ET AL. V. TROUT ET AL. Commw. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 164 Pa. Commw. 701, 643 A. 2d 1192.
No. 94-1400. SAKAI, ADMINISTRATOR, HALAWA CORRECTION FACILITY, ET AL. V. SMITH ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1001.
No. 94-1402. THOMAS M. v. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1403. BERNARD ET UX. V. COYNE, CHAPTER 7 TRUSTEE, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1028.
No. 94-1409. SUMMERS v. GRIFFITH. Sup. Ct. Ark. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 317 Ark. 404, 878 S. W. 2d 401.
No. 94-1411. ST. JUDE HOSPITAL OF KENNER, LOUISIANA, INC. v. TRAVELERS INSURANCE CO. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 193.
No. 94-1413. BAKER, LEGALLY INCAPACITATED PERSON BY BAKER, GUARDIAN, ET AL. V. SEARS, ROEBUCK & CO. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1471.
No. 94-1414. MEAD CORP. v. BEAZER EAST, INC. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 206.
No. 94-1415. IMMANUEL V. BARRY, MAYOR OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, ET AL. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1425. DAVIS v. UNION NATIONAL BANK ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 24.

1066

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 17, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-1426. TRIPLETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1500.
No. 94-1427. DEAN, SHERIFF, CITRUS COUNTY, FLORIDA V.
REDNER ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1495.
No. 94-1428. MCKENZIE v. GENERAL TELEPHONE COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA, DBA GTEL, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1310.
No. 94-1429. SWAIN V. STEVENS. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 628 So. 2d 1385.
No. 94-1430. WHEEL v. ROBINSON, SUPERINTENDENT, CHITTENDEN COUNTY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 60.
No. 94-1433. LEE ET AL. V. COAHOMA COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 384.
No. 94-1435. JOHNSON V. HILLS & DALES GENERAL HOSPITAL ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 837.
No. 94-1436. WILSON ET UX. v. ALEXANDER'S POWER SHIPPING Co., LTD. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 638.
No. 94-1440. CALIFORNIA V. BLAIR. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1514.
No. 94-1441. MORETTI V. NEW JERSEY ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1462.
No. 94-1454. PLANT V. VOUGHT AIRCRAFT Co. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 640.
No. 94-1458. ADAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-1464. BORST ET AL. V. CHEVRON CORP. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1308.
No. 94-1469. RANDOLPH v. TENNESSEE. Ct. Crim. App. Tenn. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1067

514 U. S.

April 17, 1995

No. 94-1472. ALEXANDER, CO-ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ESTATE OF COLEMAN, DECEASED, ET AL. V. HERBERT ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 290.
No. 94-1480. GARCIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1359.
No. 94-1487. MARTIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 642.
No. 94-1493. MERVIS V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8462. ZEHRBACH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1252.
No. 94-1499. RATLIFF V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1392.
No. 94-1502. DUQUESNE LIGHT CO. v. CLAUS. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1115.
No. 94-1503. NORTH CAROLINA DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE v. PARKER. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1178.
No. 94-1504. MARKS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1009.
No. 94-1505. JACKSON V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1480.
No. 94-1510. Au v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1398.
No. 94-1526. BELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 M. J. 56.
No. 94-1547. DEVOLL v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 575.
No. 94-7281. JONES, AKA TILLMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 596.
No. 94-7377. LONGNECKER v. KELLEY. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 538 Pa. 626, 646 A. 2d 1180.
No. 94-7413. JONES v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 17, 1995

514 U.S.

No. 94-7425. RIDDLE V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 888 S. W. 2d 1.

No. 94-7668. TYRELL J. V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 8 Cal. 4th 68, 876 P. 2d 519.
No. 94-7744. TURNER V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 Cal. 4th 137, 878 P. 2d 521.
No. 94-7745. WATERS v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-7779. HANOUM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1128.
No. 94-7785. SINGER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1216.
No. 94-7903. GAREY V. OH. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 648 So. 2d 722.
No. 94-8061. LONG V.OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 883 P. 2d 167.
No. 94-8065. KEELER V. MAUNEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1125.
No. 94-8086. COLEMAN v. DELAWARE. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 659 A. 2d 227.
No. 94-8088. GREEN V. PETERS, DIRECTOR, ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 602.
No. 94-8095. LATHAM v. LAWHON, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1177.
No. 94-8096. MASTERSON V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 Cal. 4th 965, 884 P. 2d 136.

No. 94-8097. YOUNG v. NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION
ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1470.

No. 94-8098. TEMPLIN V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 568.

ORDERS

1069

514 U. S.

April 17, 1995

No. 94-8103. SANCHEZ v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 670.
No. 94-8106. ABEDI V. SMITH, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1398.
No. 94-8120. JAMES v. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 607.
No. 94-8121. KRESE V. OVERTON, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1507.
No. 94-8122. SUTTON V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8127. LANGFORD V. NAGLE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8130. MIKKILINENI V. INDIANA COUNTY TRANSIT AUTHORITY ET AL. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 436 Pa. Super. 655, 647 A. 2d 272.
No. 94-8135. WUORNOS v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 644 So. 2d 1000.
No. 94-8142. LAMBROS v. NORTHWEST AIRLINES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8144. STOW v. HORAN ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1089.
No. 94-8148. SALAZAR V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-8149. AYERS V. MURRAY, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1465.
No. 94-8160. LEWIS V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8170. PESEK V. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied.

1070

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 17, 1995

514 U.S.

No. 94-8171. PADILLOW V. CHAMPION, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1192.
No. 94-8173. GONZALEZ V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 389.
No. 94-8174. REDMOND V. SCHOCKWEILER ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 432.
No. 94-8177. CREEL V. KYLE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 955.
No. 94-8178. BRIM v. WRIGHT, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1175.
No. 94-8180. FRIEDMAN v. FLORIDA BAR. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 646 So. 2d 188.

No. 94-8181. BROWN V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8182. AVERY v. BRODEUR, COMMISSIONER, NEW HAMPSHIRE DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 561.
No. 94-8183. BANKS V.FLORIDA. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 648 So. 2d 766.
No. 94-8185. COOPER V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 562.
No. 94-8186. AZUBUKO V. CHIEF ADULT PROBATION OFFICER ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1235.

No. 94-8191. DAWSON V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF ARIZONA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8193. WUORNOS v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 644 So. 2d 1012.
No. 94-8195. MCCULLUM V. JACKSON PUBLIC SCHOOL DISTRICT. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 91.

ORDERS

1071

514 U. S.

April 17, 1995

No. 94-8197. STRAUSS v. NOONAN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8201. WATSON v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 338 N. C. 168, 449 S. E. 2d 694.
No. 94-8204. IN RE JUDD. Ct. App. N. M. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8206. STANWOOD V. MULTNOMAH COUNTY, OREGON, ET AL. Ct. App. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 129 Ore. App. 305, 879 P. 2d 246.
No. 94-8207. WATSON V. WHITE, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8208. BALL V. CIRCUIT COURT OF WEST VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. App. W. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8212. GIBSON V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 251 Ill. App. 3d 1106, 661 N. E. 2d 1197.
No. 94-8213. BURROWS v. BABYLON, NEW YORK, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 3.
No. 94-8215. REILLY v. FLORIDA ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8219. ARMSTEAD V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 202.
No. 94-8220. JEFFERS v. LEWIS, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 411.
No. 94-8221. JOHNSON V. WILKINSON, DIRECTOR, OHIO DEPARTMENT OF REHABILITATION AND CORRECTION, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1388.
No. 94-8235. CORONEL v. OLSON. Sup. Ct. Haw. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 77 Haw. 488, 889 P. 2d 65.
No. 94-8237. BAILEY V. SOKOLOWSKI ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8247. HILL V. MISSOURI. Ct. App. Mo., Eastern Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 885 S. W. 2d 738.

1072

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 17, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8250. DAVIS v. LEONARDO, SUPERINTENDENT, GREAT MEADOW CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8252. HALF-DAY v. PEROT ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8253. THOMAS V. VIRGINIA (two cases). Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8257. BANKHEAD V. CITY OF COLUMBUS, MISSISSIPPI, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 662.

No. 94-8258. TIMMERMAN V. UTAH STATE TAX COMMISSION. Ct. App. Utah. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8261. COLEMAN V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TExAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 633.
No. 94-8297. KAMAL v. BROWN ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8298. MOORE, GUARDIAN AD LITEM V. AETNA CAS-
UALTY & SURETY CO., INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
Reported below: 35 F. 3d 570.

No. 94-8306. RIVERA-LOPEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1404.
No. 94-8307. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 643.

No. 94-8308. SANTANA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 677.

No. 94-8309. SUTTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1257.

No. 94-8310. ROGERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 31.

No. 94-8315. PETRYKIEVICZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1104.

ORDERS

1073

514 U. S.

April 17, 1995

No. 94-8323. VIAL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1469.

No. 94-8328. TAVERAS v. NEW YORK ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1213.

No. 94-8330. HUNTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1392.

No. 94-8331. DOLORES-RODRIGUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 572.

No. 94-8332. GARCIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 604.

No. 94-8333. ESCOBAR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1458.

No. 94-8334. JOHNSON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1007.

No. 94-8335. LEE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1389.

No. 94-8336. GILBREATH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1484.

No. 94-8340. RIVERA-URENA ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1402.

No. 94-8341. WASHINGTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1120.

No. 94-8342. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 644.

No. 94-8344. SENIOR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 645.
No. 94-8345. GONZALEZ-DIAZ V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8348. SANTANA-MADERA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1157.

No. 94-8346. No. 94-8347. tiorari denied.

NOEL v. UNITED STATES; and MARSH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1157.

Cer-

1074

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 17, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8349. DE LA ROSA v. GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN
ISLANDS. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1116.
No. 94-8350. FULFORD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 644.
No. 94-8351. HARPS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 644.
No. 94-8355. JAMES v. GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS.
C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1116.
No. 94-8356. TURCKS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 893.
No. 94-8357. WHITE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1515.
No. 94-8360. DOWARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 789.
No. 94-8361. GONZALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 735.
No. 94-8362. GALLEGOS-CORRALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 548.
No. 94-8363. RAMIREZ-FRIAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-8366. RUFFIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1296.
No. 94-8367. THOMAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 567.
No. 94-8368. RIVERA-GARCIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1212.
No. 94-8369. SOTO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1120.
No. 94-8370. ST. HILL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1469.
No. 94-8371. TRACY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 187.

ORDERS

1075

514 U. S.

April 17, 1995

No. 94-8376. EARLY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1215.
No. 94-8378. COLEMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1389.
No. 94-8383. BOWENS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1480.
No. 94-8389. ZURITO-BERRIO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1007.
No. 94-8390. LOHM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1157.
No. 94-8393. VAN KRIEKEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 227.
No. 94-8394. WALTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 669.
No. 94-8396. WILES V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 434 Pa. Super. 696, 641 A. 2d 1229.
No. 94-8400. ROSE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1172.
No. 94-8403. ORTIZ-ESPINOSA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1478.
No. 94-8408. BIVOLCIC v. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1115.
No. 94-8410. BARNETT-INCLAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1478.
No. 94-8412. FOSTER v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 873.
No. 94-8413. VALENZUELA-RUIZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1507.
No. 94-8415. DURDEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 677.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 17, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8416. BORJAS DE LOZANO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 429.
No. 94-8417. HEFFLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1119.
No. 94-8418. GOLDEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1392.
No. 94-8419. FLORES-LOMELI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1403.
No. 94-8421. HALL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1007.
No. 94-8422. GRISSOM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1507.
No. 94-8428. MOORE V. PERRILL, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1192.
No. 94--8431. JACKSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1507.
No. 94-8433. KoPP v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 1450.
No. 94-8443. HALLS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 275.
No. 94-8446. MUNOZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1480.
No. 94-8454. STROBRIDGE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1387.
No. 94-8461. EAGLE THUNDER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 278.
No. 94-8469. FAULKNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 429.
No. 94-8476. ORTIZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1480.
No. 94-8477. SCHWARTZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1120.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

April 17, 1995

No. 94-8479. LAYNE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 127.
No. 94-8480. MARSHALL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1480.
No. 94-8482. WELLMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 944.
No. 94-8483. KYUNG HWAN MUN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 409.
No. 94-8497. MCLYMONT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 400.
No. 94-8501. JAMES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1213.
No. 94-8503. BURNS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1478.
No. 94-8504. BRUTZMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 437.
No. 94-8520. CHERUBIN V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1119.
No. 94-8521. CARILLO V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1116.
No. 94-8568. CHAPMAN V. ABRAHAMSON, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1510.
No. 94-1003. MICHIGAN v. GOSS. Sup. Ct. Mich. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed informa pauperisgranted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 446 Mich. 587, 521 N. W. 2d 312.
No. 94-1408. CASPARI, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSOURI EASTERN CORRECTIONAL CENTER, ET AL. V. MCINTYRE. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 338.
No. 94-1261. ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND Co. ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 321.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 17, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-1418. CHIAVOLA ET AL. V. VILLAGE OF OAKWOOD, MISSOURI, ET AL. Ct. App. Mo., Western Dist. Motion of American Planning Association for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae
granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 886 S. W. 2d 74.
No. 94-1437. CONOPCO, INC., DBA CHESEBROUGH-POND'S USA
Co. v. MAY DEPARTMENT STORES CO. ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir.
Motions of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., International Trademark Association, SmithKline Beecham Corp., Gerstman + Meyers, Inc., et al., and American Home Products Corp. et al. for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1556.
Rehearing Denied
No. 93-1975. KING v. BROWN, SUPERINTENDENT, CLALLAM BAY CORRECTIONS CENTER, 513 U. S. 925;
No. 93-7659. HARRIS V. ALABAMA, 513 U. S. 504; No. 93-9434. MCGAHEE v. ALABAMA, 513 U.S. 1189; No. 93-9690. FAIRCHILD v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION, 513 U.S. 1146; No. 94-1046. EAST V. WEST ONE BANK, IDAHO, 513 U. S. 1150; No. 94-1061. JENSEN V.BROKAW, CHIEF FINANCING DIVISION AGENT, SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION, 513 U. S. 1150; No. 94-1100. IN RE ROGERS, 513 U. S. 1145; No. 94-1132. CIAFFONI V. COWDEN, 513 U. S. 1153; No. 94-1136. TONN v. FORSBERG ET AL., 513 U. S. 1153; No. 94-1171. RESHARD V. PENA, SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION (two cases), 513 U. S. 1155; No. 94-1199. ZISK v. HIGH STREET ASSOCIATES, 513 U. S. 1192;
No. 94-1231. CATERINA V. BLAKELY BOROUGH ET AL., 513 U. S. 1156;
No. 94-6294. WEEDEN v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL, 513 U. S. 1157;
No. 94-6785. KIKUMURA v. TURNER, WARDEN, ante, p. 1005; No. 94-6831. BECKER V. CITY OF KENNEWICK, 513 U. S. 1129; No. 94-7004. BRONFMAN v. CITY OF KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI, ET AL., 513 U. S. 1117; No. 94-7089. MCNAIR v. ALABAMA, 513 U. S. 1159; No. 94-7119. WEEKS V. JONES, WARDEN, 513 U. S. 1193; No. 94-7157. DEVIER V. THOMAS, WARDEN, 513 U. S. 1161; No. 94-7178. HARRIS V. WHITE, WARDEN, 513 U. S. 1162;

ORDERS

514 U. S.

April 17, 19, 24, 1995

No. 94-7181. SCHREYER v. TATTERSALL, INC., 513 U.S. 1162; No. 94-7187. CLISBY v. ALABAMA, 513 U. S. 1162; No. 94-7188. KENDALL V.KENDALL, 513 U. S. 1162; No. 94-7220. BROWN v. SIEGEL, WARDEN, 513 U. S. 1163; No. 94-7272. DAVIS v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, 513 U. S. 1165; No. 94-7292. CHIVARS v. BORG, WARDEN, 513 U.S. 1166; No. 94-7326. HILL v. UNITED STATES, 513 U. S. 1167; No. 94-7362. BISHOP V. STATE BAR OF GEORGIA, 513 U.S. 1168;
No. 94-7465. KRAMER V. UNIVERSITY OF PITTSBURGH ET AL., 513 U. S. 1173;
No. 94-7478. BUSSELL V. KENTUCKY, 513 U. S. 1174; No. 94-7532. BORROMEO V. JOHNSON ET AL., 513 U. S. 1176; No. 94-7536. CARTER V. APPELLATE DIVISION, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK, SECOND JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT, 513 U. S. 1194; No. 94-7543. JACKSON V. ROCHESTER HOUSING AUTHORITY ET AL., 513 U. S. 1194; No. 94-7568. IN RE FLAKES, 513 U. S. 1145; No. 94-7685. TAi TAN DUONG v. UNITED STATES, 513 U.S. 1181; and No. 94-7917. IN RE BRANCH, 513 U. S. 1189. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 94-6914. FIELDS v. KANSAS, 513 U. S. 1129; and No. 94-7351. VIJENDIRA v. UNITED STATES, 513 U.S. 1136. Motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.
Miscellaneous Order APRIL 19, 1995
No. A-787. SNELL V. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE THOMAS, and by him referred to the Court, denied.
APRIL 24, 1995

CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 93-313. BDO SEIDMAN ET AL. V. SIMMONS ET AL.; and No. 93-611. CONTINENTAL INSURANCE Co. v. SIMMONS ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and cases

1080

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 24, 1995

514 U.S.

remanded for further consideration in light of Plaut v. Spendthrift Farm, Inc., ante, p. 211. Reported below: 997 F. 2d 39.

Miscellaneous Orders

No. - - -.

OPS SHOPPING CENTER, INC. V. FEDERAL DE-

POSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION; and

No. ---.

ALABAMA V. NUTTER. Motions to direct the

Clerk to file petitions for writs of certiorari out of time denied.

No. - - - JERMYN V. PENNSYLVANIA; and

No. - -

MATURANA V. ARIZONA. Motions for leave to

proceed in forma pauperis without affidavits of indigency exe-

cuted by petitioners granted.

No. D-1505. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BEITLER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1188.]
No. D-1506. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WESTLER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1143.]
No. D-1511. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ZELTZER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1188.]
No. D-1514. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MAZER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1188.]
No. D-1517. IN RE DISBARMENT OF PROVINE. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1189.]
No. D-1519. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HIGH. John Emerson High, of West Chester, Pa., having requested to resign as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court. The rule to show cause, heretofore issued on March 6, 1995 [ante, p. 1002], is hereby discharged.
No. D-1539. IN RE DISBARMENT OF QUAID. It is ordered that James F. Quaid, Jr., of Metairie, La., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1540. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WHITEHAIR. It is ordered that George Joseph Whitehair, of Marlton, N. J., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule

ORDERS

514 U. S.

April 24, 1995

issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1541. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BELL. It is ordered that Alan R. Bell, of Fort Lee, N. J., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1542. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KITSOS. It is ordered that Nicholas T. Kitsos, of Oak Brook, Ill., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1543. IN RE DISBARMENT OF YOUNG. It is ordered that James K. Young, of Bloomingdale, Ill., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1544. IN RE DISBARMENT OF PRITZKER. It is ordered that Michael L. Pritzker, of Northbrook, Ill., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. 8, Orig. ARIZONA V. CALIFORNIA ET AL. Motion of West Bank Homeowners Association for leave to intervene denied. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., 513 U. S. 803.]

No. 94-1288. HIRAM WALKER & SONS, INC. v. ELLER & CO., INC., ante, p. 1018. Motion of respondent for an award of costs denied.

No. 94-8625. No. 94-8699. No. 94-8726. corpus denied.

IN RE BOWEN; IN RE VERDONE; and IN RE VISINTINE. Petitions for writs of habeas

No. 94-8239. IN RE BREWER; and No. 94-8242. IN RE CALIFORRNIAA. mandamus denied.

Petitions for writs of

No. 94-8617. IN RE WILSON. Petition for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition denied.

1082

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 24, 1995

514 U. S.

Certiorari Granted
No. 94-1471. VARITY CORP. v. HOWE ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 746 and 41 F. 3d 1263.

Certiorari Denied
No. 93-564. KIDDER, PEABODY & CO. v. AHORRO Y CREDITO AGUADA. C. A. 1st Cir. Reported below: 993 F. 2d 269.

COOPERATIVA DE
Certiorari denied.

No. 93-1723. JOHNSTON ET AL. V. CIGNA CORP. ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 486.

No. 93-9240. CRAWFORD V. ZANT, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-1143. CHANDLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 358.

No. 94-1246. HEDGES, THROUGH BECKETT, HIS PERSONAL
REPRESENTATIVE, ET AL. v. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION, AS RECEIVER OF GIBRALTAR SAVINGS, F. A., SUCCESSOR IN IN-
TEREST TO CATHEDRAL MORTGAGE CO., INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1360.

No. 94-1284. KURINSKY ET AL. V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 594.

No. 94-1291. RYAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 361.

No. 94-1304. WEST VIRGINIA STATE DEPARTMENT OF TAX AND REVENUE V. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE. C. A. 3d Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 982.

No. 94-1316. SOUTHVIEW FARM ET AL. V. CONCERNED AREA RESIDENTS FOR THE ENVIRONMENT ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 114.

No. 94-1332. THOMAS, CHIEF, UNITED STATES FOREST SERV-
ICE, ET AL. V. PACIFIC RIVERS COUNCIL ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1050.

No. 94-1342. CONTI ET UX. v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 658.

ORDERS

1083

514 U. S.

April 24, 1995

No. 94-1421. SUGGS v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 644 So. 2d 64.
No. 94-1445. NILSEN v. BORG, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1513.
No. 94-1447. SALKIND V. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF Los ANGELES (CHAPLIN ET AL., REAL PARTIES IN INTEREST). Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1449. CITY OF COLUMBUS ET AL. V. QUETGLES, DBA BABY DOLLS, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 708, 450 S. E. 2d 677.
No. 94-1451. PANTRON I CORP. ET AL. V. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1088.
No. 94-1455. CARTER v. DETELLA, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1385.
No. 94-1456. GRISET ET AL. V. FAIR POLITICAL PRACTICES COMMISSION. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 Cal. 4th 851, 884 P. 2d 116.
No. 94-1463. NIPPER ET AL. V. SMITH, SECRETARY OF STATE OF FLORIDA, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1494.
No. 94-1465. ROBERTS V. KINGS COUNTY HOSPITAL ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1236.
No. 94-1467. TAMPA CROWN DISTRIBUTORS, INC. v. DIVISION OF ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES AND TOBACCO, DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS REGULATION OF FLORIDA, ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 643 So. 2d 16.
No. 94-1470. EVANS, INC. v. SPIERER. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 66.
No. 94-1473. HOBBINS ET AL. V. KELLEY, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF MICHIGAN; and
No. 94-1490. KEVORKIAN V. MICHIGAN. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 447 Mich. 436, 527 N. W. 2d 714.
No. 94-1485. ALLEN V. MCENTEE ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1031.

1084

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 24, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-1500. FRITCH ET UX., ON BEHALF OF FRITCH V. CALALLEN INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 386.

No. 94-1520. tiorari denied. 703.

FISHER V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. CerReported below: 434 Pa. Super. 716, 643 A. 2d

No. 94-1550. MCBRIDE v. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 187 Wis. 2d 409, 523 N. W. 2d 106.

No. 94-1570. RELLA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 31 and 45 F. 3d 680.

No. 94-1571. HOWARD, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS PERSONAL REP-
RESENTATIVE OF THE ESTATE OF HOWARD V. CRYSTAL CRUISES,
INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 527.

No. 94-1587. MEDINA PUERTA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 34.

No. 94-1593. AUSTIN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 642.

No. 94-1594. SIDOR V. JANIGAN ET AL. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7083. HILLARD V. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7485. HOLMQUIST V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 154.

No. 94-7511. GRAY v. DISTRICT COURT OF COLORADO, 11TH JUDICIAL DISTRICT, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 884 P. 2d 286.

No. 94-7547. ADAMS v. GROOSE, SUPERINTENDENT, JEFFER-
SON CITY CORRECTIONAL CENTER, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7737. STORM v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1289.

No. 94-7765. MARTIN V.BRISTOL ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1389.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

April 24, 1995

No. 94-7836. HERNANDEZ v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7853. WELLS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 635.

No. 94-7887. IBARRA-MARTINEZ, AKA HURTADO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 324.

No. 94-7891. THOMAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 381.
No. 94-7913. MINETTI V. INTERNATIONAL LONGSHOREMEN'S & WAREHOUSEMEN'S UNION ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 633.

No. 94-7993. SMITH V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 539 Pa. 128, 650 A. 2d 863.
No. 94-8172. HOUSTON V. CITY OF CLEVELAND. Ct. App. Ohio, Cuyahoga County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8198. ARMSTRONG v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 So. 2d 730.

No. 94-8251. GARCIA v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 644 So. 2d 59.

No. 94-8255. LITZENBERG V. CARR, JUDGE, CIRCUIT COURT OF MARYLAND, HARFORD COUNTY, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1125.
No. 94-8260. JACKSON v. GARDNER, JUDGE, CIRCUIT COURT OF ILLINOIS, COOK COUNTY. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 139i.

No. 94-8271. WRIGHT v. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 248 Va. 485, 450 S. E. 2d 361.
No. 94-8275. EARLS V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8405. BISCHOF v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1321.
No. 94-8278. RAMDASS V. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 248 Va. 518, 450 S. E. 2d 360.

1086

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 24, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8289. HUGHES V. SOUTHWORTH ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8321. ABBOTT v. OREGON. Ct. App. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 129 Ore. App. 642, 881 P. 2d 183.
No. 94-8343. PALMER V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 162 Ill. 2d 465, 643 N. E. 2d 797.
No. 94-8364. COLEMAN V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1420.
No. 94-8385. RUDOLPH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1183.
No. 94-8404. UBOH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8409. CLEMONS V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8627. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1504.
No. 94-8420. HENSLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 635.
No. 94-8425. GLANT v. FLORIDA BAR. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 645 So. 2d 962.
No. 94-8430. MERINO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 749.
No. 94-8432. LEE V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8439. CHAPA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 569.
No. 94-8442. BONE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 669.
No. 94-8449. BAZEMORE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8450. CHAMBRON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1468.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

April 24, 1995

No. 94-8451. ACOSTA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1484.
No. 94-8455. ROQUE ROMERO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 662.
No. 94-8456. LARA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 437.
No. 94-8457. LONG v. OREGON. Sup. Ct. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 320 Ore. 361, 885 P. 2d 696.
No. 94-8458. HERNANDO NARVAEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 162.
No. 94-8459. MCCOLLUM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 679.
No. 94-8460. MASON V. UNITED STATES; No. 94-8468. EVANS v. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8484. HAZEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1504.
No. 94-8478. PALMER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1080.
No. 94-8489. LANGLEY V. BURTON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 94.
No. 94-8491. TEAS v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8498. LEBARON V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8500. LEBARON, AKA DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 935.
No. 94-8505. PANIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1120.
No. 94-8506. SAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 431.
No. 94-8508. AFEMATA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1146.
No. 94-8513. SAMOILIW V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 437.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 24, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8515. MANUEL ROMERO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1097.
No. 94-8518. WAITE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8519. THOMPSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1120.
No. 94-8522. HARRIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1171.
No. 94-8523. HARRIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1206.
No. 94-8524. GRANDE GRAJEDA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1480.
No. 94-8526. FALCON V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1134.
No. 94-8527. HERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 437.
No. 94-8528. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1069.
No. 94-8529. FIELD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 15.
No. 94-8535. PHILLIPS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 642.
No. 94-8537. HICKS v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT
OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8542. MCCRAE V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1389.
No. 94-8544. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1469.
No. 94-8545. BRYANT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 431.
No. 94-8547. MORALES-GARCIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1403.

ORDERS

1089

514 U. S.

April 24, 1995

No. 94-8548. CHRISTOPHER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-8561. CONTRERAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 66.
No. 94-8563. MASON V. OHIO. Ct. App. Ohio, Ashland County.
Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8564. KHAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1214.
No. 94-8565. ZAMUDIO MADRIGAL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1367.
No. 94-8574. ROSALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 438.
No. 94-8575. HANDS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1511.
No. 94-8578. GREEN V.UNITED STATES; No. 94-8620. SIMS V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8629. WHEELER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1167.
No. 94-8581. RUSSELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 428.
No. 94-8582. BULLARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 765.
No. 94-8584. BASKIN-BEY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 200.
No. 94-8585. COURTS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1119.
No. 94-8586. REED V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 175.
No. 94-8590. STAUFFER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 667.
No. 94-8591. ORTEGA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1459.

1090

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 24, 1995

614 U.S.

No. 94-8592. ORTLOFF V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 669.
No. 94-8593. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 669.
No. 94-8594. HOWELL ET VIR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1197.
No. 94-8598. CAMACHO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 349.
No. 94-8599. KEELEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8601. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1391.
No. 94-8602. FOSTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 428.
No. 94-8604. PARIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 961.
No. 94-8606. AKINYEMI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 609.
No. 94-8608. NODD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 680.
No. 94-8609. KOSINSKI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8611. ECHAVARRIA-OLARTE V. RENO, ATTORNEY GENERAL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 395.
No. 94-8613. ROBERTSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 891.
No. 94-8618. BULLA-HENAO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1229.
No. 94-8621. O'ROURKE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 82.
No. 94-8626. RUSSELL v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 438.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

April 24, 1995

No. 94-8632. MICHAEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 669.
No. 94-8633. NOTTINGHAM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1504.
No. 94-8636. MCDILE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8639. LOVETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 70.
No. 94-8640. BALLEW V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 936.
No. 94-8641. CARR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1031.
No. 94-8643. BEADLES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 642.
No. 94-8645. WALTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 679.
No. 94-8648. ROBINSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1504.
No. 94-8652. McREYNOLDS v. COMMISSIONER, OFFICE OF
MENTAL RETARDATION AND DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES.
App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 3d Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. No. 94-8653. LUNDY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 94.
No. 94-8660. HAMMONDS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 670.
No. 94-8668. CAMPBELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1199.
No. 94-8669. HOGG v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1008.
No. 94-8676. GONZALEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1299.
No. 94-8677. MOSELEY v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 338 N. C. 1, 449 S. E. 2d 412.

1092

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

April 24, 1995

514 U.S.

No. 94-8686. COLLIER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1218.

No. 94-8687. BROCK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1218.

No. 94-8688. CATALDO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1178.

No. 94-8689. GREEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1216.

No. 94-8694. MCCOY V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1508.

No. 94-8696. PORTER v. FLORIDA ET AL. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 653 So. 2d 374.

No. 94-8697. LOPEZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1007.

No. 94-8702. TSCHUOR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1170.
No. 94-8703. WITHERSPOON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-1287. PHILLIPS PETROLEUM CO. v. JOHNSON ET AL.;
No. 94-1292. BABBITT, SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR, ET AL. V. PHILLIPS PETROLEUM Co. ET AL.; and
No. 94-1479. ATLANTIC RICHFIELD Co. v. BABBITT, SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of these petitions. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 616.

Rehearing Denied

No. 94-7246. JONES V. BAKER, WARDEN, 513 U. S. 1164; No. 94-7582. IN RE ENGLEFIELD, ante, p. 1014;
No. 94-7725. LANE V. UNIVERSAL CITY STUDIOS, INC.,
p. 1007; and No. 94-7999. VARGAS v. THOMAS, WARDEN, ante, p.
Petitions for rehearing denied.

ante, 1040.

No. 94-7657. LINEHAN V. HARVARD UNIVERSITY, 513 U. S. 1199. Petition for rehearing denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no
part in the consideration or decision of this petition.

ORDERS

1093

514 U. S.

April 27, 28, May 1, 1995

CertiorariDismissed APRIL 27, 1995
No. 94-9047 (A-811). LACKEY v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, granted pending the District Court's consideration of petitioner's petition for writ of habeas corpus. Certiorari dismissed. Reported below: 52 F. 3d 98.

Miscellaneous Orders. (For the Court's orders prescribing amendments to the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure, see post, p. 1139; amendments to the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure, see post, p. 1147; amendments to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, see post, p. 1153; and amendments to the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, see post, p. 1161.)

CertiorariDenied
No. 94-9048 (A-812). CLISBY v. ALABAMA. C. A. 11th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS, JUSTICE GINSBURG, and JUSTICE BREYER would grant the application for stay of execution. Reported below: 52 F. 3d 905.

APRIL 28, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-8226. TAYLOR v. RILEY, SECRETARY OF EDUCATION. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1192.

MAY 1, 1995
CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 93-8487. EDWARDS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of United States v. Lopez, ante, p. 549. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 291.

1094

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 1, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-745. CHASSIN ET AL. v. NYSA-ILA MEDICAL AND CLINICAL SERVICES FUND ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of New York State Conference of Blue Cross & Blue Shield Plans v. Travelers Ins. Co., ante, p. 645. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 823.
No. 94-1305. VOLKSWAGEN OF AMERICA, INC., ET AL. V. HERNANDEZ-GOMEZ. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Freightliner Corp. v. Myrick, ante, p. 280. JUSTICE STEVENS would dismiss the petition for want of jurisdiction. Reported below: 180 Ariz. 297, 884 P. 2d 183.
No. 94-6333. CAMPBELL v. FLORIDA PAROLE COMMISSION. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 1st Dist. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of CaliforniaDept. of Correctionsv. Morales, ante, p. 499. Reported below: 630 So. 2d 1210.
No. 94-7797. COOPER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of California Dept. of Corrections v. Morales, ante, p. 499. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 1248.

Miscellaneous Orders
No. - - -. MADDEN V. UNITED STATES ET AL. Motion to direct the Clerk to file petition for writ of certiorari out of time denied.

No. - - -. BILZERIAN V. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. Motion for reconsideration of order denying leave to file petition for writ of certiorari out of time [ante, p. 1011] denied.

No.

BABY RICHARD, BY His GUARDIAN AD LITEM,

O'CONNELL V. KIRCHNER ET AL. Motion for leave to proceed in

forma pauperis without an affidavit of indigency executed by

petitioner granted.

No. A-762. GRACEY V. REIGLE. Bkrtcy. Ct. E. D. Pa. Application for stay, addressed to JUSTICE THOMAS and referred to
the Court, denied.

ORDERS

1095

514 U. S.

May 1, 1995

No. 65, Orig. TEXAS v. NEW MEXICO. Motion of the River Master for award of compensation and fees granted, and the River Master is awarded a total of $2,808 for the period January 1 through March 31, 1995, to be paid equally by the parties. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., 513 U. S. 997.]

No. 94-7427. LIBRETTI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir.
[Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1035.] Motion for appointment of counsel granted, and it is ordered that Sara Sun Beale, Esq., of Durham, N. C., be appointed to serve as counsel for petitioner in this case.

Certiorari Granted
No. 94-967. FIELD ET AL. V.MANS. C. A. 1st Cir. granted. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1089.

Certiorari

No. 94-1530. THINGS REMEMBERED, INC. V. PETRARCA. C. A.
6th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 65 F. 3d 169.

No. 94-1140. 44 LIQUORMART, INC., ET AL. V. RHODE ISLAND
ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari granted limited to the following question: "Whether Rhode Island may, consistent with the First Amendment, prohibit truthful, nonmisleading price advertising regarding alcoholic beverages?" Reported below: 39 F. 3d 5.

CertiorariDenied
No. 94-1295. BLANDFORD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 685.
No. 94-1308. CHILDERS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 973.
No. 94-1329. PLANTATION LANDING RESORT, INC. v. UNITED
STATES. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1197.
No. 94-1351. WERNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1095.
No. 94-1383. BLOOMINGDALE PUBLIC SCHOOLS ET AL. V. WASHEGESIC, AS NEXT FRIEND OF PENSINGER, ET AL. C. A.
6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 679.
No. 94-1392. HAUERT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 197.

1096

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 1, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-1481. T. S. BOOKS, INC. V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 261 Ill. App. 3d 1129, 682 N. E. 2d 1265.
No. 94-1483. CITY OF INDEPENDENCE ET AL. V. RINEHART. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 1263.
No. 94-1484. HARTNAGEL v. GENERAL MOTORS CORP. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 89.
No. 94-1486. WRIGHT V. HEIMER. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 651 So. 2d 1200.
No. 94-1488. SHERWIN V. DEPARTMENT OF THE Am FORCE. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1495.
No. 94-1492. CRIST v. LAC DU FLAMBEAU BAND OF LAKE SUPERIOR CHIPPEWA INDIANS ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1190.
No. 94-1494. ERPENBECK COMMERCIAL ENTERPRISES, INC. V. BOONE FISCAL COURT ET AL.; and
No. 94-1516. ENTERPRISE VI v. BOONE FISCAL COURT ET AL. Ct. App. Ky. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1496. AETNA CASUALTY & SURETY Co. v. ELLISON ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1501. WILLIAMSON COUNTY v. BONDHOLDER COMMIT-
TEE. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 256.
No. 94-1506. WAGSHAL V. BRAMON ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-1512. TRUPIANO V. CAPTAIN Gus & BROTHERS, INC. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1384.
No. 94-1514. MARTIN ET UX. v. BANK OF FLOYD ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 71.
No. 94-1538. MIRON CONSTRUCTION CO., INC. V. INTERNATIONAL UNION OF OPERATING ENGINEERS, LOCAL 139, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 558.
No. 94-1551. SNEAD ET AL. V. GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER CO. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 645.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

May 1, 1995

No. 94-1580. COSSETT ET AL. v. CLINTON ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 71 Ohio St. 3d 1411, 641 N. E. 2d 1110.
No. 94-1582. ALEXIOU V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 973.
No. 94-1609. GARZA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1539.
No. 94-1622. PETRUS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1004.
No. 94-6640. OSTEEN ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 135.
No. 94-7553. HAMMOND V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 559.
No. 94-7570. JOHNSON v. EL PASO COUNTY SHERIFF'S DE-
PARTMENT ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 936.
No. 94-7586. BARRAZA v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7715. STITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-7734. O'HARA V. SAN DIEGO COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 Cal. 4th 398, 878 P. 2d 1297.
No. 94-7778. DARBY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1059.
No. 94-7912. RECILE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 385.
No. 94-7930. CARDWELL V. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 248 Va. 501, 450 S. E. 2d 146.
No. 94-7968. SOTO v. KEANE, SUPERINTENDENT, SING SING CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 2d Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 205 App. Div. 2d 810, 614 N. Y. S. 2d 928.

1098

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 1, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8157. PARKER V. MISSOURI. Sup. Ct. Mo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 886 S. W. 2d 908.
No. 94-8269. KIM v. VILLALOBOS. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1400.
No. 94-8274. BURLEY v. GULBRANSON ET AL. Ct. App. Ariz. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8276. HINES v. BURT, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8277. ETHERIDGE v. DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY.
C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1115.
No. 94-8281. GLENDORA v. DOLAN ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1212.
No. 94-8288. WARREN v. HOLLERAUER ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1134.
No. 94-8290. GRUBE V. IDAHO. Sup. Ct. Idaho. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 126 Idaho 377, 883 P. 2d 1069.
No. 94-8293. REVELLO V. GRAYSON ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 440.
No. 94-8299. SOLIS v. CIRCLE K CORP. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 629.
No. 94-8300. CRAWFORD v. HATCHER, JUDGE, CIRCUIT COURT OF WEST VIRGINIA, FAYETTE COUNTY; and CRAWFORD V. CIRCUIT COURT OF WEST VIRGINIA, FAYETTE COUNTY. Sup. Ct. App. W, Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8304. LOCKETT v. DAY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 641.
No. 94-8311. PACE v. HURT. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 130.
No. 94-8312. SKEET V. NEW YORK CITY DEPARTMENT OF CONSUMER AFFAIRS. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8316. CROW v. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1099

514 U. S.

May 1, 1995

No. 94-8317. MILLER V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 Cal. App. 4th 522, 33 Cal. Rptr. 2d 663.
No. 94-8318. NORTHINGTON V. CIRCUIT COURT OF MICHIGAN, MONROE COUNTY, ET AL. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8325. WALKER V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 6th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8329. DANIELS V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 261 Ill. App. 3d 695, 634 N. E. 2d 4.
No. 94-8337. DUNN V. OHIO. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1388.

No. 94-8352. HUSTON v. GOMEZ, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1187.
No. 94-8353. GUILLORY V. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8354. ECKERT ET AL. V. ESTATE OF ECKERT. Ct. App. Kan. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8386. SCHORN v. LAROSE ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1221.
No. 94-8411. STAFFORD V. WARD, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1557.

No. 94-8452. KIDD v. HOOD, DEPUTY WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1246.
No. 94-8474. SANDFORD V. OHIO. Ct. App. Ohio, Cuyahoga County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8517. VAN HOOK v. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 70 Ohio St. 3d 1216, 639 N. E. 2d 1199.
No. 94-8539. LATSHAW V. FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION, F. 0. I. A. SECTION. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1240.

1100

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 1, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8549. FREEMAN V. PARKS ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1479.
No. 94-8571. BAILEY V. COYLE ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8577. HUBBARD v. LOWE. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1483.
No. 94-8600. FERGUSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 327.
No. 94-8605. MOREJON V. UNITED STATES; No. 94-8615. ROBAINA-GONZALEZ V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8616. ZALDIVAR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 677.
No. 94-8656. MASON ET AL. V. UNITED STATES; and MASON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1147.
No. 94-8658. HARRIS v. GETTY ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1176.

No. 94-8661. HooKS v. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8731. WATTERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 70.

No. 94-8662. HARRIS v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 338 N. C. 129, 449 S. E. 2d 371.

No. 94-8680. MCCARTHY v. HEDRICK, WARDEN. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8681. MCCARTHY v. RENO, ATTORNEY GENERAL, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1158.

No. 94-8682. WALKER V. UNITED STATES. Certiorari denied.

C. A. 3d Cir.

No. 94-8684. WALDRON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 428.

No. 94-8710. GIL V. UNITED STATES; and

ORDERS

514 U. S.

May 1,1995

No. 94-8754. GIL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1007.
No. 94-8711. HARRIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 431.
No. 94-8713. MCCAULEY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8715. MCCABE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 531.
No. 94-8718. RODRIGUEZ-QUINONES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 438.
No. 94-8721. PATTERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 246.
No. 94-8724. CHAPPLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1170.
No. 94-8727. CLEGHORN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1148.
No. 94-8728. AUSTIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 434.
No. 94-8732. WELLS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 1042.
No. 94-8735. JACOBS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1219.
No. 94-8736. JENSEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 946.

No. 94-8737. MUSE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1095.
No. 94-8741. BELLIZZI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1007.
No. 94-8745. UKPABIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1159.
No. 94-8746. RAHMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1213.

1102

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 1, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8750. BRENT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1150.
No. 94-8751. FLOREZ-BORRERO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1236.
No. 94-8752. DIXON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 69.
No. 94-8760. ARBEITER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 434.
No. 94-8768. PERKINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 428.
No. 94-8770. CARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 1041.
No. 94-8772. WILSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1464.
No. 94-8776. BOWMAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1127.
No. 93-1362. UNITED STATES V. ESTRADA. C. A. 5th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 23.
No. 94-1393. SELSKY V. YOUNG. C. A. 2d Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 47.
No. 94-1491. MICHIGAN v. BANKS. Ct. App. Mich. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1583. WASHINGTON, DIRECTOR, ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS v. BARGER ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ill. Motion of respondents for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 163 Ill. 2d 357, 645 N. E. 2d 175.
No. 94-642. MOORE ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE SCALIA would grant the petition, vacate the judgment, and remand the case for further consideration in light of United States v. Lopez, ante, p. 549. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1042.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

May 1, 1995

No. 94-1489. RICKETTS ET AL. V. CITY OF COLUMBIA. C. A.
8th Cir. Motion of American Civil Liberties Union et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 775.

No. 94-1495. WINBACK & CONSERVE PROGRAM, INC., ET AL. v. AMERICAN TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH CO. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1421.
No. 94-5755. RAMEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE SCALIA would grant the petition, vacate the judgment, and remand the case for further consideration in light of United States v. Lopez, ante, p. 549. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 602.

Rehearing Denied
No. 94-7238. IWUALA V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE, 513 U.S. 1164;
No. 94-7525. WILLIAMS V. MEESE, FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL, ET AL., 513 U. S. 1176;
No. 94-7598. IN RE ADAMS, 513 U. S. 1189; No. 94-7823. MCCANN V. WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORP., ante, p. 1007; No. 94-7825. MCDONALD V. POLK COUNTY, GEORGIA, ante, p. 1025; No. 94-8087. HALL V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1030; and No. 94-8154. IN RE TRICE, ante, p. 1014. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 94-7494. MUSGRAVE V. WELBORN, WARDEN, 513 U. S. 1193. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 94-7552. COOPER v. NATIONAL RX SERVICES, 513 U. S. 1198. Petition for rehearing denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 94-7751. RAITPORT v. AMERICAN TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH ET AL., ante, p. 1032. Petition for rehearing denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.

1104

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 2, 10, 11, 15, 1995

514 U. S.

CertiorariDenied

MAY 2, 1995

No. 94-9086 (A-829). ZETTLEMOYER, BY AND THROUGH DE-
VETSCO ET AL. V. HORN, COMMISSIONER, PENNSYLVANIA DEPART-
MENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis without an affidavit of indigency granted. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SOUTER, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 53 F. 3d 24.

No. 94-9098 (A-833). FOSTER V. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE THOMAS, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 54 F. 3d 463.

CertiorariDenied

MAY 10, 1995

No. 94-9207 (A-855). MCKENZIE v. DAY, DIRECTOR, MONTANA
DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A.
9th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE O'CONNOR, and by her referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS would grant the application for stay of execution. Reported below: 57 F. 3d 1461 and 1493.

CertiorariDenied

MAY 11, 1995

No. 94-9233 (A-866). WEEKS v. JONES, COMMISSIONER, ALABAMA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Appli-
cation for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 52 F. 3d 1559.

MAY 15, 1995
CertiorariGranted-Reversedand Remanded. (See No. 94-802, ante, p. 765.)
Miscellaneous Orders No. A-765. CAHILL V. UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF
LABOR ET AL. Application for injunction, addressed to JUSTICE STEVENS and referred to the Court, denied.

ORDERS

514 U.S.

May 15, 1995

No. A-771. BOLT V. SINGLETON ET AL. D. C. Alaska. Application for stay of proceedings, addressed to JUSTICE SCALIA and referred to the Court, denied.
No. A-871. DAVIS v. PAGE, WARDEN, ET AL. Application for certificate of probable cause and stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE STEVENS, and by him referred to the Court, denied.
No. A-873 (94-9265). DEVIER V. THOMAS, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, scheduled for 7 p.m., May 15, 1995, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the Court, granted pending receipt of a response on or before 5 p.m., Tuesday, May 16, 1995, and further order of the Court.
No. D-1502. IN RE DISBARMENT OF STEUTERMANN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1143.]
No. D-1508. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SAMARCO. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1144.]
No. D-1510. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WATSON. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513'U. S. 1188.]
No. D-1512. IN RE DISBARMENT OF PELS. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1188.]
No. D-1513. IN RE DISBARMENT OF POLANSKY. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1188.]
No. D-1515. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SIMONE. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1188.]
No. D-1520. IN RE DISBARMENT OF DiscIpio. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1002.]
No. D-1523. IN RE DISBARMENT OF RUBIN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1013.]
No. D-1539. IN RE DISBARMENT OF QUAID. James F. Quaid, Jr., of Metairie, La., having requested to resign as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court. The rule to show cause, heretofore issued on April 24, 1995 [ante, p. 1080], is hereby discharged.

1106

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 15, 1995

514 U. S.

No. D-1545. IN RE DISBARMENT OF POTTS. It is ordered that Dominic Joseph Potts, of Steubenville, Ohio, be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1546. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SMITH. It is ordered that Allen Nathaniel Smith, Jr., of Indianapolis, Ind., be suspended
from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1547. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SEALY. It is ordered that Patrick C. Sealy, of Brooklyn, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1548. IN RE DISBARMENT OF DICKINSON. It is ordered that Gregory David Dickinson, of Burbank, Cal., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 94-1244. BEHRENS V.PELLETIER. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1035.] Motion of the Solicitor General for an extension of time within which to file a brief for the United States as amicu8 curiae granted as follows: Petitioner's brief is due on or before July 24, 1995; Respondent's brief is due 30 days after receipt of petitioner's brief.

No. 94-8801. No. 94-8834. pus denied.

IN RE WHITFIELD; and IN RE WHITE. Petitions for writs of habeas cor-

No. 94-8211. IN RE HETHERINGTON; No. 94-8294. IN RE SNAVELY; No. 94-8324. IN RE VERDONE; No. 94-8464. IN RE LITZENBERG; No. 94-8555. IN RE MALLETT; and No. 94-8624. IN RE COOPER ET AL. mandamus denied.

Petitions for writs of

ORDERS

1107

514 U. S.

May 15, 1995

No. 94-8398. IN RE ROGERS. Petition for writ of prohibition denied.

Certiorari Denied
No. 94-1164. C. E. ET AL. V. ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF MENTAL HEALTH AND DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 161 Ill. 2d 200, 641 N. E. 2d 345.
No. 94-1191. WESTERN PALM BEACH COUNTY FARM BUREAU, INC., ET AL. V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1563.
No. 94-1254. RANDALL V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 518.
No. 94-1330. ERICKSON V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 161 Ill. 2d 82, 641 N. E. 2d 455.
No. 94-1354. COLE v. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1263.
No. 94-1357. PIERCE V. TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1146.
No. 94-1359. CLEMENTS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 569.
No. 94-1378. JOHNSON CONTROLS, INC., SYSTEMS & SERVICES
DIVISION, ET AL. V. UNITED ASSOCIATION OF JOURNEYMEN & APPRENTICES OF THE PLUMBING & PIPE FITTING INDUSTRY OF
THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA, AFL-CIO, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 821.
No. 94-1380. AJ & AJ SERVICING, INC., ET AL. V. TUDOR ASSOCIATES, LTD., II, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1094.
1 No. 94-1401. NAKAMURA ET AL. v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1096.
No. 94-1404. ATTAR ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 727.

1108

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 15, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-1416. SMITH V. STRATUS COMPUTER, INC. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 11.
No. 94-1446. MCMILLION DOZER SERVICE, INC. v. LOUISIANA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION AND DEVELOPMENT. Ct. App. La., 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 639 So. 2d 766.
No. 94-1460. CULP v. WISMER & BECKER ET AL. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1507. AEROLINEAS ARGENTINAS S. A. v. MARO LEATHER Co. App. Term, Sup. Ct. N. Y., 1st and 12th Jud. Dists. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 161 Misc. 2d 920, 617 N. Y. S. 2d 617.
No. 94-1508. LUTZ v. NAVISTAR INTERNATIONAL TRANSPORTATION CORP. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1472.
No. 94-1513. EZZONE ET AL. V. HANSEN ET AL. Sup. Ct. Iowa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 525 N. W. 2d 388.
No. 94-1515. ROCHMAN ET AL. V. PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF NEW HAMPSHIRE ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 763.
No. 94-1517. YARI v. PRITZKER. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 53.
No. 94-1521. SPENCER V. MRS. BAIRD'S BAKERIES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1492.
No. 94-1522. ALLRIDGE V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 213.
No. 94-1524. TURNER ET AL. v. GILES. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 812, 450 S. E. 2d 421.
No. 94-1529. HUDSON V. FIRST FIDELITY BANK, N. A., NEW
JERSEY, FKA FIRST NATIONAL STATE BANK. C. A. 3d Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1239.
No. 94-1534. KAYLOR ET AL. V. DALL. Sup. Ct. Vt. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 163 Vt. 274, 658 A. 2d 78.

ORDERS

1109

514 U. S.

May 15, 1995

No. 94-1535. COUNCIL, TRUSTEE FOR JBS CONTRACTING, INC. v. ANJO CONSTRUCTION CO. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 434 Pa. Super. 726, 643 A. 2d 711.
No. 94-1536. CLARKE ET AL. V. CITY OF CINCINNATI ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 807.
No. 94-1539. MORRIS V. CITY OF HOBART. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1105.
No. 94-1542. MEARS TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC., ET AL.
v. DICKINSON, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF
HIGHWAY SAFETY AND MOTOR VEHICLES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1013.
No. 94-1543. WARREN v. KENTUCKY. Ct. App. Ky. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1545. NORTH GEORGIA ELECTRIC MEMBERSHIP CORP. V. CITY OF CALHOUN. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 769, 450 S. E. 2d 410.
No. 94-1546. SASSOWER v. MANGANO ET AL. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 83 N. Y. 2d 904, 637 N. E. 2d 276.

No. 94-1548. LIBERTY SEAFOOD, INC. V. HERNDON MARINE PRODUCTS, INC. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 755.

No. 94-1549. GLEASON V. WELBORN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1107.
No. 94-1552. SPIEGEL ET AL. V. GOODMAN ET AL. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 2d Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 204 App. Div. 2d 430, 614 N. Y. S. 2d 179.
No. 94-1553. SCARNATI V. OHIO DEPARTMENT OF MENTAL HEALTH. Ct. App. Ohio, Franklin County. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-1555. LENOX HILL HOSPITAL v. MANOCHERIAN ET AL.; and
No. 94-1560. NEW YORK V. MANOCHERIAN ET AL. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 84 N. Y. 2d 385, 643 N. E. 2d 479.

1110

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 15, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-1556. BUHR ET AL. v. FLATHEAD COUNTY ET AL. Sup.
Ct. Mont. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 268 Mont. 223, 886 P. 2d 381.
No. 94-1559. HAMROL V. CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCIsco. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1561. BETHLEHEM MINERALS CO. ET AL. V. CHURCH &
MULLINS CORP. ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ky. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 887 S. W. 2d 321.

No. 94-1563. CADILLAC PRODUCTS, INC. v. TRIENDA CORP. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 967.

No. 94-1565. SMITH V. PIFER. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1566. FORBES v. ARKANSAS EDUCATIONAL TELEVISION COMMISSION NETWORK FOUNDATION ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1423.

No. 94-1568. BENJAMIN V. COMMITTEE ON PROFESSIONAL STANDARDS, NEW YORK SUPREME COURT, APPELLATE DIVISION, THIRD JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 84 N. Y. 2d 863, 642 N. E. 2d 327.
No. 94-1572. ST. LOUIS SOUTHWESTERN RAILWAY Co. v. MALONE FREIGHT LINES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 864.

No. 94-1573. COMER, PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ESTATE OF COMER v. KAISER FOUNDATION HEALTH PLAN, INC., ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 435.

No. 94-1574. KALIARDOS v. GENERAL MOTORS CORP. ET AL.
C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1521.

No. 94-1575. Southern Dist. 2d 749.

RISBECK ET UX. V. BOND ET AL. Ct. App. Mo., Certiorari denied. Reported below: 885 S. W.

No. 94-1576. GOERING ET AL. v. NEBRASKA. Ct. App. Neb. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

May 15, 1995

No. 94-1577. FBT BANCSHARES, INC. v. MUTUAL FIRE, MARINE & INLAND INSURANCE CO., INC. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 539 Pa. 684, 652 A. 2d 1328.
No. 94-1578. MANIACE ET AL. V. COMMERCE BANK OF KANSAS CITY, N. A. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 264.
No. 94-1584. NANNY CAY ENTERPRISES, LTD., ET AL. v. BARCLAYS BANK PLC. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1117.
No. 94-1588. BUCKEYE UNION LIFE INSURANCE Co. v. LEBER ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 70 Ohio St. 3d 548, 639 N. E. 2d 1159.
No. 94-1603. SMITH V. BOARD OF REGENTS, UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON SYSTEM, ET AL. Ct. App. Tex., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 874 S. W. 2d 706.
No. 94-1618. BOYD v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 876.
No. 94-1635. NOVA BIOMEDICAL CORP. ET AL. v. RICE. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 909.
No. 94-1637. ALLARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1170.
No. 94-1639. BREWER v. CLARKE COUNTY SCHOOL DISTRICT ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1008.

No. 94-1643. ALEXANDER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1131.
No. 94-1645. GENSTAR STONE PRODUCTS CO. ET AL. V. MARYLAND ET AL. Ct. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 337 Md. 658, 655 A. 2d 886.
No. 94-1646. O'CONNOR v. REHABILITATION SUPPORT SERVICES, INC., ET AL. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 3d Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 207 App. Div. 2d 939, 617 N. Y. S. 2d 540.

1112

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 15, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-1648. CHAPPELL v. BARRERAS, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 439.

No. 94-1659. BYRD V. SMITH, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1122.

No. 94-1673. ADULT VIDEO ASSN. ET AL. v. RENO, ATTORNEY GENERAL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 503.

No. 94-1678. MILLS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1052.

No. 94-1679. LESLIE v. LESLIE. Ct. App. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 886 P. 2d 284.

No. 94-1690. DAUW v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1133.

No. 94-1697. GILBREATH v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 650 So. 2d 10.

No. 94-7191. SMITH v. GILBERT ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 319.

No. 94-7408. SMITH v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7464. HUGHES v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 897 S. W. 2d 285.

No. 94-7471. LAYTON v. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1187.

No. 94-7720. HARRIS v. UNITED STATES; No. 94-7747. ELZY V.UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7748. DAVENPORT V. UNITED STATES.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 89.

C. A. 5th Cir.

No. 94-7800. DOUGLAS v. ALASKA DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE. Sup. Ct. Alaska. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 880 P. 2d 113.

No. 94-7816. MCCALLA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 675.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

May 15, 1995

No. 94-7831. PATTERSON ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 139.

No. 94-7900. HOWELL V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 882 P. 2d 1086.

No. 94-7908. WILLIAMS ET UX. V. ARNOLD & ARNOLD LAW FIRM ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 42 F. 3d 1395.

No. 94-7974. No. 94-8004. tiorari denied.

NGO V. UNITED STATES; and KWOK v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1347.

Cer-

No. 94-8025. PARDUE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 429.

No. 94-8032. KVIATKOVSKY v. TEMPLE UNIVERSITY ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1170.

No. 94-8062. NNANYERERUGO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1205.

No. 94-8084. ASHBURN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 803.

No. 94-8110. JARVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1504.

No. 94-8116. HABURN V. SHARP, MAGISTRATE JUDGE. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1209.

No. 94-8136. VALDEZ-SOTO ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1467.

No. 94-8153. BLOOMFIELD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 910.

No. 94-8155. THOMPSON V. MISSOURI BOARD OF PROBATION AND PAROLE ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 186.

No. 94-8163. SMITH ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1259.

No. 94-8169. OVERSTREET V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1090.

1114

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 15, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8176. FORD V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 539 Pa. 85, 650 A. 2d 433.
No. 94-8184. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8203. REEVES v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 337 N. C. 700, 448 S. E. 2d 802.
No. 94-8248. HIL v. HIL. Sup. Ct. Vt. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 163 Vt. 648, 654 A. 2d 715.
No. 94-8313. PRICE v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1170.
No. 94-8358. KING v. CITY OF DOTHAN POLICE DEPARTMENT ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 669.
No. 94-8359. MORRIS V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8372. CAMPBELL v. BURTON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 71.
No. 94-8373. WHEELER v. GOMEZ, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1404.
No. 94-8374. FENELON V. UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 669.
No. 94-8375. FRUSHER v. BASKIN-ROBBINS ICE CREAM CO. ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1456.
No. 94-8382. CONLEY v. ARMONTROUT, ASSISTANT DIRECTOR/ ZONE II, MISSOURI DIVISION OF ADULT INSTITUTIONS. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1184.
No. 94-8384. BOST v. LEWIS, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1504.
No. 94-8387. PRICE V. WASHINGTON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

May 15, 1995

No. 94-8391. MAES v. THOMAS, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 979.
No. 94-8392. WALLACE V. INDIANA. Sup. Ct. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 640 N. E. 2d 374.
No. 94-8395. PEEPLES V. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1136.
No. 94-8397. SCOTT V. KERNAN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1506.
No. 94-8399. SMITH v. EDGAR, GOVERNOR OF ILLINOIS. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8401. BURTON V. ALABAMA. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 651 So. 2d 659.
No. 94-8402. ROLAND V. STALDER ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 423.
No. 94-8406. YOUNG v. LOMBARDI ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8407. BLACK v. CLEVELAND POLICE DEPARTMENT ET AL. Ct. App. Ohio, Cuyahoga County. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 96 Ohio App. 3d 84, 644 N. E. 2d 682.
No. 94-8414. GEIGER V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8423. FLOWERS V. TRAUGHBER ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1506.
No. 94-8424. HINES V. GOMEZ, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1505.
No. 94-8426. JAMES v. CARMICHAEL, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 426.
No. 94-8427. MAXBERRY v. DANIEL P. KING ASSOCIATES ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.

1116

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 15, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8429. McLEMORE v. LOUISIANA. Ct. App. La., 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 640 So. 2d 847.

No. 94-8434. LUNA V. OHIO (two cases). Ct. App. Ohio, Huron County. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8435. MONTGOMERY v. TAYLOR, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1467.

No. 94-8436. JUDD v. PECK. Sup. Ct. N. M. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8437. MACK V. DIME SAVINGS BANK. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8440. BOAL v. DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1243.

No. 94-8441. AMIRI V. RADIO WTOP. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8444. DEYOUNG v. GALATI, JUDGE, SUPERIOR COURT
OF ARIZONA, MARICOPA COUNTY, ET AL. Ct. App. Ariz. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8445. DEYOUNG v. O'NEIL, JUDGE, SUPERIOR COURT OF ARIZONA, PINAL COUNTY, ET AL. Ct. App. Ariz. Certiorari
denied.

No. 94-8447. NESBITT V. HYMAN ET AL. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8448. AYSISAYH V. ODEN, SUPERINTENDENT, OKALOOSA CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION, ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 650 So. 2d 993.

No. 94-8453. OLINDE v. STATE FARM FIRE & CASUALTY INSURANCE CO. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 42 F. 3d 641.

No. 94-8466. MCNEIL V. VAUGHN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1461.

No. 94-8470. FLYE V. ROCKETTS ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1117

514 U. S.

May 15, 1995

No. 94-8471. ELLIOTT v. LYNN, SECRETARY, LOUISIANA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 188.
No. 94-8472. FREEMAN V. FLORIDA ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1060.
No. 94-8486. MANN V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 968.
No. 94-8488. MONTGOMERY V. THURMAN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8490. LAKE v. NEW YORK. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 4th Jud: Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 210 App. Div. 2d 1012, 621 N. Y. S. 2d 996.
No. 94-8492. SWORD V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 Cal. App. 4th 614, 34 Cal. Rptr. 2d 810.
No. 94-8493. DAVIS v. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 433 Pa. Super. 607, 636 A. 2d 1209.
No. 94-8494. CROW v. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8495. JOINER V. WISDOM ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1499.
No. 94-8496. MINES v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 888 S. W. 2d 816.
No. 94-8499. JARAMILLO v. NEW MEXICO. Ct. App. N. M. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8502. BARWICK V. CITY OF AURORA, COLORADO, ANIMAL CARE DIVISION. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1191.
No. 94-8509. BROWN v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 644 So. 2d 52.
No. 94-8514. ROBINSON V. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.

1118

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 15, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8530. EASTLACK v. ARIZONA. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 180 Ariz. 243, 883 P. 2d 999.
No. 94-8531. GRANT v. CALDERON, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8532. SIMMS V. SMITH ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1468.
No. 94-8533. ODOM V. CARR, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8534. PETRICK V. FIELDS ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1406.
No. 94-8538. KUKEs v. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8540. JENKINS v. KANSAS. Ct. App. Kan. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 Kan. App. 2d xxxvii, 876 P. 2d 625.
No. 94-8541. JACKSON v. BORG, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1142.
No. 94-8543. BROWN V. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8546. JENSEN V. WROLSTAD ET AL. Sup. Ct. N. D. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 526 N. W, 2d 113.
No. 94-8550. FISHER V. CALIFORNIA ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8551. DEAN v. BAKER, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1215.
No. 94-8552. HAMONS V. MCKUNE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1105.
No. 94-8553. GUINN v. HOECKER. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1483.
No. 94-8554. GRIFFIN v. L. K. COMSTOCK & Co., INC., ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1502.
No. 94-8556. GRAYER V.HARGETT, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1119

514 U. S.

May 15, 1995

No. 94-8557. SMITH V. MISSOURI. Sup. Ct. Mo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 887 S. W. 2d 601.

No. 94-8558. BELL V. WASHINGTON, WARDEN. Certiorari denied.

Sup. Ct. Ill.

No. 94-8559. ROJAS v. IOWA. Sup. Ct. Iowa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 524 N. W. 2d 659.

No. 94-8560. CSOKA v. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8567. DEL VALLE VILLEGAS V. COUGHLIN, COMMISSIONER, NEW YORK DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONAL SERVICES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8569. GRIFFIN v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI
CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 895.

No. 94-8570. CHAMBERS v. BORG, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8572. REUSCHER V. MISSOURI. Sup. Ct. Mo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 887 S. W. 2d 588.

No. 94-8576. GAMBLE v. TERRY. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8589. PITTMAN v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 646 So. 2d 167.

No. 94-8596. GREEN V. DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1116.

No. 94-8614. PRATER v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8622. BROWN V. WARREN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1175.

No. 94-8623. CURRY v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1237.

No. 94-8644. WYATT v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 1336.

1120

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 15, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8650. NORMA M. v. SAN DIEGO COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8673. CROSS v. DODD ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8691. PAJARO-RACERO V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8753. PEREZ-RAMOS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1007.
No. 94-8695. TRINIDAD LOZA V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 71 Ohio St. 3d 61, 641 N. E. 2d 1082.
No. 94-8707. WEEKS v. KAY & ASSOCIATES, INC. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8708. HISER v. CITY OF BOWLING GREEN ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 382.

No. 94-8716. MCQUEEN v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8717. GREENSPAN V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 232.
No. 94-8719. ROCHA V. PRICE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1152.
No. 94-8739. PARRIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 383.
No. 94-8743. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 428.
No. 94-8756. LUJAN GARCIA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 727.
No. 94-8762. LuIs COLON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 2.
No. 94-8763. ROBERTS V. MOTION PICTURE PENSION PLAN
ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1144.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

May 15, 1995

No. 94-8764. MOORE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 370.
No. 94-8767. DATCHER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8784. CARTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1218.
No. 94-8785. CERVANTES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 437.
No. 94-8787. COBIA V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1473.
No. 94-8788. GOUDY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 432.
No. 94-8796. GROTH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 200.
No. 94-8798. FELIX-MONTAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Ist Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 775.
No. 94-8805. COLLINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 95.
No. 94-8809. FOSTER ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1127.
No. 94-8812. CRITTON V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8855. LIVINGSTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1089.
No. 94-8814. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 70.
No. 94-8816. MOORE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1171.
No. 94-8819. JACKSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1435.
No. 94-8826. GALO YANEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1457.
No. 94-8827. THURLOW, AKA MCQUADE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 46.

1122

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 15, 1995

514 U.S.

No. 94-8832. BROWN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 440.
No. 94-8836. WALKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1172.
No. 94-8837. CHARCZENKO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1170.

No. 94-8838. LOAIZA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1147.

No. 94-8840. TUFARO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 3.
No. 94-8849. LANDE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 329.
No. 94-8862. WILSON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 438.
No. 94-8864. WILSON, AKA GASTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1129.
No. 94-8867. GREEN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1162.

No. 94-8868. FAIRCHILD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1152.
No. 94-8877. CUERVO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 69.
No. 94-8882. AJAEGBU V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 66.
No. 94-8885. WYATT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1129.
No. 94-8886. PENA-CARRILLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 879.
No. 94-8894. TREMELLING V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 148.
No. 94-8956. HARDIN v. BOWLEN, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

May 15, 1995

No. 94-1293. Mississippi v. DUPLANTIS. Sup. Ct. Miss. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 644 So. 2d 1235.
No. 94-1597. TRANSCRAFT CORP. ET AL. v. LIBERTY MUTUAL INSURANCE CO., INC., ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Motion of petitioners for leave to file affidavit of Stewart C. Myers denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 812.
No. 94-8637. JOSE v. UNITED ENGINEERS & CONSTRUCTORS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 640.
No. 94-8638. JOSE v. HARMON, JUDGE, UNITED STATES DIS-
TRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, ET AL.
C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari before judgment denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 94-9230 (A-856). WARD V. CAIN, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. La. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 654 So. 2d 1087.
No. 94-9266 (A-874). WARD V.CAIN, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS would grant the application for stay of execution. Reported below: 53 F. 3d 106.
Rehearing Denied
No. 94-1146. WALSH v. SOUTHWEST FLAGLER ASSOCIATES, LTD., ante, p. 1016;
No. 94-1283. QUALLS V. REGIONAL TRANSPORTATION DISTRICT ET AL.; and QUALLS ET AL. V. REGIONAL TRANSPORTATION DISTRICT ET AL., ante, p. 1010;
No. 94-1325. JACKSON ET AL. V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1005; No. 94-6940. FOSTER V. MISSISSIPPI, ante, p. 1019; No. 94-6974. DEL VECCHIO V. ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ante, p. 1037; No. 94-7164. CERNY V. WOOD, SUPERINTENDENT, WASHINGTON STATE PENITENTIARY, ante, p. 1037;

1124

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 15, 17, 22, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-7455. FUDGE V. CALIFORNIA, ante, p. 1021; No. 94-7651. SHEA V. PIERCETON TRUCKING CO., INC., ante, p. 1007; No. 94-7672. PRICE V. NORTH CAROLINA, ante, p. 1021; No. 94-7704. WEINSTEIN v. LASOVER ET AL., ante, p. 1022; No. 94-7730. HARPER v. HATCHER TRAILER PARK, ante, p. 1022; No. 94-7808. WILKINS V. CALIFORNIA, ante, p. 1024; No. 94-7815. MomTY v. FARM CREDIT BANK OF TEXAS, ante, p. 1025; No. 94-7877. SHARROCK v. ROMER, GOVERNOR OF COLORADO, ET AL., ante, p. 1026; No. 94-7880. IN RE VOHRA, ante, p. 1026; No. 94-7931. SANDERS v. REVELL, COMMISSIONER, FLORIDA PAROLE COMMISSION, ET AL., ante, p. 1039; No. 94-7937. ENGLEFIELD v. GEORGE, ante, p. 1039; No. 94-7951. ZAVALA V. INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION OF ILLINOIS ET AL., ante, p. 1039; and No. 94-8019. CALIFORRNIAA V. CALIFORNIA, ante, p. 1053. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 94-1302. CRAWFORD v. LAMANTIA ET AL., ante, p. 1032. Petition for rehearing denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.

CertiorariDenied

MAY 17, 1995

No. 94-9265 (A-873). DEVIER V. THOMAS, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE KENNEDY, and by him referred to the
Court, denied. Certiorari denied. The order heretofore entered by the Court [ante, p. 1105] is vacated.

No. 94-9277. DEVIER V. THOMAS, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.

MAY 22, 1995

CertiorariGranted.-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 94-1059. CALAMIA V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consid-

ORDERS

514 U.S.

May 22, 1995

eration in light of California Dept. of Corrections v. Morales, ante, p. 499. Reported below: 645 So. 2d 450.

Miscellaneous Orders
No. D-1518. IN RE DISBARMENT OF GOUIRAN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 513 U. S. 1189.]
No. D-1521. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WILSON. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1012.]
No. D-1522. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MITCHELL. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1012.]
No. D-1524. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CARSON. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1013.]
No. D-1525. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HANDY. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1013.]
No. 120, Orig. NEW JERSEY v. NEW YORK. Report of the Special Master received and ordered filed. Motion of the City of New York to intervene as a party defendant denied. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., ante, p. 1013.]

No. 94-12. SEMINOLE TRIBE OF FLORIDA V. FLORIDA ET AL.
C. A. 11th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 513 U. S. 1125.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.

No. 94-1340. CITIZENS BANK OF MARYLAND V. STRUMPF. C. A. 4th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1035.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-7492. ROBINSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1062.] Motion for appointment of counsel granted, and it is ordered that David B. Smith, Esq., of Alexandria, Va., be appointed to serve as counsel for petitioner in this case.

No. 94-8610. EISENSTEIN v. EISENSTEIN. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma
pauperisdenied. Petitioner is allowed until June 12, 1995, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 22, 1995

514 U. S.

submit a petition in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.

No. 94-8628. No. 94-8657. No. 94-8875. mus denied.

IN RE BEARDEN; IN RE GLASS; and IN RE RAITPORT. Petitions for writs of manda-

CertiorariGranted
No. 94-1453. PEACOCK v. THOMAS. C. A. 4th Cir. granted. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 493.

Certiorari

No. 94-1511. LEwIS, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF
CORRECTIONS, ET AL. V. CASEY ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1261.
No. 94-1387. YAMAHA MOTOR CORP., U. S. A., ET AL. V. CAL-
HOUN ET AL., INDIVIDUALLY AND AS ADMINISTRATORS OF THE ESTATE OF CALHOUN, DECEASED. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari
granted limited to Question 1 presented by the petition. In addition to Question 1 presented by the petition, the parties are requested to brief and argue the following question: "Under 28 U. S. C. § 1292(b), can the courts of appeals exercise jurisdiction over any question that is included within the order that contains the controlling question of law identified by the district court?" Reported below: 40 F. 3d 622.

CertiorariDenied
No. 94-1431. B&W INVESTMENT PROPERTIES ET AL. V.
UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 362.
No. 94-1554. ABBOTT LABORATORIES ET AL. V. SEINFELD ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 761.
No. 94-1562. UNITED PAPERWORKERS INTERNATIONAL UNION, AFL-CIO, ET AL. V. BRIGGS & STRATTON CORP. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 712.
No. 94-1586. WOODSON v. MCGEORGE CAMPING CENTER ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1387.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

May 22, 1995

No. 94-1589. MALPASS V. CITY OF BOULDER, COLORADO. Dist. Ct. App. Colo., Boulder County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1590. CRAWLEY V. OHIO. Ct. App. Ohio, Warren County. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 96 Ohio App. 3d 149, 644 N. E. 2d 724.
No. 94-1591. ALEXANDER v. TEXAS. Ct. App. Tex., 14th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 879 S. W, 2d 338.
No. 94-1595. CHAMPION ET AL. v. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-1596. MIDWEST DEVELOPMENT, INC., ET AL. v. FLAMINGO REALTY, INC., ET AL. Sup. Ct. Nev. Certiorari denied.
Reported below: 110 Nev. 984, 879 P. 2d 69.
No. 94-1598. DEPLUZER V. VILLAGE OF WINNETKA. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 265 Ill. App. 3d 1061, 638 N. E. 2d 1157.
No. 94-1599. SNEAD V.UNUM LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 556.
No. 94-1600. DAVIS v. TEXACO REFINING & MARKETING, INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari'denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 437.
No. 94-1601. VILLAGE OF SEBRING V. WAYNE ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 517.
No. 94-1602. BEATTIE v. BOEING CO. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 559.
No. 94-1604. FUN 'N SUN RV, INC., ET AL. V. MICHIGAN ET AL. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 447 Mich. 765, 527 N. W. 2d 468.
No. 94-1606. CROSS V.JABE, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1471.
No. 94-1607. NEAL V. BROWN ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1462.
No. 94-1608. NTN COMMUNICATIONS, INC. V. INTERACTIVE NETWORK, INC. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1520.

1128

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 22, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-1610. BEADLE v. HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 589.
No. 94-1615. CALIFORNIA POZZOLAN, INC., ET AL. V. ZODIAC INVESTMENT, INC., ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 438.
No. 94-1617. DISTEFANO, TRUSTEE, FIRST AVENUE REALTY TRUST v. DONOVAN ET AL. App. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 Mass. App. 935, 641 N. E. 2d 134.
No. 94-1619. DOUGLAS v. FIRST SECURITY FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK ET AL. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 101 Md. App. 170, 643 A. 2d 920.
No. 94-1620. KIRWAN ET AL. V. PODBERESKY; and No. 94-1621. GREENE ET AL. V. PODBERESKY. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 147.
No. 94-1623. MCFARLAND ET AL. v. LEYH, TRUSTEE OF THE LIQUIDATING TRUST OF TEXAS GENERAL PETROLEUM CORP. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 763.
No. 94-1624. HAGER v. LARGENT ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1004.
No. 94-1633. BAKER V. BAKER. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y, 4th Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 206 App. Div. 2d 931, 615 N. Y. S. 2d 549.
No. 94-1634. LEWIS, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS V. WEBB. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1387.
No. 94-1667. CADLE Co. v. ESTATE OF WEAVER. Ct. App. Tex., 5th Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1674. FLORENCE NIGHTINGALE NURSING SERVICE, INC. V. BLUE CROSS & BLUE SHIELD OF ALABAMA. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1476.
No. 94-1700. BROWN v. HOUSTON INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 66.

ORDERS

1129

514 U. S.

May 22, 1995

No. 94-1701. WARD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-1714. HABIE V. KRISCHER, STATE ATTORNEY, FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 4th Dist.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 So. 2d 138.

No. 94-1716. BOSTIC v. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8911. CHAVEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 664.

No. 94-1718. SNEED v. BROOKS, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS ADMINISTRATRIX OF THE ESTATE OF BROOKS, DECEASED. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1471.
No. 94-1724. HAAS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 642.
No. 94-1741. CROCKER V. UNITED STATES AVIATION UNDERWRITERS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 84.

No. 94-1744. LIVINGSTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1089.

No. 94-1758. NIECE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1389.
No. 94-7614. KIRK v. DUTTON, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1216.
No. 94-8014. RUSSELL V.WASHINGTON. Sup. Ct. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 125 Wash. 2d 24, 882 P. 2d 747.
No. 94-8143. MIHALY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8158. MOBLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 688.
No. 94-8196. WERTH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1500.
No. 94-8263. HITTSON v. GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 682, 449 S. E. 2d 586.

1130

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 22, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8562. BRACY V. ARIZONA. Super. Ct. Ariz., Maricopa County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8579. SLOAN v. AMHERST COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES ET AL. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8583. BRANSFORD ET AL. V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 Cal. 4th 885, 884 P. 2d 70.
No. 94-8588. THOMPSON v. ALEXANDER ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 631.
No. 94-8595. HENDERSON V. MURRAY, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1504.
No. 94-8597. BUTLER V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8612. HENSON V. MYERS, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8619. SHARP V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 Cal. App. 4th 1772, 36 Cal. Rptr. 2d 117.
No. 94-8630. LUCIEN V. PAGE, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1133.
No. 94-8634. LITMON V. YLST, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 436.
No. 94-8646. WATSON v. BALSAMO ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 663.
No. 94-8647. WORTHON V. CASPARI, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSOURI EASTERN CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8649. JOHNSON V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 3d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 263 Ill. App. 3d 1126, 683 N. E. 2d 550.
No. 94-8651. WILBUR M. v. MENTAL HYGIENE LEGAL SERVICE. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 1st Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 202 App. Div. 2d 1, 615 N. Y. S. 2d 367.

ORDERS

514 U.:S.

May 22, 1995

No. 94-8654. MCNATT v. COLEMAN ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1125.
No. 94-8655. MASON v. CALIFORNIA. App. Dept., Super. Ct. Cal., County of Los Angeles. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8663. HARJO v. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 882 P. 2d 1067.
No. 94-8665. ASHWORTH V. MYERS, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 435.
No. 94-8666. BROWN V. MURRAY, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1465.
No. 94-8670. DUNBAR V. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8671. HALL V. MISSOURI DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS AND HUMAN RESOURCES ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8683. WHITE v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 972 F. 2d 1218.
No. 94-8701. PETRICK V. MINNESOTA. Sup. Ct. Minn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 527 N. W. 2d 87.
No. 94-8704. TALLEY V. WALKER, SUPERINTENDENT, AUBURN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY, ET AL. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 4th Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 203 App. Div. 2d 924, 611 N. Y. S. 2d 408.
No. 94-8783. CARR V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8913. GARDNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 49 F. 3d 362.
No. 94-8817. KINCHEN V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 65.
No. 94-8850. JOBE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1119.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 22, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8851. MAYS v. DRAGOVICH, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-8857. CARR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1170.
No. 94-8859. POINDEXTER V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8861. TAYLOR V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 406.
No. 94-8866. GARRETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 69.
No. 94-8871. GONZALEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 69.
No. 94-8878. SMITH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 69.
No. 94-8881. LENTZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1514.
No. 94-8887. SANDERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 480.
No. 94-8892. ALEXIUS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 65.
No. 94-8895. VROOMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1172.
No. 94-8896. GONZALEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 60.
No. 94-8897. DODD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1246.
No. 94-8898. GARY V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-8899. HAWKINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 66.
No. 94-8900. WASHINGTON V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1271.
No. 94-8903. VASQUEZ MORENO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 424.

ORDERS

1133

514 U. S.

May 22; 1995

No. 94-8907. MONDIE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1473.

No. 94-8912. FUENTES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 644.

No. 94-8918. tiorari denied. 1238.

SWANK V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. CerReported below: 436 Pa. Super. 669, 648 A. 2d

No. 94-8919. GARCIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 196.

No. 94-8921. ATKINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 532.

No. 94-8924. SEATON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 108.

No. 94-8925. RENDON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1158.

No. 94-8926. MOSLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 69.

No. 94-8930. HANLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1496.

No. 94-8931. GROCE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1134.

No. 94-8932. FORD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 1004.

No. 94-8933. MAXIE V. HAMILTON. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1141.

No. 94-8937. DIAZ-ARENAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 784.

No. 94-8940. ESPOSITO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1157.

No. 94-8942. GIL v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1134.

No. 94-8943. MCGRATH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1176.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 22, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8944. WARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1129.

No. 94-8949. MASON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 70.
No. 94-8950. JARAMILLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 920.
No. 94-8952. WARD v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 338 N. C. 64, 449 S. E. 2d 709.

No. 94-8955. LEMON V. MARTIN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1142.

No. 94-8961. RIGSBY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 120.
No. 94-8965. RAMOS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1160.
No. 94-8969. HERRING V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-8974. GARRETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 1135.
No. 94-8976. THOMAS, AKA ALONZO V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 438 Pa. Super. 698, 652 A. 2d 411.

No. 94-8977. WEINSTEIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 31 and 45 F. 3d 680.
No. 94-8979. BORCH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1167.
No. 94-8980. AcOSTA-LOPEZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1145.
No. 94-8984. MATURANA v. ARIZONA. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 180 Ariz. 126, 882 P. 2d 933.
No. 94-8985. RIVERA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

514 U. S.

May 22, 1995

No. 94-8990. NAYLOR, AKA WRIGHT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 50 F. 3d 1038.
No. 94-8996. MCCUNE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1162.
No. 94-8997. LOEB V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 719.
No. 94-9000. CHAPEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1338.
No. 94-9001. PERRY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-9005. DEVON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 1162.
No. 94-9006. DURAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1146.
No. 94-9007. GALLIGAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1147.
No. 94-9008. HOPKINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1116.
No. 94-9012. COATS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 47 F. 3d 425.
No. 94-9015. MALCOLM v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1585. KANOIVICKI ET AL. V. GREEN ET AL. Ct. App.
Tenn. Motion of respondents for award of damages and double costs denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 891 S. W. 2d 220.

Rehearing Denied
No. 93-1677. OKLAHOMA TAx COMMISSION V. JEFFERSON LINES, INC., ante, p. 175;
No. 94-1352. HENNESSEY ET AL. v. BLALACK ET AL., ante,
p. 1050; No. 94-1365. DE LUCA v. UNITED NATIONS ORGANIZATION
ET AL., ante, p. 1051; No. 94-1366. MURRAY v. MCINTYRE ET AL., ante, p. 1051;

1136

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

May 22, 23, 25, 1995

514 U. S.

No. 94-8038. PETERSON V. HADDAD, ante, p. 1054; and No. 94-8272. GARDNER V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1044. Petitions for rehearing denied.

MAY 23, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46 No. 94-8635. LANDAU V. LOVE, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE
CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT HUNTINGDON, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.

CertiorariDenied

MAY 25, 1995

No. 94-9415 (A-902). TURNER V. JABE, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to THE CHIEF JUSTICE, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS would grant the application for stay of execution. Reported below: 58 F. 3d 924.

ORDERS FOR OCTOBER 3,1994, THROUGH FEBRUARY 27, 1995
OCTOBER 3, 1994
CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 93-1510. ALABAMA v. BROWN. Ct. Crim. App. Ala. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Davis v. United States, 512 U. S. 452 (1994). Reported below: 630 So. 2d 481.
No. 93-1707. SCHMIDT ET AL. v. Espy, SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of the position presently asserted by the Solicitor General in his brief for the United States filed August 1, 1994. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1352.
No. 93-1748. SOLOMON ET AL. V. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPO-
RATION, AS RECEIVER FOR NASSAU SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN., F. A.; and
No. 93-1757. PATTULLO ET AL. v. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION, AS RECEIVER FOR NASSAU SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN., F. A. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and cases remanded for further consideration in light of O'Melveny & Myers v. FDIC, 512 U. S. 79 (1994). Reported below: 18 F. 3d 111.
No. 93-1896. WOODS v. CANDELA. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Heck v. Humphrey, 512 U. S. 477 (1994). Reported below: 13 F. 3d 574.
No. 93-1915. ALTIMUS ET AL. V. OREGON. Ct. App. Ore. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Dolan v. City of Tigard, 512 U. S. 374 (1994). Reported below: 124 Ore. App. 61, 862 P. 2d 109.
No. 93-1985. ARIZONA V. COOK. Ct. App. Ariz. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of United States v. Dixon, 509 U. S. 688 (1993). Reported below: 177 Ariz. 595, 870 P. 2d 413.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-45. LAWSON ET AL. V. MURRAY ET AL. Sup. Ct. N. J. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Madsen v. Women's Health Center, Inc., 512 U. S. 753 (1994). Reported below: 136 N. J. 32, 642 A. 2d 338.

Miscellaneous Orders

No.

McGEE ET AL. v. Los ANGELES COUNTY ET AL.;

No.

MESTER V. SAIKI ET AL.;

No. ---.

NAUSS v. UNITED STATES;

No. ---.

LEGEAR v. Nix;

No. ---.

GODBOLDO V. BURT, WARDEN;

No.

LAUGHTER v. BELK-SIMPSON;

No. ----.

BURNS V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-

MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION;

No. - -

GHAFARI V. GACEK ET AL.;

No. - -

GILL v. WILLIAMS;

No. ---.

RANSOME V. BOWLING ET AL.;

No.

. HERNANDEZ V. RILEY, SUPERINTENDENT OF

FISHKILL CORRECTIONAL FACILITY;

No. ---.

BOATRIGHT V. REICH, SECRETARY OF LABOR,

ET AL.;

No. - -

VDA DE MENDOZA ET AL. V. UNITED STATES; and

No. - -

SRINIVASAN v. EL MONTE HIGH SCHOOL DIS-

TRICT. Motions to direct the Clerk to file petitions for writs of

certiorari out of time denied.

No. ---.

FULLER V. NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORP. Motion

of petitioner for reconsideration of order denying leave to file

petition for writ of certiorari out of time [511 U. S. 1015] denied.

No. - - -. JEMZURA v. BULSIEWICZ ET AL. Motion to direct the Clerk to file petition for writ of certiorari out of time and for other relief denied.

No. - - -. CAZES v. TENNESSEE. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis without an affidavit of indigency executed
by petitioner granted.

No. - - -. RODRIGUEZ v. NEW MEXICO. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis without an affidavit of indigency executed by petitioner denied.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

October 3, 1994

No. - - -. DOE V.UNITED STATES. Motion of petitioner for leave to file a redacted petition. for writ of certiorari denied.

No. D-926. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MCBRIDE. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 497 U. S. 1055.]
No. D-1362. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SNEED. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 510 U. S. 1105.]

No. D-1391. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CASTRO. Further consideration of response to the rule to show cause deferred. [For earlier order herein, see 511 U. S. 1104.]
No. D-1408. IN RE DISBARMENT OF LESLIE. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1202.]
No. D-14i3. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KILPATRICK. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1232.]
No. D-1460. IN RE DISBARMENT OF FRIEDMAN. It is ordered that Theodore H. Friedman, of New York, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. 8, Orig. ARIZONA V. CALIFORNIA ET AL. Motion of West Bank Homeowners Association for leave to intervene referred to the Special Master. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., 510
U. S. 987.]

No. 65, Orig. TEXAS v. NEW MEXICO. Motion of the River Master for award of compensation and fees granted, and the River Master is awarded a total of $5,403.75 for the period April 1 through June 30, 1994, to be paid equally by the parties. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., 512 U. S. 1202.]

No. 105, Orig. KANSAS V. COLORADO. Motion of the Special Master for interim fees and expenses granted, and the Special
Master is awarded $92,240.78 to be paid as follows: 40% by Kansas, 40% by Colorado, and 20% by the United States. Report of the Special Master received and ordered filed. Exceptions to the Report, with supporting briefs, may be filed by the parties within 45 days. Reply briefs, if any, may be filed by the parties within 30 days. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., 510 U. S. 1174.]

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 111, Orig. TEXAS ET AL. v. NEW YORK. Motion of Massachusetts to dismiss its amended complaint without prejudice denied. Amended complaint of Massachusetts dismissed. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., 512 U. S. 1202.]
No. 121, Orig. LOUISIANA V. MISSISSIPPI ET AL. Motion of the Houston defendants for leave to file a supplemental answer granted. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., 510 U. S. 1174.]
No. 92-519. JOHNSON, SPEAKER OF THE FLORIDA HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES, ET AL. v. DE GRANDY ET AL., 512 U. S. 997. Motion of appellants Bolley Johnson et al. to retax costs granted.
No. 92-1450. WATERS ET AL. V. CHURCHILL ET AL., 511 U. S. 661. Motion of respondents to retax costs denied.
No. 93-723. UNITED STATES V. X-CITEMENT VIDEO, INC., ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 510 U. S. 1163.] Motion of National Law Center for Children and Families et al. for leave to participate in oral argument as amici curiae and for additional time for oral argument denied.
No. 93-1633. SWAN ET AL. V. PETERSON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of Charles R. Nesson for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted.
No. 93-1857. CARPENTERS DISTRICT COUNCIL OF NEW OR-
LEANS AND VICINITY ET AL. V. DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir.;
No. 93-2068. KIMBERLIN V. QUINLAN ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir.; No. 94-12. SEMINOLE TRIBE OF FLORIDA v. FLORIDA ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir.; No. 94-35. ALABAMA ET AL. V. POARCH BAND OF CREEK INDIANS ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir.; No. 94-189. POARCH BAND OF CREEK INDIANS v. ALABAMA ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir.; and No. 94-219. FLORIDA ET AL. V. SEMINOLE TRIBE OF FLORIDA. C. A. 11th Cir. The Solicitor General is invited to file briefs in these cases expressing the views of the United States.
No. 93-1882. SWANSON ET AL. V. NORTH CAROLINA ET AL. Sup. Ct. N. C. Motion of National Association of Retired Federal Employees et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted.
No. 93-1911. SANDIN, UNIT TEAM MANAGER, HALAWA CORRECTIONAL FACILITY v. CONNER ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

of respondent DeMont R. D. Conner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
No. 93-8730. GILES v. ALABAMA, 512 U. S. 1213. Respondent is requested to file a response to the petition for rehearing within 30 days.
No. 93-9122. RODENBAUGH V. OTT (two cases). C. A. 3d Cir.; and
No. 94-5059. JONES V. SCHULZE, DIRECTOR, MISSOURI DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES, DIVISION OF FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Motions of petitioners for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. See this Court's Rule 39.8. Petitioners are allowed until October 24, 1994, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit petitions in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules ,of this Court.

No. 93-9758. FERRAN ET AL. V. TOWN OF NASSAU, NEW YORK,
ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir.; No. 94-5291. BAASCH V. REYER ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir.; and No. 94-5769. BAILEY v. BAILEY. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Motions
of petitioners for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. Petitioners are allowed until October 24, 1994, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit petitions in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.

No. 94-3. REYNOLDSVILLE CASKET Co. ET AL. V. HYDE. Sup.
Ct. Ohio. Motion of Dalkon Shield Claimants Trust for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted.

No. 94-197. ANDERSON, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT
OF SOCIAL SERVICES, ET AL. v. GREEN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Motions of United States Justice Foundation and Washington Legal Foundation for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted.

No. 98-9489. No. 93-9670. No. 93-9738. No. 94-5261. No. 94-5336. No. 94-5545. No. 94-5581. No. 94-5608. No. 94-5685.

IN RE ZOLICOFFER; IN RE VARGAS; IN RE SEAGRAVE;
IN RE HUTCHINGS VON LUDWITZ; IN RE CRUMB;
IN RE MARTINEZ; IN RE HARRELL; IN RE GOSSAGE ET AL.; IN RE JONES; and

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5885. IN RE TUCKER. Petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 93-9051. IN RE REEDER; No. 93-9070. IN RE SHOWS; No. 93-9077. IN RE GREEN; No. 93-9202. IN RE GoscH; No. 93-9216. IN RE DREW; No. 93-9481. IN RE REDDECK; No. 93-9482. IN RE WHITE; No. 93-9568. IN RE GUNDERSON; No. 93-9585. IN RE WHITE; No. 93-9784. IN RE CRAWFORD; No. 94-299. IN RE MORRISON; No. 94-5178. IN RE BERRY; No. 94-5194. IN RE DE CASTRO; No. 94-5255. IN RE LITTRELL; No. 94-5256. IN RE MONTGOMERY; No. 94-5318. IN RE ZZIE; No. 94-5381. IN RE COOPER; and No. 94-5382. IN RE COOPER. Petitions for writs of mandamus denied.

No. 93-1969. IN RE CITY OF HENDERSON ET AL. Motion of petitioner for show cause order denied. Petition for writ of mandamus denied.

No. 94-146. IN RE JOHNSON; and No. 94-5097. IN RE KAMAL. Petitions for writs of mandamus and/or prohibition denied.

No. 93-9352. No. 93-9614.
tion denied.

IN RE SHAWLEY; and IN RE WRIGHT. Petitions for writs of prohibi-

CertiorariDenied
No. 93-248. JOHNSON V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 991 F. 2d 126.
No. 93-1441. WALSH V. DELAWARE ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 50.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-1479. CRUTTENDEN & CO. ET AL. v. LYNCH ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 Cal. App. 4th 802, 22 Cal. Rptr. 2d 636.
No. 93-1483. HARRISON ET AL. v.'FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION; and
No. 93-1485. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION V. COCKE ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 7 F. 3d 396.
No. 93-1484. PETERS V. POLK COUNTY MEMORIAL HOSPITAL.
C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 7 F. 3d 229.
No. 93-1547. IN RE SMITH. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 723.
No. 93-1550. CORWIN, REGISTRAR OF VOTERS FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO, ET AL. V. MARK ET AL.; and
No. 93-1846. MARK ET AL. V. CORWIN, REGISTRAR OF VOTERS
FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO, ET AL. C. A.
9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 2 F. 3d 989.
No. 93-1603. CITY OF CLEARWATER, FLORIDA, ET AL.' V. CHURCH OF SCIENTOLOGY FLAG SERVICE ORGANIZATION, INC.; and
No. 93-1604. ,CITY OF CLEARWATER, FLORIDA, ET AL. V. CHURCH OF SCIENTOLOGY FLAG SERVICE ORGANIZATION, INC. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: No. 93-1603, 2 F. 3d 1509; No. 93-1604, 2 F. 3d 1514.
No. 93-1630. RESTIVO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 274.
No. 93-1632. ENG V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 165.
No. 93-1644. BURCHARD ET UX. v. DALTON, SECRETARY OF THE NAVY. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1105.
No. 93-1651. PATRICK v. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 66.
No. 93-1662. MOBILE FREEZERS, INC. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 57.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 93-1670. ANDERSON v. ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS CORP. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 1311.
No. 93-1672. PAHDOPONY v. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 417.
No. 93-1678. WARDA V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 533.
No. 93-1679. BRITENBACH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 830 and 1092.
No. 93-1684. HIRANO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 597.
No. 93-1686. NELLIS ET AL. v. AIR LINE PILOTS ASSOCIATION INTERNATIONAL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 50.
No. 93-1690. SCOTT V. ALASKA. Ct. App. Alaska. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1696. SMITH v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1089.
No. 93-1700. SNOW ET AL. v. HARNISCHFEGER CORP. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1154.
No. 93-1703. MAINLANDS SECTION 1 AND 2 Civic ASSN., INC.
V. MASSARO ET UX., INDIVIDUALLY AND AS PARENTS AND NEXT
FRIENDS OF MASSARO, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 3 F. 3d 1472.
No. 93-1711. ROUSH v. KFC NATIONAL MANAGEMENT CO. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 392.
No. 93-1729. NYHUIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 731.
No. 93-1734. STEPHENS V. MILLER, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 998.
No. 93-1735. SMITH ET UX. V. JEFFERSON PILOT LIFE INSURANCE Co. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 562.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-1736. PUGH V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 157 Ill. 2d 1, 623 N. E. 2d 255.
No. 93-1743. HOSKINS V. UNITED STATES. Ct. Mil. App. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 M. J. 361.
No. 93-1765. COLE v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 39.
No. 93-1767. ATONIO ET AL. V. WARDS COVE PACKING CO., INC., ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 1485.

No. 93-1768. II. R. v. E. 0. ET AL. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 630 A. 2d 670.
No. 93-1776. HALL ET AL. v. GREEN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 695.
No. 93-1779. CALVO v. FLORIDA BAR. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 630 So. 2d 548.

No. 93-1784. PATTERSON ET AL. V. NEWSPAPER & MAIL DELIVERERS UNION ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 33.
No. 93-1787. FIDELITY & DEPOSIT COMPANY OF MARYLAND V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 1150.

No. 93-1790. BELSITO V. NEW YORK. App. Term, Sup. Ct. N. Y., 9th and 10th Jud. Dists. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1793. COMMERCIAL LIFE INSURANCE Co. v. TOLLEY ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 602.
No. 93-1794. UNION TANK CAR CO. v. VARIOUS PLAINTIFFS IN CLASS. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 68 Ohio St. 3d 255, 626 N. E. 2d 85.

No. 93-1795. STEINFELD v. HODDICK, GUARDIAN OF THE ESTATE OF STEINFELD. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 158 Ill. 2d 1, 630 N. E. 2d 801.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-1796. HOLMBERG ET AL. V. CITY OF RAMSEY. C: A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 140.
No. 93-1802. GUPTON V. VIRGINIA ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 203.
No. 93-1803. MOORE ET AL. v. KENNISON. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1806. MEN-GUER CHRYSLER PLYMOUTH, INC. V. CHRYSLER CORP. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1220.
No. 93-1809. DANCE ET AL. v. AVIEL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1111.
No. 93-1811. MARENO v. COUNTY OF WESTCHESTER. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 390.
No. 93-1817. MocK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1324.
No. 93-1820. SEJPAL ET AL. v. CORSON, MITCHELL, TOMHAVE & MCKINLEY, M. D. S., INC., ET AL. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 428 Pa. Super. 648, 627 A. 2d 210.
No. 93-1821. MYERS, WARDEN, ET AL. V. JIMINEZ. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F.'3d 1474.
No. 93-1825. BLACK HILLS INSTITUTE OF GEOLOGICAL RESEARCH ET AL. v. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 737.
No. 93-1827. LOKAY V. AMERICAN REAL ESTATE CORP. Ct. App. Tex., 9th Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1829. KIRSH V. SCOTT, WARDEN.: C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1425.
No. 93-1830. SPENCER V. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 368.
. No. 93-1831. ADAMS V. MICHIGAN. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 444 Mich. 903, 512 N. W. 2d 316.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-1832. LANGLEY V. JACKSON STATE UNIVERSITY ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1070.
No. 93-1835. 1605 BOOK CENTER, INC. v. TAx APPEALS TRIBUNAL OF NEW YORK ET AL. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorarl denied. Reported below: 83 N. Y. 2d 240, 681 N. E. 2d 86.
No. 93-1836. PEELER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 181.
No. 93-1839. ATLANTIC STATES LEGAL FOUNDATION, INC. V. EASTMAN KODAK CO. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 353.
No. 93-1840. HUDSON V.VARNEY ET AL. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 82 N. Y. 2d 888, 632 N. E. 2d 463.
No. 93-1842. SMITH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1215.
No. 93-1843. LANDERS SEED CO., INC., ET AL. v. CHAMPAIGN NATIONAL BANK ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 729.
No. 93-1845. PETERS v. DELAWARE RIVER PORT AUTHORITY OF PENNSYLVANIA AND NEW JERSEY. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1346.
No. 93-1847. CHING LUEN ENTERPRISES CO. v. MASON ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 5 F. 3d 535.
No. 93-1848. DANESHVAR V. UNIVERSITY OF WEST VIRGINIA BOARD OF TRUSTEES. Cir. Ct. Kanawha County, W. Va. Cer-
tiorari denied.
No. 93-1849. HUNKINS, INDIVIDUALLY AND DBA MUSE TEN CENTER, ET AL. V. CITY OF MINNEAPOLIS ET AL. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 508 N. W. 2d 542.
No. 93-1850. CHoPP COMPUTER CORP., INC. v. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 5 F. 3d 1344.
No. 93-1851. DURR ET AL. V. INTERCOUNTY TITLE COMPANY OF ILLINOIS. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1183.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-1852. OWENS ET AL. v. HEWELL ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 410.

No. 93-1854. KABEALO v. HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK.
C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 822.

No. 93-1855. KORMAN, JUDGE, UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK V. UNITED
STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied, Reported below; 10 F. 3d 931.

No. 93-1860. AUSTEX, LTD. v. TEXAS ET AL.; MUNDAY ENTER-
PRISES v. TEXAS ET AL.; EDWARDS, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS INDE-
PENDENT EXECUTRIX OF THE ESTATE OF EDWARDS, ET AL. V.
TEXAS ET AL.; ALLEN ET AL. v. TEXAS ET AL.; and CENTENNIAL MORTGAGE CORP. v. TEXAS ET AL. Sup. Ct. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 867 S. W, 2d 769 (first case); 868 S. W. 2d 319 (second case); 868 S. W. 2d 321 (third case); 870 S. W. 2d 1 (fourth case); 867 S. W. 2d 783 (fifth case).

No. 93-1863. MARKOFF V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 641.

No. 93-1865. JENKINS V. INDIANA. Sup. Ct. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 627 N. E. 2d 789.

No. 93-1866. REDNER v. HENDERSON, SHERIFF OF HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY, FLORIDA, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-1867. MARTIN COUNTY, FLORIDA V. WOUTERS ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 924.

No. 93-1869. JENNINGS WATER, INC. V. CSL UTILITIES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 130.
No. 93-1872. CAMACHO V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION
SERVICE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1083.

No. 93-1873. LONG v. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 206.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-1874. Russo ET AL. V. CASEY ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1089.
No. 93-1876. LUONG V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 645.
No. 93-1877. STOCK V.UNIVERSAL FOODS CORP. ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 411.
No. 93-1879. ERNDT ET AL. V. PRE-VEST, INC., ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1880. CITY OF CASTLE ROCK ET AL. V. HUSON. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1551.
No. 93-1881. RUARK ET AL. v. BOATWRIGHT ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 213.
No. 93-1884. JENKIN V. ELECTRO-TEC CORP. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 410.
No. 93-1885. SESSIONS TANK LINERS, INC. V. JOOR MANUFACTURING, INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 295.
No. 93-1886. T. I. CONSTRUCTION Co., INC. v. KIEWIT EASTERN Co. ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 123.
No. 93-1887. MASINI SOLER V. SOLICITOR GENERAL OF PUERTO RICO ET AL. Sup. Ct. P. R. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1889. AMERICAN EXPRESS BANK LTD. v. SHEERBONNET LTD. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 46.
No. 93-1890. CEMEX, S. A. v. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 398.
No. 93-1892. FIORE, DBA MUNICIPAL & INDUSTRIAL DISPOSAL Co. v. BROWNER, ADMINISTRATOR, ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 404.
No. 93-1893. STROUD V. SHAW, ADMINISTRATRIX OF THE ESTATE OF BOWEN, DECEASED, ET AL.; and

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-9. SHAW, ADMINISTRATRIX OF THE ESTATE OF BOWEN, DECEASED, ET AL. V. STROUD ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 791.
No. 93-1894. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1103.
No. 93-1897. BERGER V.CITY OF CLEVELAND. Ct. App. Ohio, Cuyahoga County. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 91 Ohio App. 3d 102, 631 N. E. 2d 1085.
No. 93-1899. PEREZ ET AL. v. NEW JERSEY DIVISION OF YOUTH AND FAMILY SERVICES. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1900. HARPER v. HARMAN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 7 F. 3d 1455.
No. 93-1902. PUERTO RICO PORT AUTHORITY V. BROTHERHOOD OF OFFICE & COMMERCIAL WORKERS ET AL. Super. Ct. P. R. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1903. ROSS ET AL. V. BUCKEYE CELLULOSE CORP. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 980 F. 2d 648.
No. 93-1908. SENANAYAKE V.IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1171.
No. 93-1909. RODRIGUEZ ET AL. V. SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY OF PUERTO RICO ET AL. Sup. Ct. P. R. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1910. BREEDLOVE V. PHILLIPS ET AL. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1913. SANTOSUOSSO V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1435.
No. 93-1914. WILLIAMS ET AL. V. BURNHAM BROADCASTING Co., DBA VvrUE-TV 8. Ct. App. La., 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 629 So. 2d 1335.
No. 93-1916. ROSA ET AL. V. WARNER ELECTRICAL CONTRACTING ET AL. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 870 P. 2d 1210.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3,1994

No. 93-1917. 7SHONG-CHING TONG wv. ASSURED THRIFT & LOAN ASSN. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-1918. LANKFORD V. DOE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 443.

No. 93-1921. ALEOTTI V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-1922. MARYLAND V. SIMMONS. Ct., App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 333 Md. 547, 636 A. 2d 463.

No. 93-1923. AYUDA, INC., ET AL. v. RENO, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES, ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 7,F. 3d 246.

No. 93-1924. .'MITCHELL V. ALLSTATE LIFE INSURANCE Co.,

NORTHBROOK, ILLINOIS, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari de-

nied. 'Reported below: 18 F. 3d 937

,

No. 93-1925. MUSEMECHE V. CHARTER NATIONAL BANKWESTHEIMER. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15*F. 3d 1079.
No. 93-1926. NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA V. HANDGUN CONTROL FEDERATION OF OHIO ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 559.

No. 93-1927. OMNITECH INTERNATIONAL, INC. V. CLOROX CO. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 1316.
No. 93-1928. MORETTI V. ZISA ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 643.

No. 93-1929. VENEZIA v. ROBINSON. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari-denied. Reported below: 16F. 3d 209.
No. 93-1930. BOUTTE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 855.
No. 93-1931. FOWLER V. VANMETER ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 59.
No. 93-1932. ETIM ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 73. -

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-1933. MARTINEZ-MONCIVAIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1030.
No. 93-1934. SNEED v. DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE FOR THE FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 1st Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 191 App. Div. 2d 118, 600 N. Y. S. 2d 453.
No. 93-1936. CEMENT KILN RECYCLING COALITION ET AL. v. BROWNER, ADMINISTRATOR, ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY, ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1246.
No. 93-1938. HAMMOND V. WITHROW, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1219.
No. 93-1939. LIONS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1093.
No. 93-1941. NISQUALLY INDIAN TRIBE V. CULLEN & CULLEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 28.
No. 93-1942. FEMLING ET AL. v. FARNWORTH. Sup. Ct. Idaho. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 125 Idaho 283, 869 P. 2d 1378.
No. 93-1943. SHEPPARD v. BEERMAN, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 147.
No. 93-1944. ASSAR V. CRESCENT COUNTIES FOUNDATION FOR MEDICAL CARE ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 215.
No. 93-1945. EAST DAYTON TOOL & DIE Co. ET AL. V. PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1122.
No. 93-1946. GOODEN V. NEAL ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 925.
No. 93-1947. BARNETTE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 1553.
No. 93-1948. CROMLEY V. BOARD OF EDUCATION OF LOCKPORT TOWNSHIP HIGH SCHOOL DISTRICT 205 ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1059.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-1949. MED-THERAPY REHABILITATION SERVICES, INC., ET AL. v. DIVERSICARE CORPORATION OF AMERICA. C. A. 4th Cii. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 410.
No. 93-1950. DONOVAN ET VIR, PARENTS OF DONOVAN v. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1442.
No. 93-1951. DYKSTRA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 397.
No. 93-1952. ALLEN V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 Cal. App. 4th 846, 25 Cal. Rptr. 2d 26.
No. 93-1953. ANNAPOLIS ROAD, LTD. v. ANNE ARUNDEL COUNTY, MARYLAND. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 98 Md. App. 733.
No. 93-1954. LINGENFELTER V. DOMANICO ET AL. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 536 Pa. 549, 640 A. 2d 415.
No. 93-1956. DR. K ET AL. V. STATE BOARD OF PHYSICIAN QUALITY ASSURANCE. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 98 Md. App. 103, 632 A. 2d 453.
No. 93-1957. DILLON V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1227.
No. 93-1959. KROUSE v. NATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 627 A. 2d 489.
No. 93-1961. JONES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 426.
No. 93-1962. WEBER v. SAN RAMON VALLEY UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari
denied.
No. 93-1963. HOROWITZ V. STATE BAR OF TEXAS. Sup. Ct. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1964. AMERICAN BONDING Co. v. TRUSTEES OF THE
CARPENTERS FOR SOUTHERN NEVADA HEALTH AND WELFARE

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

TRUST ET AL. Sup. Ct. Nev. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 110 Nev. 1530, 893 P. 2d 392.
No. 93-1965. EDENFIELD ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 995 F. 2d 197.
No. 93-1966. GUNAWANSA V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 422.
No. 93-1967. JACKSON V. MANHATTAN AND BRONX SURFACE TRANSIT OPERATING AUTHORITY ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1426.
No. 93-1968. ROTUOTSOA V. CITY OF MUKILTEO. Sup. Ct. Wash. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1970. MARTIN V. BUSEY, ADMINISTRATOR, FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 416.
No. 93-1972. LOPEZ v. BEHLES, TRUSTEE; and LOPEZ V. BEHLES, TRUSTEE, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1497 (first case); 25 F. 3d 1055 (second case).
No. 93-1973. ECKARD V. ECKARD. Ct. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 333 Md. 531, 636 A. 2d 455.
No. 93-1974. TRACY, TAX COMMISSIONER OF OHIO v. MCI TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. Sup. Ct. Ohio.' Certiorari denied. Reported below: 68 Ohio St. 3d 195, 625 N. E. 2d 597.
No. 93-1976. HANEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1367.
No. 93-1977. WILLIAMS ET VIR V. RICHMOND COUNTY, GEORGIA, ET AL. C. A. l1th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19'F. 3d 36.
No. 93-1978. LIBERTY LAKE INVESTMENTS, INC. V. MAGNU-
SON ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 155.
No. 93-1979. BRADER v. LANDIS MANUFACTURING SYSTEMS, INC. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22
F. 3d 300.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-1980. STANTON ET AL. v. BAYLINER MARINE CORP. Sup. Ct. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 123 Wash. 2d 64, 866 P. 2d 15.
No. 93-1981. RESULTS, INC. v. LAVALCO, INC. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 14.
No. 93-1982. AVILES V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 419 Pa. Super. 345, 615 A. 2d 398.
No. 93-1983. PARRISH v. RIVERVIEW NURSING HOME, INC., ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 19.
No. 93-1986. MURPHY EXPLORATION & PRODUCTION CO. v. DAVIS. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1237.
No. 93-1988. RABIN V.UNITED STATES INTELLIGENCE ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1989. BENIGNI V. MAAS ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1102.
No. 93-1990. TRANSPAC DRILLING VENTURE, 1983-63 BY CRESTWOOD HOSPITALS, INC., ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 383.
No. 93-1991. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES. Ct. Mil. App.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 M.J. 431.
No. 93-1992. MARTIN-MUSUMECI v. LAW OFFICES OF HERBERT HAFIF PENSION AND PROFIT SHARING PLAN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 28.
No. 93-1994. HAY'S WESTERN WEAR, INC. v. LOUISIANA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION AND DEVELOPMENT. Ct. App. La., 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 624 So. 2d 975.
No. 93-1996. DURHAM V. XEROX CORP. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 836.
No. 93-1997. GOLDEN VALLEY LUTHERAN COLLEGE ET AL. V. CITY OF GOLDEN VALLEY. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-1998. STAPLETON ET AL. V. COWLEY ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 180.
No. 93-1999. PACIFIC GAS & ELECTRIC Co. v. SAVAGE. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 Cal. App. 4th 434, 26 Cal. Rptr. 2d 305.
No. 93-2000. PATZ ET AL. V. HOLLIDAYSBURG TRUST Co. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1430.
No. 93-2001. GRANOFF v. UNITED STATES; and No. 93-9135. WARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 409.
No. 93-2002. BANKS, T/A JOB PROTECTORS FORMER ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGES v. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DEPARTMENT
OF CONSUMER AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 634 A. 2d 433.
No. 93-2003. LEGARDA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 496.
No. 93-2004. FRIEDMAN V. DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY
COMMITTEE FOR THE FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 1st Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 196 App. Div. 2d 280, 609 N. Y. S. 2d 578.
No. 93-2005. PLAKAS, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ESTATE OF PLAKAS, DECEASED v. DRINSKI ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1143.
No. 93-2007. HENDERSON, SUPERINTENDENT, AUBURN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY V. MAYO. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 528.
No. 93-2008. SHAY ET AL. V. MAHLER ET AL. Cir. Ct. Berkeley County, W. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-2009. LEADERSHIP SOFTWARE, INC. V. KEPNERTREGOE, INC. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 527.
No. 93-2010. MELKONIAN V.MELKONIAN. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 3d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 626 So. 2d 285.
No. 93-2011. MATTHEWS V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 121.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-2012. CARR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 738.
No. 93-2015. DEMPSEY ET AL. v. ATCHISON, TOPEKA & SANTA FE RAILWAY CO. ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 832.
No. 93-2016. ITHACA INDUSTRIES, INC. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 684.
No. 93-2017. CHRISTIANO V. CONNECTICUT. Sup. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 228 Conn. 456, 637 A. 2d 382.
No. 93-2019. MORSE V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist.' Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 Cal. App. 4th 259, 25 Cal. Rptr. 2d 816.

No. 93-2020. PERKINS V. WESTERN SURETY CO. C. A. 5th
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 935.
No. 93-2022. SUNDSTRAND CORP. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 965.
No. 93-2023. WOODWARD v. LORTON ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-2024. FREEDOM REPUBLICANS, INC., ET AL. v. FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 412.
No. 93-2025. SPALETTA V. COUNTY OF MENDOCINO EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT ASSN. ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-2026. LEWIS v. NEW YORK CITY HEALTH & HOSPITALS CORP. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below:
17 F. 3d 391.
No. 93-2027. LINN ET UX. V. PITTS ET UX. Ct. App. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 123 Ore. App. 277, 858 P. 2d 1352.
No. 93-2028. STUART V. CITY OF RANCHO PALOS VERDES ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 93-2029. GENERAL TRUCK, DRIVERS, WAREHOUSEMEN & HELPERS LOCAL UNION NUMBER 5 v. FORMOSA PLASTICS CORP. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1079.
No. 93-2031. TOM MIsTICK & SONS, INC. v. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 536 Pa. 10, 637 A. 2d 607.
No. 93-2032. KINTER ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 301.
No. 93-2033. INDIANA LUMBERMENS MUTUAL INSURANCE CO. v. CITY OF BATON ROUGE. Ct. App. La., 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 633 So. 2d 715.
No. 93-2034. SHORT V. EDISON CHOUEST OFFSHORE, INC., ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 790.
No. 93-2035. NINTENDO OF AMERICA, INC. v. LEWIS GALOOB TOYS, INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1032.

No. 93-2036. CSR LTD. v. MACQUEEN, JUDGE, CIRCUIT COURT OF WEST VIRGINIA, KANAWHA COUNTY, ET AL. Sup. Ct. App. W. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 190 W Va. 695, 441 S. E. 2d 658.
No. 93-2037. ALFREDO A. v. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF Los ANGELES (CALIFORNIA, REAL PARTY IN INTEREST). Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 6 Cal. 4th 1212, 865 P. 2d 56.
No. 93-2038. HERRMANN V. IUE AFL-CIO PENSION FUND ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1049.
No. 93-2039. WHITE V. UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD Co. Ct. App. Mo., Eastern Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 871 S. W. 2d 50.
No. 93-2040. SCHENLEY PRESS, INC. v. MARYLAND COMPTROLLER OF THE TREASURY. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 98 Md. App. 745.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-2041. CARNEY v. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 807.
No. 93-2043. MCDONOUGH V'.SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. ,3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 643.
No. 93-2044. SHAW V. MASTERS ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below; 16 F. 8d 417.
No. 93-2045. JAMES CITY COUNTY, VIRGINIA V. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1330.
No. 93-2046. PENNSYLVANIA NATIONAL MUTUAL CASUALTY INSURANCE CO. V. SHORES, PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ESTATE OF JOHNSON. Ct. App. S. C.' Certiorari denied. Reported below: 315 S. C. 347, 433 S. E. 2d 913.
No. 93-2047. GUTHRIE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 397.
No. 93-2048. HENDERSON ET UX. v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 204.
No. 93-2049. WRENN V. VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1224.
No. 93-2050. SOCIETE D'ANALYSES ET D'ETUDES BRETONNEAU V. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION, AS CONSERVATOR FOR LINCOLN SAVINGS & LOAN, F. A. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1441.
No. 93-2051. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 18.
No. 93-2054. BLACKBURN V. TUDOR. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below:: 68 Ohio St. 3d 1452, 626 N. E. 2d 692.
No. 93-2055. SATELLITE BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA ET AL. v. RINGER, ACTING REGISTRAR OF COPYRIGHTS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 344.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-2056. REICHSTEIN v. NALICO INTERNATIONAL CORP. ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1541.
No. 93-2057. ELSHINNAWY v. DALTON, SECRETARY OF THE NAVY. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 642.
No. 93-2058. W. R. GRACE & CO. ET AL. V. MDU RESOURCES GROUP, DBA MONTANA DAKOTA UTILITIES Co. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1274.
No. 93-2059, WES OUTDooR ADVERTISING Co. v. NEW JERSEY
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-2060. PHILIPS V. VON HOLDT ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1105.
No. 93-2061. GREEN, EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF IRVING, DECEASED V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 996 F. 2d 318.
No. 93-2062. DYNA CORP. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 397.
No. 93-2063. MAURI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 35.
No. 93-2064. TORGERSON ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 179.
No. 93-2065. MAINE v. GRAVES. Sup. Jud. Ct. Me. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 A. 2d 734.
No. 93-2066. BATTAGLIA V. COUNTY OF SCHENECTADY, NEW YORK. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1092.
No. 93-2071. PINELLAS COUNTY, FLORIDA v. CH2M HILL SOUTHEAST, INC. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 68.
No. 93-2072. BILTMORE SQUARE ASSOCIATES ET AL. V. CITY OF ASHEVILLE. Ct. App. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 113 N. C. App. 459, 439 S. E. 2d 211.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-2074. OJAI UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT ET AL. V. JACKSON, A MINOR, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 4 F. 3d 1467.

No. 93-2075. FERRO V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 Cal. App. 4th 1, 25 Cal. Rptr. 2d 747.

No. 93-2076. BABY K, THROUGH HER GUARDIAN AD LITEM, MR. K, ET AL. V. Ms. H. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 590.

No. 93-2077. HANSEN V. OREGON ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1113.

No. 93-2078. TRIMIEW ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1113.

No. 93-2079. AURITI v. SEGAL ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-2080. HENDERSON ET AL. V. UNITED STATES ARMY
CORPS OF ENGINEERS, DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY, THROUGH
STONE, SECRETARY OF THE ARMY. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 466.

No. 93-2081. REIMANN ET AL. V. HUDDLESTON, TENNESSEE COMMISSIONER OF REVENUE. Ct. App. Tenn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 883 S. W. 2d 135.

No. 93-2082. ASSOCIATION OF CHRISTIAN ACADEMIES AND COLLEGES OF PUERTO RICO ET AL. V. PUERTO RICO DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION ET AL. Sup. Ct. P. R. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-2083. CAMPBELL V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON. C. A. 9th Cir.
Certiorari denied.

No. 93-2084. tiorari denied. 1186.

BENJAMIN V.ADAM ET AL. Super. Ct. Pa. CerReported below: 426 Pa. Super. 543, 627 A. 2d

No. 93-2085. EVANS V. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF MOTOR
VEHICLES ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 Cal. App. 4th 958, 26 Cal. Rptr. 2d 460.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 93-2086. BRANDT-ERICHSEN v. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported bWlow: 999 F. 2d 1376.
No. 93-2087. IN RE BANKS, T/A JOB PROTECTORS FORMER ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-2088. INRE BANKS, T/A JOB PROTECTORS FORMER ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-2089. SCHWENKE V.UTAH STATE BAR. Sup. Ct. Utah. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 865 P. 2d 1350.
No. 93-2090. ASAM v. HARWOOD. C. A. i1th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 36.
No. 93-2091. FLEMING V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1325.
No. 93-2093. HIGH COUNTRY BROADCASTING CO., INC., ET AL. V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 3 F. 3d 1244.
No. 93-2094. IN RE GARRINGER. Sup. Ct. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 626 N. E. 2d 809.
No. 93-2095. PANAMA CITY MEDICAL DIAGNOSTICS, LTD. V.
STUART, IN HIS OFFICIAL CAPACITY AS SECRETARY OF FLORIDA
DEPARTMENT OF PROFESSIONAL REGULATION, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 1541.
No. 93-2100. HUMPHRIES v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F: 3d 1427.
No. 93-7741. JOHNS V. ILLINOIS; No. 93-7766. LEVIN V.ILLINOIS; No. 93-8068. CARTER V.ILLINOIS; and No. 93-8076. KNooP v. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 157 Ill. 2d 138, 623 N. E. 2d 317.
No. 93-7972. CORWIN v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 870 S. W. 2d 23.
No. 93-8053. PRICE ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 207.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-8224. BAGNOLI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 7 F. 3d 90.
No. 93-8286. GOLLEHON V. MONTANA. Sup. Ct. Mont. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 262 Mont. 1, 864 P. 2d 249.
No. 93-8308. ROGERS V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1025.
No. 93-8463. BRYANT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 218.
No. 93-8464. TAYLOR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 165.
No. 93-8467. BUTTS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 5 F. 3d 1500.
No. 93-8473. WARD V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 242 Ill. App. 3d 1106, 657 N. E. 2d 99.
No. 93-8491. TURNER V. MONTANA. Sup. Ct. Mont. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 262 Mont. 39, 864 P. 2d 235.
No. 93-8553. MATOS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-8563. BARNES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 993 F. 2d 680.
No. 93-8631. CARROLL V. RENO, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 410.
No. 93-8674. HARRIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 597.
No. 93-8678. ALEBORD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1558.
No. 93-8679. DOBBS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 408.
No. 93-8690. DETRICK V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 114.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-8698. FERGUSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 385.
No. 93-8708. LUNSFORD V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 158 Ill. 2d 23, 630 N. E. 2d 794.
No. 93-8712. LARISCY ET UX. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 413.
No. 93-8722. WASHINGTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1128.
No. 93-8735. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 208.
No. 93-8747. WARING v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSOURI DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 7 F. 3d 753.
No. 93-8752. THOMAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1545.
No. 93-8754. SMITH v. LUCAS, COMMISSIONER, MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 359.
No. 93-8755. THOMAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 817.
No. 93-8758. CHURCH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 59.
No. 93-8762. KROSS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 751.
No. 93-8770. GORBY v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 630 So. 2d 544.
No. 93-8777. STAMBOULIDES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1231.
No. 93-8785. BLAKEMORE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1228.
No. 93-8792. LOWE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 181.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-8798. WILSON V. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 179 Wis. 2d 660, 508 N. W. 2d 44.
No. 93-8822. DAI Quoc Lu v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 304.
No. 93-8828. ALLEN V. PURKETT, SUPERINTENDENT, FARMINGTON CORRECTIONAL CENTER, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 5 F. 3d 1151.

No. 93-8833. BOCAGE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1090.

No. 93-8834. BROWN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1246.

No. 93-8836. CEASER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 58.

No. 93-8849. CARROLL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1431.

No. 93-8868. SWAIN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1094.

No. 93-8873. SANTOS V. NEW YORK. N. Y., 1st Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. App. Div. 2d 378, 602 N. Y. S. 2d 362.

App. Div., Sup. Ct. Reported below: 197

No. 93-8875. SHANNON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 699.

No. 93-8879. CASTILLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 802.

No. 93-8883. COBLE v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 871 S. W. 2d 192.

No. 93-8885. RIPPEE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 603.

No. 93-8886. MICHELLETTI V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 838.

No. 93-8903. GASTIABURO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 582.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-8923. JABAAY V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 604.
No. 93-8951. BENAVIDES GONZALEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1214.
No. 93-8956. BLACKBURN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 353.
No. 93-8962. CHUKWURA V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 5 F. 3d 1420.
No. 93-8967. FREEMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 953.
No. 93-8968. ORNELAS-RODRIGUEZ V. UNITED STATES; and No. 93-9205. LOPEZ-GUTIERREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1339.
No. 93-8972. THOMPSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1103.
No. 93-8976. KENT v. BECHTEL GROUP, INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 27.
No. 93-8984. ARNOLD V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 873 S. W. 2d 27.
No. 93-8995. MARKS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1096.
No. 93-8999. LAMPKIN V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 3d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 251 Ill. App. 3d 361, 622 N. E. 2d 42.
No. 93-9000. MULLER v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 120.
No. 93-9001. MURRELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1215.
No. 93-9002. ZEIGLER v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 632 So. 2d 48.
No. 93-9004. MITCHELL V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9006. VARNER V. PURKETT, SUPERINTENDENT, FARMINGTON CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1229.
No. 93-9007. MOSS v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9014. GHOLSON V. WRIGHT, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 409.
No. 93-9021. WESSELS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 746.
No. 93'9023. CHRISTIAN V. VASQUEZ, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 808.
No. 93-9028. LONGWORTH V. SOUTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. S. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 313 S. C. 360, 438 S. E. 2d 219.
No. 93-9033. RAMOS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 937.
No. 93-9037. WALKER V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 414.
No. 93-9039. ALLEN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 206.
No. 93-9045. 'HOLDREN v. TRENT, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 57.
No. 93-9048.. NORTHINGTON V. MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 444 Mich. 980, 518 N. W, 2d 481.
No. 93-9052. LYLE v. MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 444 Mich. 956, 514 N. W. 2d 767.
No. 93-9054. ROBERTSON V.JONES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 219.
No. 93-9055. RICHARDSON v. FRANKLIN. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 67 Ohio St. 3d 1480, 620 N. E. 2d 853.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9058. TANNER ET AL. V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9059. LEONARD v. NEW YORK DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONAL SERVICES ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9064. SOULE v. THOMAS, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1108.
No. 93-9068. TAYLOR v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 630 So. 2d 1038.
No. 93-9071. WARMAN V. SOMMERSET COUNTY COMMISSIONERS ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9073. HAMMOND V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9076. GASTER V. CATOE, DEPUTY COMMISSIONER,
SOUTH CAROLINA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A.
4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1429.
No. 93-9078. GREEN V. COLORADO. Ct. App. Colo. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9079. HUNT v. BENNETT ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1263.
No. 93-9081. JONES V. JIVE PUBLISHING ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9085. DIXON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1106.
No. 93-9088. THOMPSON V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9089. UPLINGER V. WHITE, WARDEN. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1229.
No. 93-9090. KNIGHT V.WEST VIRGINIA ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 595.
No. 93-9096. DELBRIDGE ET AL. V. FRANCO ET AL. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9097. AWOFOLU V. CITY OF LOS ANGELES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 995 F. 2d 230.

ORDERS

833

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9102. CASTRO VASQUEZ V. MYERS, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 33.
No. 93-9103. HARDY V. PENNSYLVANIA. Commw. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 152 Pa. Commw. 648, 619 A. 2d 1092.
No. 93-9106. HERZOG v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 409.
No. 93-9108. EVANS V. MARYLAND. Ct. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 333 Md. 660, 637 A. 2d 117.
No. 93-9110. CROSS V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 535 Pa. 38, 634 A. 2d 173.
No. 93-9113. BAKER v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1102.
No. 93-9117. DEHLER V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9118. BROWN V. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9121. ROBEDEAUX v. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 866 P. 2d 417.
No. 93-9123. BOYD v. WRIGHT, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1433.
No. 93-9126. AGBADA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1544.
No. 93-9128. APELT v. ARIZONA. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 176 Ariz. 369, 861 P. 2d 654.
No. 93-9133. SULLIVAN v. DELAWARE. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 636 A. 2d .931.
No. 93-9134. STONE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 934.
No. 93-9136. GILLIAM V. SMITH, WARDEN, ET AL. Cir. Ct. Baltimore County, Md. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 93-9139. STAPLES v. LUKEMIRE ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 410.
No. 93-9140. HOOD v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9144. STEIN v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 632 So. 2d 1361.
No. 93-9145. RODENBAUGH V. KNISLEY ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9146. NEWBY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 1143.
No. 93-9148. MORRIS V.' UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1214.
No. 93-9149. GONZALEZ MARTINEZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th.Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1215.
No. 93-9150. MITCHELL V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.'
No. 93-9151. WOODS v. BURTON, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9152. VEY v. COLVILLE ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9157. FLEMING V. ROCHA, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1084.
No. 93-9158. HICKEY ET AL. V. WELLESLEY SCHOOL COMMITTEE ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 44.
No. 93-9160. DOERR v. COUNTY OF SAN BERNARDINO, CALIFORNIA, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9164. CLARK v. GROOSE, SUPERINTENDENT, JEFFERSON CITY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 960.
No. 93-9165. APELT v. ARIZONA. ;Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 176 Ariz. 349, 861 P. 2d 634.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9166. BARTEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1105.

No. 93-9169. REESE V. VANKIRK ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 411.

No. 93-9170. RANDOLPH V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 5th
App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 Cal. App. 4th 1836, 25 Cal. Rptr. 2d 723.

No. 93-9172. OLSZEWSKI V. MASSACHUSETTS. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 416 Mass. 707, 625 N. E. 2d 529.

No. 93-9173. YOUNG V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9174. PURLANTOV V. WELLS FARGO BANK, N. A., ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9175. NORTHINGTON v. BURRESS, JUDGE, MICHIGAN CIRCUIT COURT, 44TH CIRCUIT. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 444 Mich. 983, 518 N. W. 2d 481.

No. 93-9176. PRESSLEY V. HAIR. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 166.

No. 93-9177. RHEUARK V. ALABAMA ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9178. SIMMONS v. LOUISIANA (three cases). Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 635 So. 2d 1103 (first case); 634 So. 2d 856 (second and third cases).

No. 93-9179. BUCK v. REISMAN ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9181. ADLINGTON V.HOUSTON. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 36.

No. 93-9182. CmLDS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 997 F. 2d 881.

No. 93-9183. DAY v. WAITS ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1098.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 93-9184. ABDUS-SABIR v. JOHNSON ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 57.
No. 93-9185. CRESCENZI v. SCHERLING ET AL.' C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9186. WHITLEY V. CITY OF TAMPA, FLORIDA, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 So. 2d 239.
No. 93-9193. HICKS v. WRIGHT ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 8.

No. 93-9195. RICE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 413.
No. 93-9196. ODOM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 949.

No. 93-9197. WASH V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 0 Cal. 4th 215, 981 P. 2d 1107.

No. 93-9199. ALTHOFF ET VIR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 417.
No. 93-9201. GOSCH V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1170.

No. 93-9203. GRANT V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 67 Ohio St. 3d 465, 620 N. E. 2d 50.

No. 93-9204. HERNANDEZ V. COUGHLIN, COMMISSIONER, NEW YORK DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONAL SERVICES, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 133.
No. 93-9207. ELLISON V. MAKEL, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1219.

No. 93-9208. HERNANDEZ-RODRIGUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1216.
No. 93-9212. WILLIAMS V. SERVICE ELECTRICAL SUPPLY CO. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 645.

No. 93-9214. BOWEN V. KERNAN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 393.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9217. CRANDALL V. BURTON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1231.
No. 93-9218. BOYD v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 64.
No. 93-9221. ECHENIQUE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1221.
No. 93-9222. HUMISTON V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 Cal. App. 4th 460, 24 Cal. Rptr. 2d 515.
No. 93-9223. GRAVES v. HARGETT, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9224. SHURN V. MISSOURI. Sup. Ct. Mo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 866 S. W, 2d 447.
-No. 93-9225. SLOAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 936.
No. 93-9228. DERRICK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 412.
No. 93-9230. WEAVER v. SCHOOL BOARD OF LEON COUNTY. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 624 So. 2d 761.
No. 93-9231. WHITNEY V. CRUZ ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 9.
No. 93-9233. SANFORD V. HILDRETH ET AL. Ct. App. Cal.,
4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9234. THANDIWE V. COMPTON, WARDEN, ET AL. C.A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9235. GHENT V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9238. ERGER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 24.
No. 93-9239. DAVIS ET AL. V. SOUTHEASTERN PENNSYLVANIA TRANSPORTATION AUTHORITY ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 642.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9242. SANDS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 728.

No. 93-9245. STUCKEY v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9247. WARREN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 429.

No. 93-9248. SANDERS v. NORTH CAROLINA ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 7 F. 3d 225.

No. 93-9249. No. 93-9397. tiorari denied.

HORNER V. UNITED STATES; and JULIAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1452.

Cer-

No. 93-9250. JONES V. IDAHO. Ct. App. Idaho. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 125 Idaho 294, 870 P. 2d 1.

No. 93-9251. HAYES v. BURTON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1231.
No. 93-9256. BERRY V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9258. LYNCH ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 559.

No. 93-9259. MCKENZIE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 21.

No. 93-9260. MORAN V. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 52.

No. 93-9263. SHELTON v. LORUSSO, JUDGE, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 9.

No. 93-9264. SHELTON v. ESTATE OF FREEMAN. App. Div.,
Sup. Ct. N. Y., 4th Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 198 App. Div. 2d 897, 606 N. Y. S. 2d 1019.

No. 93-9265. PONCE-SANTOYO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1216.

No. 93-9268. MEREDITH v. GEORGIA. Ct. App. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 211 Ga. App. 213, 438 S. E. 2d 644.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9269. PREUSS V. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9270. BAKER V. MILLER ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9273. LONAY V. STOOKEY ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 631.
No. 93-9274. HUNGER ET AL. v. LEININGER, SUPERINTENDENT, ILLINOIS STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 664.
No. 93-9275. HAMILTON V. MORRISON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9276. EWING V.MICHIGAN. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 444 Mich. 907, 512 N. W. 2d 320.
No. 93-9282. BENT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 165 and 166.
No. 93-9283. WEBB v. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 6 Cal. 4th 494, 862 P. 2d 779.
No. 93-9286. MARTIN V. WILKINSON ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1220.
No. 93-9287. MACIEL V. YLST, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 28.
No. 93-9288. LEONARD V. ROSE'S DEPARTMENT STORE. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 639 A. 2d 74.
No. 93-9289. MELENDEZ v. ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC SECURITY ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1107.
No. 93-9290. MCDONALD v. BOYDSTON ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 465.
No. 93-9291. SANDERS V. MONTANA. Sup. Ct. Mont. Certio-
rari denied. Reported below: 264 Mont. 529, 872 P. 2d 336. No. 93-9292. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 13.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 93-9293. DICK v. YELLOW CAB Co. ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9296. BAKER v. KELLEY ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9300. YNFANTE V.UNITED STATES; and No. 93-9328. DELEON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 993 F. 2d 913.
No. 93-9301. PEREZ-TORRES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 403.

No. 93-9303. MUNOZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1098.

No. 93-9305. OCCHINO V. LANNON ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 23.

No. 93-9308. GIBBS V. OKLAHOMA DEPARTMENT OF HUMAN SERVICES, AFFIRMATIVE ACTION UNIT. Ct. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9309. BOOKER HARPER V. PEARSON, CIRCUIT JUDGE, CIRCUIT COURT OF ARKANSAS, CRAIGHEAD COUNTY. Sup. Ct. Ark. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9311. KRAFT v. EKCO HOUSEWARES CO. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1225.

No. 93-9313. GILBERT V. CALIFORNIA PUBLIC COMMISSION ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. denied.

UTILITIES Certiorari

No. 93-9314. GABRELIAN v. GABRELIAN. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 83 N. Y. 2d 801, 633 N. E. 2d 491.

No. 93-9317. NEWTON V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1438.

No. 93-9318. LEAKE v. NORTHERN VIRGINIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 595.

ORDERS

841

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9321. GREGORY v. LAWHORN, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 594.
No. 93-9325. LONG v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9326. MOORE V. JONES, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9327. WHITE V. COLORADO. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 870 P. 2d 424.
No. 93-9331. TOWNLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 52.

No. 93-9334. MENDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 417.
No. 93-9339. VINCENT v. REYNOLDS MEMORIAL HOSPITAL
ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 598.

No. 93-9340. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 429.
No. 93-9341. DE VONISH V. KEANE, SUPERINTENDENT, SING SING CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 107.

No. 93-9347. PATTERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 809.

No. 93-9348. PRENTZEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1555.
No. 93-9349. METALLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1438.
No. 93-9350. OSIRIS V. OREGON. Sup. Ct. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 318 Ore. 459, 871 P. 2d 122.
No. 93-9351. SMITH V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9353. SMITH v. DIXON, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 956.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9354. WALLACE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 32.
No. 93-9355. CARROLL V. CRIST, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 25.
No. 93-9356. WORSHAM V. PRICE ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 216.
No. 93-9359. DAWSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 936.
No. 93-9360. ALLEN V. COLORADO. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 868 P. 2d 379.
No. 93-9362. SCOTT V. ARIZONA. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 177 Ariz. 131, 865 P. 2d 792.
No. 93-9363. LOPEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 32.
No. 93-9366. MITCHELL V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9367. COMEZ-PABON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 7.
No. 93-9368. LOVE v. NEW YORK. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 4th Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 199 App. Div. 2d 1024, 608 N. Y. S. 2d 916.
No. 93-9369. MACIAS v. ANDERSON, JUDGE, OFFICE OF HEARING AND APPEALS, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 239.
No. 93-9371. DOTSON v. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 183 Wis. 2d 431, 516 N. W. 2d 20.
No. 93-9372. MUSSER v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1222.
No. 93-9373. BROWNER V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 628 A. 2d 642.
No. 93-9374. ESPINUEVA V. DALTON, SECRETARY OF THE NAVY. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 430.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9375. KNELLER v. KNELLER. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9376. GULBENKIAN V.KAISER FOUNDATION HOSPITALS ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9378. KIMBERLIN V. UNITED STATES; and No, 93-9461. FULLER v. UNITED STATES, 0. A. 4th Cir, Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1156.

No. 93-9379. BARTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1228.

No. 93-9380. GAERTTNER V. LOVE, SUPERINTENDENT, PENN-
SYLVANIA STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT HUNTINGDON.
C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9381. GATTIS v. DELAWARE. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 A. 2d 808.

No. 93-9382. KING V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 304.
No. 93-9383. HIBBLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9384. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 397.

No. 93-9385. WYANT V.OHIO; and No. 94-5135. BLAZER V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 68 Ohio St. 3d 162, 624 N. E. 2d 722.

No. 93-9386. SOLIS v. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 Cal. App. 4th 264, 25 Cal. Rtpr. 2d 184.

No. 93-9387. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 20.

No. 93-9388. PEARSALL V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 636 A. 2d 966.

No. 93-9389. ROANE V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9391. HORDGE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 52.
No. 93-9393. JOHNSON v. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 6 Cal. 4th 1, 859 P. 2d 673.
No. 93-9394. HUNES v. ARKANSAS. Sup. Ct. Ark. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 274 Ark. 268, 623 S. W. 2d 835.
No. 93-9395. ELLINGTON V. MARSHALL, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 394.
No. 93-9396. AVERHART v. SHETTLE ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir.
Coitio ari doniod. Ropotd bWlow! 1 F. 2d 1225.
No. 93-9398. GRAIBE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1117.
No. 93-9399. GARRETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 468.
No. 93-9400. GARY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1123.
No. 93-9401. ESPINOZA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 31.
No. 93-9402. HUDSON V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 157 Ill. 2d 401, 626 N. E. 2d 161.
No. 93-9403. AQUIL v. GOMEZ, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9404. PHELPS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1334.
No. 93-9405. CARSON ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 576.
No. 93-9406. TALK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 369.
No. 93-9407. SHAFFER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9408. COLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 19.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9409. BIGG v. SELECTIVE SERVICE SYSTEM. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 102.
No. 93-9410. DYER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1421.
No. 93-9411. ROGERS v. ALABAMA; and No. 93-9560. MUSGROVE v. ALABAMA. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 1360.
No. 93-9412. QUANG LY TRAN V. CITY OF COLUMBUS, OHIO, ET AL. Ct. App. Ohio, Franklin County. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9413. OSORIO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 7 F. 3d 236.
No. 93-9414. PATTERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 801.
No. 93-9415. MOSAVI ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9416. MARCUM v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 599.
No. 93-9417. HURST V. UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1440.
No. 93-9418. FLOWERS V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9419. SiMS v. NEW YORK. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9420. CROWELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1452.
No. 93-9421. DENSMORE V. MICHIGAN. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9422. BROWN v. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 6 Cal. 4th 322, 862 P. 2d 710.
No. 93-9423. MCLEOD v. LOUDOUN COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES ET AL. Ct. App. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9424. SHELTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 13.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9425. ST. Louis v. MCCLELLAN, SUPERINTENDENT, SOUTHPORT CORRECTIONAL FACILITY, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1090.
No. 93-9426. MUJIHADEEN V. MCWHERTER, REGIONAL ADMINISTRATOR, WEST TENNESSEE REGION. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1220.
No. 93-9427. MCMANUS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1439.
No. 93-9428. WILLIAMSON ET AL. V. KING COUNTY, WASHING-
TON. Ct. App. Wash. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9429. LOCKETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 14.
No. 93-9430. SHAFFER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 413.
No. 93-9432. DOOLEY v. MORGAN, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT SMITHFIELD. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9435. ROBINSON v. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9436. VOTH V. MAASS, SUPERINTENDENT, OREGON STATE PENITENTIARY. Sup. Ct. Ore. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9437. COLE V. OGORZOLKA ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 23.
No. 93-9438. ROBBINS V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9440. RODENBAUGH v. CURTO. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1431.
No. 93-9442. CANNON V. INDIANA. Ct. App. Ind. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9443. WHITAKER V. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, ALAMEDA COUNTY. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1111.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9445. JEFFERSON V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9446. FIELDS V. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: .16 F. 3d 1227.
No. 93-9447. LITTLE V.UNITED STATES. C.A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 12.
No. 93-9448. HAYNES V. HARTMAN ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1433.
No. 93-9449. PARGO V. FIRST REALTY PROPERTY MANAGEMENT, LTD., ET.AL. C.A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1437.
No. 93-9450. LUNA V. COURT OF APPEALS OF OHIO, HURON COUNTY. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 69 Ohio St. 3d 1421, 631 N. E. 2d 161.
No. 93-9451. CURTIS v.' BULLDOG LEASING CO., INC., ET AL. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 630 So. 2d 1060.
No. 93-9452. 'CRAWFORD' V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 52.
No. 93-9453. BROWN v. MICHIGAN. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9454. SCHUBERT V. INDIANA. Ct. App. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 625 N. E. 2d 505.
No. 93-9455. SIMS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19, F. 3d 20.
No. 93-9456. ALVAREZ V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9457. LEWIS v. SEIDMAN, CHAIRMAN, BOARD OF DIRECTORS, FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 967 F. 2d 587.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 93-9458. GERMINARO V. AMOCO OIL CO., INC. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1091.
No. 93-9459. ROUNDTREE V. MILLER ET AL. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9460. GRAYSON V.MARSHALL, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1113.
No. 93-9462. MINNIFIELD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 15.
No. 93-9463. MORRIS V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9465. WILKES V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 631 A. 2d 880.
No. 93-9466. CARTER V. GUNTER ET AL.; and No. 93-9467. CARTER V. PADOVEN ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 404.
No. 93-9468. EVERETTS V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 627 A. 2d 981.
No. 93-9469. JOHNSON V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9470. GARCEAU V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 6 Cal. 4th 140, 862 P. 2d 664.
No. 93-9471. DEBARDELEBEN V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9472. BURGER v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 417.
No. 93-9473. COLLINS V. KINCHELOE, SUPERINTENDENT, SPRING CREEK CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 26.
No. 93-9475. BARRAGAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 29.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9476. THOMAS ET UX. V. UNITED STATES FIDELITY & GUARANTY Co. Ct. App. Tex., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9477. SEYMOUR V. MARYLAND. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 98 Md. App. 745.
No. 93-9479. SAMUELS v. MANN, SUPERINTENDENT, SHAWANGUNK CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 522.
No. 93-9480. SANDOVAL V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9485. EDWARDS V. YLST, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1551.
No. 93-9486. LORD v. WASHINGTON. Sup. Ct. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 123 Wash. 2d 296, 868 P. 2d 835.
No. 93-9487. MICHEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1096.
No. 93-9489. GIBSON v. NORTH AMERICAN FREE TRADE AGREEMENT. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9490. CHRISTOPHER V. STONE. Cir. Ct. Monongalia County, W. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9491. CUSTARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 34.
No. 93-9492. AvALOS-ZARATE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 34.
No. 93-9493. BLODGETT V. MINNESOTA. Sup. Ct. Minn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 510 N. W. 2d 910.
No. 93-9494. CASARES-CARDENAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1283.
No. 93-9495. ROACH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 935.
No. 93-9497. POOLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 20.
No. 93-9498. DEAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 30.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9499. CUDJO v. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 6 Cal. 4th 585, 863 P. 2d 635.
No. 93-9500. NEAL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1431.
No. 93-9501. YACKS V. JOHNSON, WARDEN. C. 'A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 20.
No. 93-9502. BENNETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 21.
No. 93-9503. DOUGLAS V. WEIL, GOTSHAL & MANGES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9504. MASON V. MEINERS. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1228.
No. 93-9505. BARLOW v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 85.
No. 93-9507. BUCKHALTON V. BENSON, WARDEN, ET AL. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9508. SOLAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9509. BREWER v. NEW YORK. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 2d Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 200 App. Div. 2d 579, 606 N. Y. S. 2d 292.

No. 93-9510. BURKE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1116.

No. 93-9511. CHILES V. KANSAS. Sup. Ct. Kan. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 254 Kan. 888, 869 P. 2d 707.
No. 93-9513. EDMONDS V. THOMPSON, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1433.
No. 93-9514. GRIFFITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 865.
No. 93-9515. LEE v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 40.

ORDERS

851

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9516. KARIM-PANAHI v. Los ANGELES POLICE DEPARTMENT ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1086.
No. 93-9517. VENERI V. DOMOVICH, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT PITTSBURGH. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9518. SAELEE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1095.
No. 93-9519. FIGERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 22.
No. 93-9520. GHOLSON v. MURRAY, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 11.
No. 93-9521. GARRISON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 304.
No. 93-9522. SUMMERLIN V. ARIZONA. Super. Ct. Ariz., Maricopa County. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9523. GOCKEN V.WASHINGTON. Sup. Ct. Wash. Cer-
tiorari denied.
No. 93-9524. WINSTON V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9525. SMITH v. LUCAS, COMMISSIONER, MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 638.
No. 93-9526. ALTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1221.
No. 93-9527. BoYD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1441.
No. 93-9529. SCHWARZ v. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF COR-
RECTIONS ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9530. ADKINS v. ALABAMA. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 639 So. 2d 522.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 93-9531. BITTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 35.
No. 93-9532. CAMPBELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 953.
No. 93-9533. GARCIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 408.
No. 93-9534. BROWN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 907.
No. 93-9535. BAINES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 303.
No. 93-9536. CLARK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1337.
No. 93-9537. BRYANT V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9539. MCLAURIN v. COWHEY ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9540. ALLEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 16.
No. 93-9541. RODRIGUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1116.
No. 93-9542. WASHINGTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 230.
No. 93-9543. SCHINDLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 304.
No. 93-9544. STEWART V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1170.
No. 93-9545. WEBBER V. FRANKLIN COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA,
ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari before judgment denied.
No. 93-9546. JONES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 2d 19.
No. 93-9547. FAULKNER V. MAKEL, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9549. GRADO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 34.
No. 93-9550. JONES v. GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 263 Ga. 904, 440 S. E. 2d 161.
No. 93-9551. COFIELD v. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN'- DISTRICT OF ALABAMA. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9552. RIVERA V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 304.
No. 93-9554. MERAZ-PERU V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1197.
No. 93-9555. MITCHELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1185.
No. 93-9556. OLIVA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1125.
No. 93-9557. REAVES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 711.
No. 93-9558. MEO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1093.

No. 93-9559. ROBERTSON v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 871 S. W. 2d 701.
No. 93-9561. RIVERA v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1232.
No. 93-9562. BRYSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 412.
No. 93-9563. GIVENS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 35.
No. 93-9565. ALVAREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1536.
No. 93-9566. CARTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1150.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9567. McCoY v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1093.
No. 93-9569. HEAD V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 626 A. 2d 1382.

No. 93-9570. FREEDLANDER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 12.

No. 93-9571. JORDAN, AKA WOODS V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 633 A. 2d 373.
No. 93-9572. EVERETT V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9573. JIMENEZ V. GENERAL MOTORS CORP. ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 601.

No. 93-9574. WILLIAMS v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TExAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 66 and 70.
No. 93-9576. JESTICE V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 5th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9578. LANG V. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below:
947 F. 2d 936.

No. 93-9579. LEPPARD V. CHAPLEAU, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1433.

No. 93-9580. LEE V. BENJAMIN FRANKLIN FEDERAL SAVINGS ASSN. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1215.

No. 93-9581. LLOYD V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 22 F. 3d 1090.

No. 93-9582. EMERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 974 F. 2d 687.

No. 93-9583. FUGARINO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 559.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9584. ACUNA v. DOE, MEDICAL STAFF AT MARION COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT JAIL, ET -AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. :
No. 93-9586. ROBERTS V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 868 P. 2d 712.
No. 93-9587. REED, V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 72.
No. 93-9588. MYERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 153.
No. 93-9589. TEMPELMAN ET UX. V. POTVIN ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 45.
No. 93-9590. ANDRISANI V. SAUGUS COLONY LTD. ET AL. Ct. -App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9591. STYERS V. ARIZONA. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari
denied. Reported below: 177 Ariz. 104, 865 P. 2d 765.
No. 93-9592. BALLARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 935.
No. 93-9594. BILAL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1441.
No. 93-9595. AYALA v. UNITED STATES. C.A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 303.
No. 93-9596. CANCIO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 467.
No. 93-9598. GUZMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d' 1442.
No. 93-9599. POOLE v. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 630 A. 2d 1109.
No. 93-9600. PETERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. 'A. 5th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 466.
No. 93-9601. REYES-MOGOLLON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1442.
No. 93-9603. LANKFORD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 31.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9604. LEWIS v. THOMPSON, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9605. MITCHELL V. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9606. SIMMONS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 36.
No. 93-9607. SIQUEIROS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1118.
No. 93-9608. VASQUEZ-VENEGAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1124.
No. 93-9609. ARRINGTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 425.
No. 93-9610. CONDREN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1190.
No. 93-9611. FRANGENBERG V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 100.
No. 93-9612. IN RE FROMAL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari
denied.
No. 93-9613. EMERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 417.
No. 93-9615. SACK V. ST. FRANCIS HOSPITAL ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 417.
No. 93-9616. FLATTUM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1116.
No. 93-9617. JOHNSON v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9619. LENNICK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 814.
No. 93-9620. ROGERS v. REED-FLEMING ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9621. SCOTT v. FLORIDA ET AL. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 So. 2d 236.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9622. TRUJILLO-ACOSTA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 990 F. 2d 1265.
No. 93-9623. TRANTINO v. ROTHSTEIN. Sup. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 228 Conn. 854, 635 A. 2d 813.
No. 93-9624. BATTEN V. OHIO. Ct. App. Ohio, Summit County. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9625. SCOTT V. UNITED STATE9. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 P. 9d 19.

No. 93-9626. BUCKLES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 466.
No. 93-9627. ABDULLAH V. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 571.
No. 93-9628. BROWN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 337.
No. 93-9629. BANIC V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1430.

No. 93-9631. BISBY v. ZENON, SUPERINTENDENT, OREGON STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1439.
No. 93-9632. BAKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 94.
No. 93-9633. THOMPSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1442.
No. 93-9634. SAMSON v. THOMPSON, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 424.
No. 93-9635. BASS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 466.

No. 93-9636. BRAY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 428.
No. 93-9637. BRADLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1447.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 93-9638. McDONALD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1437.
No. 93-9639. McNAm v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 410.

No. 93-9640. RODENBAUGH v. SINGER. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1431.

No. 93-9641. QUINTANILLA V. ORANGE COUNTY PERSONNEL DIVISION OF SHERIFF CORONER DEPARTMENT ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1440.

No. 98-9042. rliNCE v. Noimi, DiRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9643. MACK v. DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9644. REYNOLDS v. BORG, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1115.
No. 93-9647. BOULER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. -4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 425.
No. 93-9648. BURNSIDE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1116.

No. 93-9649. SHOWELL V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 630 A. 2d 1109.

No. 93-9650. AGHA V. WEST, SECRETARY OF THE ARMY, ET AL.
C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 25.

No. 93-9651. HARRIS V. PADU. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9654. ENOGWE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1215.

No. 93-9655. FERDIK V. MCFADDEN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9656. HARRELL v. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 182 Wis. 2d 408, 513 N. W. 2d 676.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9657. HUBBARD V. VOINOVICH, GOVERNOR OF OHIO, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 69 Ohio St. 3d 1402, 629 N. E. 2d 1365.
No. 93-9658. FRIDAY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1117.
No. 93-9659. HARRINGTON V. STRAW, DIRECTOR, DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9660. HENSLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 936.
No. 93-9661. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1434.
No. 93-9662. AGUILAR v. NEW MEXICO. Sup. Ct. N. M. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 117 N. M. 501, 873 P. 2d 247.
No. 93-9663. DUBUC v. MUSSEMAN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 405.
No. 93-9664. SMITH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1445.
No. 93-9665. CHAVERS V. PRUNTY, ACTING' WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9666. WEIDRICK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 32.
No. 93-9667. VILLAMONTE V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 35.
No. 93-9668. STEWART V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9669. SHAW v. DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 137.
No. 93-9671. DEFELICE v. BERTON ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 121.
No. 93-9672. SANCHEZ v. BORG, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 29.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9676. MARCUS v. LEVIN. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 83 N. Y. 2d 847, 634 N. E. 2d 605.
No. 93-9677. PETTIGREW V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1229.
No. 93-9678. RICHARDSON V. MARYLAND. Ct. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 334 Md. 212, 638 A. 2d 753.
No. 93-9679. MERRILL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 465.
No. 93-9680. HERNAN MONTES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 304.
No. 93-9681. RODRIGUEZ v. ALFORD, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 239.
No. 93-9682. MARQUEZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1442.
No. 93-9683. MCMILLAN v. GOMEZ, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 465.
No. 93-9684. McNEELY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 886.
No. 93-9685. MITCHELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 413.
No. 93-9686. CORONEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1116.
No. 93-9687. CRAWFORD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1173.
No. 93-9688. WASHINGTON v. DELAWARE. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 639 A. 2d 75.
No. 93-9691. GARCIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 30.
No. 93-9692. FERGUSON v. LEWIS, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9693. HARDING v. NEAL, WARDEN, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 A. 2d 837.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9694. SPENCE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1446.
No. 93-9695. BROWN ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 425.
No. 93-9696. MARTINEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 35.
No. 93-9697. BRANCH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 403.
No. 93-9700. MOUNEU v. DUNCAN, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9701. MORRIS V. JONES, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9702. PIERRO v. CITY OF BAKERSFIELD ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9703. HUMPHREY V. BRIGANO, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9704. SMITH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 304.
No. 93-9705. McDOWELL v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 429.
No. 93-9706. ROSAS v. MAYWOOD, INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1078.
No. 93-9707. CAIN V. VICKERS ET AL. Ct. App. Mo., Southern Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9708. BOWE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 20.
No. 93-9709. GIBBS v. HASKELL, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9710. BARNES v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 876 S. W.2d 316.
No. 93-9711. CRUCE V. UNITED STATES; and No. 93-9712. BURGER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 70.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 93-9713. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1438.
No. 93-9715. WINDOM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1190.
No. 93-9716. MINIER-CONTRERAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 726.
No. 93-9717. MULDROW V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1332.
No. 93-9718. HARSHEFI ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 426.
No. 93-9719. FRANK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1051.
No. 93-9721. HUNT v. CALIFORNIA (two cases). Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9723. ALLEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 408.
No. 93-9724. BROWN V. SNOW ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1445.
No. 93-9725. SIMPSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 467.
No. 93-9726. TUCKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 469.
No. 93-9727. BROWN V. SNOW ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1445.
No. 93-9728. WHALEN V. NEVADA. Sup. Ct. Nev. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 109 Nev. 1421, 875 P. 2d 1083.
No. 93-9730. VERNON V. ROSEMEYER, SUPERINTENDENT,
STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT GREENSBURG, ET AL.
C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9731. CANAPE v. NEVADA. Sup. Ct. Nev. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 109 Nev. 864, 859 P. 2d 1023.
No. 93-9732. BOWLING V. KENTUCKY. Sup. Ct. Ky. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 873 S. W. 2d 175.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9733. BURTRUM V. UNITED STATES.' C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1299.
No. 93-9734. LUAN VAN HOANG v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 872 S. W. 2d 694.
No. 93-9735. WEST V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 119.
No. 93-9736. SANTIAGO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1092.
No. 93-9737. SEARLES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1464.
No. 93-9739. STEWART V. IRBY-WYNTER ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9740. STRINGER V. MCMILLIN ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 466.
No. 93-9741. AGEE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 469.
No. 93-9742. DAVIS v. NEW YORK. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 1st Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 199 App. Div. 2d 61, 605 N. Y S. 2d 244.
No. 93-9743. CHAMBERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1431.
No. 93-9744. GOSSAGE v. BARBOUR, SUPERINTENDENT, TWIN RIVERS CORRECTIONS CENTER. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1113.
No. 98-9745. KENNEDY v. LITTLE ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 237.
No. 93-9746. ELLIS V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 867 P. 2d 1289.
No. 93-9747. ESTRADA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1051.
No. 93-9750. BASS v. HODGES ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1428.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9752. DULANEY V. WILDMAN ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1219.
No. 93-9753. HOWARD v. WOOD, SUPERINTENDENT, WASHINGTON STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 394.
No. 93-9754. FREIBOTH V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 252 Ill. App. 3d 1108, 667 N. E. 2d 179.
No. 93-9755. HUNT v. GRINKER, COMMISSIONER, NEW YORK CITY DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 7 F. 3d 221.
No. 93-9756. HEWLETT V. GREEN, CLERK, UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE' SIXTH CIRCUIT, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9757. STAKNIS, AKA FIALK V. ESTATE OF MOORE. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 180 Wis. 2d 469, 514 N. W. 2d 54.
No. 93-9759. LOVEJOY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 601.
No. 93-9760. PUIG-INFANTE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 929.
No. 93-9761. MEDLOCK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 185.
No. 93-9762. RUSSELL V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9763. DAVIS v. HANRAHAN. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 309.
No. 93-9764. BESINGA V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1356.
No. 93-9766. WIGERMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 560.
No. 93-9767. STEVENSON v. HALE MAHAOLU. Int. Ct. App. Haw. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 Haw. App. 630, 875 P. 2d 226.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-9768. MOAZZAM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 621.
No. 93-9770. AUMADA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 469.
No. 93-9771. DINGLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 470.
No. 93-9772. YORK v. CAPITAL CITIEs/ABC, INC., ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1091.
No. 93-9774. MAROS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1117.
No. 93-9775. LENIHAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1430.
No. 93-9776. AGUILAR v. NEW MEXICO. Sup. Ct. N. M. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 117 N. M. 501, 873 P. 2d 247.
No. 93-9778. GWYNN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1184.

No. 93-9779. FRASER V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 470.
No. 93-9782. ORTiz v. HOKE. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 83 N. Y. 2d 323, 632 N. E. 2d 861.
No. 93-9783. PEARSON v. SOUTHERLAND ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9785. THOMAS V. MCMACKIN, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9786. COUSINO V. MICHIGAN. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9788. BOHUK v. NEW JERSEY. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 269 N. J. Super. 581, 636 A. 2d 105.
No. 93-9791. FULTON v. ALLMOND, ASSOCIATE JUDGE, DISTRICT COURT OF TEXAS, GALVESTON COUNTY, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Tex. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9792. SMITH V. OREGON STATE BAR. Sup. Ct. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below:' 318 Ore. 47, 861 P. 2d 1013.

No. 93-9793. COOPER V. VAUGHN, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT GRATERFORD, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9794. BROOKS-BEY v. HARRISON ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 555.
No. 93-9796. DILLMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 384.
No. 94-1. HARRIS v. RADIO-ELECTRONICS OFFICERS UNION
(RADIO OFFICERS UNION) ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1280.

No. 94-4. FREEDMAN ET AL. V. BOARD OF EDUCATION OF THE BOROUGH OF PARK RIDGE, BERGEN COUNTY, ET AL. Super. Ct.
N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5. RICHARDSON V. STATE FARM FIRE & CASUALTY Co. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 29.
No. 94-6. TEXAS v. BOWMAN, JUDGE, COUNTY CRIMINAL
COURT NUMBER FOUR, TARRANT COUNTY, TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 885 S. W. 2d 421.

No. 94-8. NAKELL V. ATTORNEY GENERAL OP NORTH CA:ROLINA. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 319.

No. 94-10. GRECO V. WASHINGTON. Ct. App. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 71 Wash. App. 1027.

No. 94-11. VELEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-14. MOSAY ET AL. V. BUFFALO BROTHERS MANAGEMENT, INC., ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 739.

No. 94-15. WATERGATE AT LANDMARK CONDOMINIUM V. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 635.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-16. FARMER ET AL. v. GEORGIA. Ct. App. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 212 Ga. App. 372, 442 S. E. 2d 251.
No. 94-17. STEPHENS V. IVEY ET AL. Ct. App. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 212 Ga. App. 407, 442 S. E. 2d 248.
No. 94-19. WATERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 29.

No. 94-21. DUKE ET AL. V. SMITH, SECRETARY OF STATE OF FLORIDA, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-24. KYLE V. CAMPBELL SOUP Co. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 928.

No. 94-25. AMBASSADOR BOOKS & VIDEO, INC., ET AL. V. CITY
OF LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 858.

No. 94-26. BAUTISTA RIVERA V. COURT OF APPEAL OF CALIFORNIA, FIRST APPELLATE DISTRICT. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App.
Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-27. BOWSER V.PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 425 Pa. Super. 24, 624 A. 2d 125.

No. 94-28. TATE V. GILLIAM, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir.
Certiorari denied.
No. 94-29. DAVIS v. NORTH CAROLINA. Ct. App. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 113 N. C. App. 203, 438 S. E. 2d 759.

No. 94-30. CODDINGTON, PERSONALLY AND AS PERSONAL
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ESTATE OF CODDINGTON, DECEASED V.
WABASH LIFE INSURANCE CO. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1083.

No. 94-31. RIGGINS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1223.

No. 94-34. GOODMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1060.

No. 94-36. ANDERSON v. BUSMAN ET AL. tiorari denied.

Sup. Ct. Va.

Cer-

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-37. GREENFIELD V. CITY OF MIAMI BEACH, FLORIDA, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-40. JACKSON v. BRIGLE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 280.
No. 94-41. MARTIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 943 and 18 F. 3d 1515.
No. 94-46. BERNARD V. CITY OF DALLAS WATER DEPARTMENT ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1170.
No. 94-47. CAMPBELL V. WILLIAMS. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 804.
No. 94-49. SOLAR-KIST CORP. v. CLOTILDE, INC. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 137.
No. 94-50. RITCHIE ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 592.
No. 94-51. JONES V. SIMON & SCHUSTER, INC., ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 428.
No. 94-52. BLAKE ET AL. V. PLANNED PARENTHOOD LEAGUE OF MASSACHUSETTS, INC., ET AL. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 417 Mass. 467, 631 N. E. 2d 985.
No. 94-53. ROAD SPRINKLER FITTERS LOCAL UNION No. 669, AFFILATED WITH THE UNITED ASSOCIATION OF JOURNEYMEN &
APPRENTICES OF THE PLUMBING & PIPEFITTING INDUSTRY OF
THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA, AFL-CIO V. INDEPENDENT SPRINKLER CORP. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 1563.
No. 94-54. SIMPSON ET AL. v. DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE OF OREGON. Sup. Ct. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 318 Ore. 579, 870 P. 2d 824.
No. 94-55. CINEL V. CONNICK ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1338.
No. 94-57. HTC INDUSTRIES, INC. V. PERRY, SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1103.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-59. Cox v. NEWTON ET AL. Sup. Ct. Tenn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 878 S. W. 2d 105.
No. 94-60. BYRD V. PRESENTMENT AGENCY. App. Div., Sup.
Ct. N. Y., Zd Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 198
App. Div. 2d 248, 605 N. Y. S. 2d 996.
No. 94-61. FELLIN V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 432 Pa. Super. 684, 635 A. 2d 202.
No. 94-62. WOODARD V. ALABAMA. Ct. Crim. App. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 631 So. 2d 1065.
No. 94-63. MARTINSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 124.
No. 94-65. FODOR v. TIME WARNER, INC., ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 27.
No. 94-67. REED V. DELTA AIR LINES, INC. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 19.
No. 94-69. SUNKIST GROWERS, INC. V. DEL MONTE CORP. ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 753.
No. 94-71. LUMBERMENS MUTUAL CASUALTY CO. v. S-W INDUSTRIES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 970.
No. 94-73. SOUTHWESTERN BELL TELEPHONE CO. v. OKLA-
HOMA CORPORATION COMMISSION. Sup. Ct. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 873 P. 2d 1001.
No. 94-74. GARDELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 395.
No. 94-75. KNAPP V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1092.
No. 94-76. VELASQUEZ V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 Cal. App. 4th 555, 26 Cal. Rptr. 2d 320.
No. 94-77. FOULES V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 258 Ill. App. 3d 645, 630 N. E. 2d 895.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-79. MITCHELL v. THOMPSON, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS SHERIFF OF KANKAKEE COUNTY, ILLINOIS, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 425.
No. 94-80. WILSON, PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ES-
TATE OF WILSON, DECEASED V. MUNICIPALITY OF ANCHORAGE
ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 398.
No. 94-83. DESALVO V.UNITED gTATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below; 26 F. 3d 1216.
No. 94-85. RAMIREZ V. PACIFIC MARITIME ASSN. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1088.
No. 94-88. ISRAEL V. ISRAEL. App. Ct. Ill., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 251 Ill. App. 3d 1115, 661 N. E. 2d 1204.
No. 94-89. JOHNSON V. MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1104.
No. 94-90. WINCHESTER HOMES, INC. v. HOOVER UNIVERSAL, INC., ET AL. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-91. POMPONIO v. BOARD OF SUPERVISORS OF FAUQUIER COUNTY, VIRGINIA, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1319.
No. 94-92. FULK, ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ESTATE OF TUR-
NER, DECEASED, ET AL. V. ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD CO.
C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 120.
No. 94-93. TORRES MALDONADO ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 95.
No. 94-99. KAWAOKA ET UX. V. CITY OF ARROYO GRANDE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1227.
No. 94-100. FAULKNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 745.
No. 94-101. MANN ET AL. V. CONLIN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 100.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-103. ADCOX ET AL. V. TELEDYNE, INC., ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1381.

No. 94-104. REGALDO v. TEXAS. Ct. App. Tex., 14th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 872 S. W. 2d 7.
No. 94-107. VERCOE v. FiRSTIER BANK, N. A., OMAHA, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 907.
No. 94-110. PRI-HAR:v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-111. DETERS V. JUDICIAL RETIREMENT AND REMOVAL COMMISSION OF KENTUCKY. Sup. Ct. Ky. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 873 S. W. 2d 200.
No. 94-114. DAVIS v. NEW JERSEY BELL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1429.

No. 94-117. GRAVES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1231.

No. 94-118. D-LANDCO ET AL. V. OKLAHOMA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION. Ct. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-119. RANKINS ET AL. v. LOUISIANA STATE BOARD OF ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION. Ct. App. La., 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 So. 2d 548.

No. 94-120. BRICKER ET UX. V. ROCKWELL HANFORD OPERATIONS ET AL. C. -A. 9th, Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 598 and 22 F. 3d 871.
'No 94-121. SCHENCK V. COMMISSION ON JUDICIAL FITNESS AND DISABILITY OF OREGON. Sup. Ct. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 318 Ore. 402, 870 P. 2d 185.
No.. 94-122. LAWRENCE C. v. TIMOTHY L. ET AL. Sup. Ct. Wyo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 870 P. 2d 374.
No. 94-124. FORSYTH ET AL. V. VINES ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1527.
No. 94-125. MARINE TOWING, INC., ET AL. V. SPHERE DRAKE INSURANCE PLC. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 666.

872

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-126. WEATHERLY v. FEDERAL DEBT MANAGEMENT, INC. Sup. Ct. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 883 S. W. 2d 171.
No. 94-127. THESENVITZ ET AL. V. KAISER ENGINEERS HANFORD CO. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1090.
No. 94-128. GIVAN-HAMMOUD V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 251 Ill. App. 3d 1111, 661 N. E. 2d 1202.
No. 94-129. PERL v. HUNEGS. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-130. BACON V. WILSON. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-131. TREVINO v. LEEDS ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1171.
No. 94-132. STEPHENSON ET AL. V. WESTERN FARMERS ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE OF ANADARKO, OKLAHOMA. Ct. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 873 P. 2d 311.
No. 94-133. DIETRICH ET UX. V. SUN EXPLORATION & PRODUCTION CO. ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 427.
No. 94-137. SEAL v. SEAL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist.
Certiorari denied.
No. 94-142. AMBURGEY V. CITY OF COSTA MESA ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-143. NELSON ET AL. V. MASSACHUSETTS ET AL. App. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 Mass. App. 1105, 629 N. E. 2d 1017.
No. 94-145. CATHEDRAL OF Joy BAPTIST CHURCH ET AL. V. VILLAGE OF HAZEL CREST ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 713.
No. 94-147. UTAH ET AL. V. SALT LAKE COUNTY WATER CONSERVANCY DISTRICT. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1489.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-148. GOMEZ ET AL. v. HOUSING AUTHORITY OF CITY OF EL PASO ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1169.

No. 94-150. BOWLES v. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-151. ILLINOIS V. PAGE BOOKS, INC., DBA BACHELOR'S LIBRARY ADULT BOOKSTORE. App. Ct. Ill., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 235 Ill. App. 3d 765, 601 N. E. 2d 273.

No. 94-152. OTIS ET AL. V. CHICAGO & NORTH WESTERN TRANSPORTATION CO. Sup. Ct. Iowa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 514 N. W. 2d 90.

No. 94-153. COMMERCIAL UNION ASSURANCE CO., PLC, ET AL. V. MILKEN ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 608.

No. 94-154. MEMBERS OF THE CALIFORNIA REGIONAL WATER
QUALITY CONTROL BOARD ET AL. V. COMMITTEE TO SAVE THE MOKELUMNE RIVER. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 305.

No. 94-155. EZEOKE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1547.
No. 94-156. DIGIRLAMO v. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 816.

No. 94-157. WITTER ET UX. v. NESBIT. Ct. App. Tenn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 878 S. W. 2d 116.

No. 94-159. O'BRIEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 301.

No. 94-163. KANSAS V. VALENZUELA. Ct. App. Kan. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 Kan. App. 2d xliv, 870 P. 2d 50.

No. 94-164. MADISON COUNTY FISCAL COURT ET AL. v. HORN, BY HIS LIMITED CONSERVATOR, PARKS. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 653.

No. 94-165. SRINIVASAN V. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, Los ANGELES COUNTY (RIo HONDO COMMUNITY COLLEGE DIS-

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

TRICT, REAL PARTY IN INTEREST). Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-166. RAMIREZ V. PACIFIC MARITIME ASSN. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1088.
No. 94-170. ROSENFELD v. RIVER PLACE EAST HOUSING CORP. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 833.
No. 94-174. MITCHELL V. UNITED STATES; and SEAVER V. UNITED STATES. Ct. Mil. App. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 M. J. 131 (first case); 40 M. J. 293 (second case).
No. 94-175. BIEGELEISEN V. JACOBSON. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 1st Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reporte.d below: 198 App. Div. 2d 56, 603 N. Y. S. 2d 148.
No. 94-176. TELELECT, INC. v. FENSTERMACHER. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1121.
No. 94-177. BAMFORD ET AL. V. UPPER REPUBLICAN NATURAL RESOURCES DISTRICT. Sup. Ct. Neb. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 245 Neb. 299, 512 N. W. 2d 642.
No. 94-178. THOMPSON ET AL. v. KENTUCKY FRIED CHICKEN CORP. ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 428.
No. 94-180. JONES V. SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 466.
No. 94-181. SOWASHEE VENTURE V. EB, INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1077.

No. 94-184. MIRMAN V. SUPREME COURT OF NEW JERSEY ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 122.
No. 94-185. ANDREWS v. ALASKA OPERATING ENGINEERSEMPLOYERS TRAINING TRUST FUND. Sup. Ct. Alaska. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 871 P. 2d 1142.
No. 94-186. RAGLAND V. MINTER. Ct. App. Tex., 3d Dist. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-187. BRADLEY V. WEST VIRGINIA. Cir. Ct. Wood County, W. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-188. MILLER, ADMINISTRATRIX OF ESTATE OF MILLER, DECEASED V. KEYSTONE INSURANCE CO. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 535 Pa. 531, 636 A. 2d 1109.
No. 94-191. RUMSEY ET AL. V. NEW YORK STATE DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONAL SERVICES ET AL.; and
No. 94-232. NEW YORK STATE DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONAL SERVICES ET AL. V. RUMSEY ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 83.
No. 94-192. MOLDEA v. NEW YORK TIMES CO. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 310.
No. 94-193. BRIGHT ET AL. V. QSP, INC. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1300.
No. 94-194. CRAIG, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS ADMINISTRATRIX
OF THE ESTATE OF CRAIG, DECEASED V. ATLANTIC RICHFIELD
Co. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 472.
No. 94-195. PARKE-HAYDEN, INC. v. LOEWS THEATRE MANAGEMENT CORP. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1091.
No. 94-196. GROVE NORTH AMERICA, DIVISION OF KIDDE INDUSTRIES, INC. v. LOWE ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-198. KILE V. APPELLATE DEPARTMENT, SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF PLACER (TREPANTIS, REAL PARTY IN INTEREST). Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-199. PARSONS ET AL., CO-EXECUTORS OF THE ESTATE
OF BOWDEN, DECEASED V. DELAWARE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES, DIVISION OF SOCIAL SERVICES. Sup. Ct.
Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 A. 2d 837.
No. 94-200. HIGGINS ET AL. v. FEGLEY. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1126.
No. 94-205. FIELD V. EASTON ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 397.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-206. WRIGHT, DIRECTOR, ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC AID, ET AL. v. FRANCES J., BY HER GUARDIAN, MURPHY. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 337.

No. 94-209. MORALES, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF TEXAS, ET AL. v. FIRST GIBRALTAR BANK, FSB, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1032.

No. 94-210. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1099.

No. 94-213. MOORE v. FELGER ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1054.

No. 94-214. HUNTER V. NORTHROP UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF LAW. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-215. MURPHY V. INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 719.

No. 94-216. JAKABOVITZ V. CABRERA ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 372.

No. 94-217. DYER V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-222. INTERMEDICS, INC. V. VENTRITEX CO., INC., ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 139.

No. 94-224. SANTANA, AKA JULIO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 253.

No. 94-225. WVCH COMMUNICATIONS, INC., ET AL. V. UPPER PROVIDENCE TOWNSHIP ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
Reported below: 27 F. 3d 561.

No. 94-227. S-1 AND S-2, BY AND THROUGH THEIR PARENTS AND GUARDIANS AD LITEM, P-1 AND P-2, ET AL. V. STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION OF NORTH CAROLINA ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 49.

No. 94-228. KAREL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1054.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-229. FREDERICK V. STEPANIK, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT DALLAS, PENNSYLVANIA, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 556.
No. 94-230. HAYES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 304.
No. 94-233. TAPIA-ORTIZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 738.
No. 94-235. LAYNE V. WALTER INDUSTRIES, INC., GROUP
BENEFIT PLAN FOR SALARIED EMPLOYEES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 254.
No. 94-245. GAMBOA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1117.

No. 94-246. BROWN ET AL. V. PAIGE, STATE TAx COMMISSIONER OF WEST VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. App. W. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 191 W. Va. 120, 443 S. E. 2d 462.
No. 94-247. ScoPo v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 777.
No. 94-248. WEINGRAD v. DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK, APPELLATE DIVISION, FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 1st Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 196 App. Div. 2d 300, 609 N. Y. S. 2d 588.

No. 94-250. IN RE FORMAN. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 634 So. 2d 330.
No. 94-253. HELI-MEJIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 96.

No. 94-254. HENDERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 917.
No. 94-263. MILLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 194.
No. 94-266. WOLFSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1438.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-269. RUGIERO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1387.
No. 94-272. LEEDE EXPLORATION ET AL. v. NICOR EXPLORATION Co. Ct. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-276. NICHOLS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1108.
No. 94-278. GITTENS V. UNITED STATES. Ct. Mil. App. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 M. J. 328.
No. 94-284. BIERI ET AL. V. UNITED STATES (two cases). C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 811 (first case) and 819 (second case).
No. 94-285. SMITH V. UNITED STATES (two cases). C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 1421 (first case); 19 F. 3d 485 (second case).
No. 94-288. GASKO ET UX. V. CELOTEX CORP. ET AL. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-296. OCZKOWSKI V. YUDES. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-303. MEADE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1431.
No. 94-305. MOORE V. MEMBER DATA SERVICES, INC. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 19.
No. 94-306. HENDRICKSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 170.
No. 94-307. THIEL v. WISCONSIN. Sup. Ct. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 183 Wis. 2d 505, 515 N. W. 2d 847.
No. 94-318. SALTARIS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 135.
No. 94-320. KNIGHT V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVE-
NUE. C. A. 9th Cir, Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 632.
No. 94-345. GOETZ v. TORDOFF ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 432.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

. No. 94-5001. BURRESS V. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5002. DRUMMOND ET UX. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1091.

No. 94-5005. STEARMAN V. CITY OF GREENVILLE, TEXAS, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1215.

No. 94-5006. BROOKS v. FULTON DEPARTMENT OF FAMILY AND CHILDREN SERVICES ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1439.

No. 94-5007. CYPRIAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1189.

No. 94-5008. BROWN v. HOWARD-PALMER ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5009. RENGIFO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1097.

No. 94-5010, ROSA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certio-
rari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1531.

No. 94-5011. MILLIGAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 177.

No. 94-5012. ROSE v. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5013. 'HARRIS v. HATFIELD, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 427.

No. 94-501'4. IUSAN v. NEW YORK CITY DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING PRESERVATION AND DEVELOPMENT ET AL. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 2d Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 200 App. Div. 2d 654, 606 N. Y. S. 2d 771.

No. 94-5015. HALIM v. ACCU-LABS RESEARCH, INC. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1436.

No. 94-5017 GARDNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1200.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-5020. GREEN V. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 821.
No. 94-5021. PEABODY v. ARIZONA. Ct. App. Ariz. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5022. McDONALD v. BOYDSTON ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 240.
No. 94-5023. COLVIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5024. RADER v. LEWIS, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5025. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1107.

No. 94-5026. ALVAREZ CHAVEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 133.
No. 94-5027. BUCKALOo V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1443.
No. 94-5028. PRINTUP v. LOVE, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT HUNTINGDON. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5029. PiZZO v. RISINGER. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5030. THOMPSON v. RONE, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1221.
No. 94-5031. WILLIAMS V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TExAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 3 F. 3d 440.
No. 94-5033. CONROD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1170.
No. 94-5034. ZUNIGA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1254.
No. 94-5035. SLADE V. WRIGHT. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1430.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5036. CODY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1122.
No. 94-5037. ALVAREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1116.
No. 94-5039. SMITH v. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 937.
No. 94-5041. CHILDRESS V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 158 Ill. 2d 275, 633 N. E. 2d 635.
No. 94-5043. MARQUEZ v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OP' CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISIoN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 1241.
No. 94-5045. COLEMAN V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 158 Ill. 2d 319, 633 N. E. 2d 654.
No. 94-5046. KONTAKIS V. MORTON, ADMINISTRATOR, NEW JERSEY STATE PRISON, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 110.
No. 94-5047. KRAWCZUK V. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 634 So. 2d 1070.
No. 94-5049. WALKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 426.
No. 94-5050. SANDERS v. HARGETT, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5051. HALLMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 821.
No. 94-5052. GORTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 58.
No. 94-5053. FLORES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1169.
No. 94-5054. FOUST V. ORAL ROBERTS UNIVERSITY ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1121.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5056. HULETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 779.
No. 94-5057. ISBY V. WRIGHT, SUPERINTENDENT, MAXIMUM CONTROL COMPLEX. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 410.

No. 94-5058. GUTIERREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lith Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1439.
No. 94-5060. SANDERS V.UNITED STATES. Ct. Mil. App. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 M. J. 431.

No. 94-5061. SANFORD V. MUNICIPAL COURT CITRUS JUDICIAL DISTRICT ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 19 F. 3d 29.

No. 94-5063. STANSBURY V. DELAWARE. Sup. Ct. Del, Certiorari denied. Reported below: 591 A. 2d 188.

No. 94-5064. BROWNER v. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5065. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5066. BEDFORD V. OHIO; and BEUKE V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 68 Ohio. St. 3d 1453i 626 N. E. 2d 957.
No. 94-5067. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5069. GRUBE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 469.

No. 94-5071. HEAD v. NORTH CAROLINA PRISONER LEGAL SERVICES, INC. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 401.
.No. 94-5072. HEAD V. NORTH CAROLINA. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 563.

No. 94-5073. CARRIZALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 303.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5074. VINSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 431.
No. 94-076. DuNCAN v. DEL GROSSO ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 P. 3d 391.
No. 94-5076. PALOMINO-PEREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1464.
No. 94-5077. PETERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 540.
No. 94-5078. GARCIA QUINTANIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1438.
No. 94-5079. LLOYD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 1197.
No. 94-5080. ROGERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1109.
No. 94-5081. LUTCHER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1216.
No. 94-5082. RAMIREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 396.
No. 94-5084. RICCIARDI V. SCULLY, SUPERINTENDENT, GREEN HAVEN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 396.

No. 94-5085. MACIAS v. RAUL A. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 94.

No. 94-5086. LEWIS v. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, SANTA CLARA COUNTY, ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 6th App. Dist.
Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5087. CROSBY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 480.
No. 94-5088. BRYAN V. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 A. 2d 1123.
No. 94-5089. MCINTYRE v. LEAVITT ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 107.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5091. GOMEZ-MORALES V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-5141. GRISALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1092.
No. 94-5092. GENDREAU V. VERMONT. Sup. Ct. Vt. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 161 Vt. 645, 641 A. 2d 1349.
No. 94-5093. ESPARZA V. STICE, ASSISTANT DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OP CIIMINAL JU9TICE, 9UPPORT 9ERVICES DiviSION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 469.
No. 94-5094. HANKERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1173.
No. 94-5095. KING v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1117.
No. 94-5096. KAMAL v. BROWN. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5098. BUSH V. CRYSTAL HOMES, INC., ET AL.; BUSH V. CRYSTAL HOMES, INC.; and BUSH v. LONG ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1436.
No. 94-5100. BRAGGS v. MOBILE COUNTY HEALTH DEPARTMENT ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 57.
No. 94-5101. DELISLE V. IOWA. Sup. Ct. Iowa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 517 N. W. 2d 216.
No. 94-5102. DEERWESTER V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 249 Ill. App. 3d 1109, 660 N. E. 2d 569.
No. 94-5103. BATES v. BURTON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1175.
No. 94-5104. DUFFEY V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 536 Pa. 436, 639 A. 2d 1174.
No. 94-5105. BRANSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 113.
No. 94-5106. WALLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 12.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5108. THOMPSON V. KELLY, SUPERINTENDENT, ATTICA CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 450.
No. 94-5109. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1174.

No. 94-5110. ADAIR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 433.

No. 94-5111. DUSSAULT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211.

No. 94-5112. BOONE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 408.

No. 94-5113. HOLDEN v. ALASKA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1113.

No. 94-5114. FARMER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-5115. JAMES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1173.

No. 94-5116. EVANS v. OHIO. Ct. App. Ohio, Hamilton County. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5117. HALIM v. WIDNALL, SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1433.

No. 94-5118. SAVAGE ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 404.

No. 94-5119. TAMAYO V. BUTTERWORTH, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF FLORIDA. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 4 F. 3d 1000.

No. 94-5120. STROMAN V. WEST COAST GROCERY. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 29.

No. 94-5121. JENORIKI V. UNITED STATES POSTAL INSPECTION SERVICE OF HOUSTON, TEXAS, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 240.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 8, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-5123. MELVIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1221.
No. 94-5124. MARTINEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 202.
No. 94-5126. NOEL v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 397.
No. 94-5127. MOSES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 396.
No. 94-5128. MILLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 926.
No. 94-5129. MCCULLY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 712.
No. 94-5130. PINK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 426.
No. 94-5131. PATINO-CARDONA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1173.
No. 94-5132. PORTILLO-VALENZUELA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 393.
No. 94-5133. NADDI V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5134. BRELAND V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 397.
No. 94-5136. BOTELLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 409.
No. 94-5137. COWART v. HARGETT, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 642.
No. 94-5138. PAXTON V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 867 P. 2d 1309.
No. 94-5140. Soo Hoo v. UNITED STATES PAROLE COMMISSION. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1116.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5142. FLORES-RODRIGUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 30.
No.94-5143: GUINN V. COOPER, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 33.
No. 94-5145. CHAFFER v. LONG ET AL. Ct. App. Ohio, Hamilton County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5147. GONZALEZ V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1108.
No. 94-5149. FISHER'v. DUNCAN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5150. HENNING V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 427 Pa. Super. 642, 625 A. 2d 90.
No. 94-5151. GONZALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.' 'Reported below: 19 F. 3d 982.
No. 94-5152. ELLIS V. STAINER, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F.3d 1112.
No. 94-5153. GRANT V. SCULLY, SUPERINTENDENT, GREEN HAVEN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5154. ESPARZA v. DOE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 239.
No. 94-5155. WOODS V.- UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1098.
No. 94-5156. WILLIAMS V. HILL, SUPERINTENDENT, ODOM CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C.' A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 414.
No. 94-5157. TEJEDA V. SENKOWSKI, SUPERINTENDENT, CLINTON CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 397.
No. 94-5158. BURRESS V. CHRISTIANITY & CRISIS, INC., ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-5159. MOGHAL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1538.
No. 94-5160. LAWRENCE v. UNITED STATES; No. 94-5161. LAWRENCE V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-5224. LAWRENCE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 429.
No. 94-5162. OLSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 847.
No. 94-5163. MOODY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5164. MONTERO ET AL. V. MEYER ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 1444.
No. 94-5165. PRAIMNATH V. AMERICAN CABLEVISION OF QUEENS, INC. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1426.
No. 94-5166. MIDDLETON V. FORDICE ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 238.
No. 94-5167. SANTIAGO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1118.
No. 94-5169. SEATON v. ATTORNEY GRIEVANCE COMMISSION. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5170. AYALA v. LEONARDO, WARDEN. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 83.
No. 94-5172. JONES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 404.
No. 94-5173. JAMESON V. COUGHLIN, COMMISSIONER, NEW
YORK DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONAL SERVICES, ET AL. C. A.
2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 427.

No. 94-5174. FROMAL V. MCCAULEY ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 400.
No. 94-5175. KRISHNAMURTHY ET AL. v. NIMMAGADDA ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5176. DIGIANNI v. ABRAHAM & STRAUS, INC.; and No. 94-5361. DIGIANNI v. MACY'S NORTHEAST, INC. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 622.

No. 94-5177. BLEICKEN V. PERKINS ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 44.
No. 94-5179. GALBRAITH V. UNITED STATES. C..A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1054.
No. 94-5181. MCGILL v. FAULKNER ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 456.
No. 94-5182. RAKES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1430.

No. 94-5184. RIcco v. GALLO. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5185. MCBRIDE V. JARVIS, WARDEN (three cases). Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5186. NONNETTE V. BORG, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1115.
No. 94-5187. Russo v. NEW YORK. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 4th Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 201 App. Div. 2d 940, 607 N. Y. S. 2d 520.

No. 94-5188. MCCLUNG v. SMITH, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1429.

No. 94-5189. LEE V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir.
Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5190. SWANN V. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 247 Va. 222, 441 S. E. 2d 195.
No. 94-5191. SALIM V. UNITED STATES; and
No. 94-5476. KHAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1099.

No. 94-5192. SLEZAK ET AL. V. EVATT ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 590.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5193. WESLEY V.MARYLAND. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 98 Md. App. 747.
No. 94-5195. CHRISTIANSON V. RELFE ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5197. CURIALE ET UX. v. BURTON ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5199. KiKUTs v. CLINTON COUNTY SOCIAL SERVICES ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1091.
No. 94-5200. VALLERA V. ENDICOTT, SUPERINTENDENT, COLUMBIA CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5203. CERVANTES DEGORTARI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 304.
No. 94-5204. HINES v. ROCHA, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1113.
*No. 94-5205. BOMBELA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1116.
No. 94-5209. YBARRA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1173.
No. 94-5210. SILVA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1118.
No. 94-5211. BURDEN V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5212. DIGIOIA V. SENKOWSKI, SUPERINTENDENT, CLINTON CORRECTIONAL FACILITY, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5213. BALDWIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 166.
No. 94-5215. DAVIS v. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 3 F. 3d 438.
No. 94-5217. GARCIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir.
Certiorari denied, Reported below: 24 F. 3d 253.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5218. JACKSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below; 19 F. 3d 1003.
No. 94-5219. DOMINGUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1171.
No. 94-5221. MABERRY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1122.
No. 94-5223. MARSHALL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1431.
No. 94-5225. MOORE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 241.
No. 94-5226. MARIN-CARDONA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1097.
No. 94-5227. NOVENE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1221.
No. 94-5229. LASKA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 429.
No. 94-5230. ROBERTSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1030.
No. 94-5231. RUSSELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 426.
No. 94-5232. STERN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 124.
No. 94-5233. WASHINGTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 433.
No. 94-5234. VASQUEZ-LOPEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 900.
No. 94-5236. McGUIRE v. FARLEY, SUPERINTENDENT, INDIANA STATE PRISON. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 410.
No. 94-5237. LEE v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 335 N. C. 244, 439 S. E. 2d 547.
No. 94-5238. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 125.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5239. WASHINGTON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 165.
No. 94-5241. TORRES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5242. WILSON v. CITY OF BERKELEY ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 995 F. 2d 235.
No. 94-5243. SLADE V. CLARKE ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1430.
No. 94-5244. WILLIAMS V. GEORGIA. Ct. App. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 211 Ga. App. 393, 439 S. E. 2d 11.
No. 94-5245. CASILLA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 600.
No. 94-5246. LUCAS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 596.
No. 94-5247. CONNOR v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 397.
No. 94-5248. SLOAN V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1109.
No. 94-5249. ABENGOWE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1439.
No. 94-5250. ANGHELUTA v. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5251. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 5 F. 3d 1500.
No. 94-5253. MOBLEY V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5257. BOLTON ET UX. v. HARGETT, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5259. BERGEN V.WOOD. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 Cal. App. 4th 854, 18 Cal. Rptr. 2d 75.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5260. D'SOUZA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1091.
No. 94-5262. HYDE v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 112.
No. 94-5263. GOWENS V. ALABAMA. Ct. Crim. App. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 639 So. 2d 524.
No. 94-5264. EVANS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 135.
No. 94-5266. SAUNDERS V. CITY OF BEVERLY ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 123.
No. 94-5267. WILSON v. BOWLEN, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5268. GUZMAN-SALGUERO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 253.
No. 94-5269. GREEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1058.

No. 94-5270. HOLLAND V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1175.
No. 94-5272. BELL v. GARNER, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1093.
No. 94-5273. BELL V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT
OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5274. GALLANT V. MAGNUSSON, WARDEN. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5275. HAMILTON V. SEAL, ACTING DIRECTOR, ACTION, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 432.
No. 94-5276. Epps v. IOWA. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 432.
No. 94-5280. PORTILLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 290.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5282. RUSSELL V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5283. MCCULLOUGH V. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5284. PRESTON V. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5285. ASHFORD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 16.
No. 94-5286. JACKSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 250.
No. 94-5287. KRIKAVA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 433.
No. 94-5289. DAVIS v. CHAMPION, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1121.
No. 94-5290. CHAVEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1099.
No. 94-5292. BRONSON V. DOMOVICH, SUPERINTENDENT,
STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT PITTSBURGH, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5295. CARR v. LEWIS, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPART-
MENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A, 9th Cir, Certiorari de-
nied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1111.
No. 94-5296. BENINCASA v. BENINCASA. Ct. App. Ohio, Muskingum County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5297. WILLIAMS V. JIM WALTERS RESOURCES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1175.
No. 94-5298. LEWIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1124.
No. 94-5299. MULLINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 125.
No. 94-5300. PONTILLO V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-5524. BRADY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 282.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5301. SOWELL V. SMITH ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 424.

No. 94-5302. SPENCER V. WORTHINGTON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5303. STONE V. UNITED STUDENT AID FUNDS, INC. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 410.

No. 94-5304. TAYLOR V. BERNSTEIN. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637. A. 2d 829.
No. 94-5305. WRIGHT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1438.
No. 94-5306. HAYES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 408.
No. 94-5307. FLETCHER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1058.

No. 94-5308. FRIEND V. UNITED TECHNOLOGIES/HAMILTON STANDARD ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 246.
No. 94-5309. GAINER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1122.
No. 94-5310. JERRY v. DOMOVICH, SUPERINTENDENT, PENNSYLVANIA STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT PITTSBURGH, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5311. HIGGASON V. ADANK ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5312. MCPETERS V. CALDERON, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5314. STAMEY V. WINN ET AL. 'C.A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1559.

No. 94-5315. STEFFEN V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 68 Ohio St. 3d 1462, 627 N. E. 2d 1002.

No. 94-5317. FOGLEMAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 124.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-5320. MOLINA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1118.
No. 94-5321. GRUBBS V.WESTERN BAPTIST HOSPITAL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1048.
No. 94-5323. MAGEE V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1108.
No. 94-5325. PATRICIA M. v. SAN DIEGO COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5327. SJOGREN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1094.

No. 94-5328. WEST V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 252.

No. 94-5329. EASLEY v. TEXAS. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 16.

No. 94-5330. EASLEY V. MARTIN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 15.

No. 94-5331. FERTEL-RUST v. CITY OF WAUWATOSA, WISCONSIN, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5332. TAYLOR v. STEPANIK, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE
CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT DALLAS, PENNSYLVANIA, ET AL.
C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1488.
No. 94-5333. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1393.

No. 94-5335. BRUMBY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 47.
No. 94-5339. COTHRAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1124.
No. 94-5340. COBB V. MISSOURI. Sup. Ct. Mo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 875 S. W. 2d 533.

No. 94-5343. WEINSTEIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 340.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5344. TRICE v. AGER ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5345. NGENEGBO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 404.
No. 94-5346. PLOURDE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 395.
No. 94-5347. MCCOMBS v. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5348. MLADOSICH-NAVEJAR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1118.
No. 94-5349. POWE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 36.
No. 94-5350. MARTIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1124.
No. 94-5351. RUSSEL V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App.
Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5353. MARLOW V. OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1091.
No. 94-5355. TAYLOR V. PETERS ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 605.
No. 94-5357. HOUSE v. CLARKE COUNTY COMMISSION. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 662 So. 2d 927.
No. 94-5358. HUGHES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 949.
No. 94-5359. KENNEDY V. ZIMMERMAN, SUPERINTENDENT,
PENNSYLVANIA STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT WAYMART, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 122.
No. 94-5362. DIGIANNI V. STERN'S; and No. 94-5363. DIGIANNI v. BLOOMINGDALE'S, INC. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 346.

898

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5364. WARREN V. COLE. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5365. DANIEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1108.
No, 94-5366. CORREIA V. CONNECTICUT. App. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 Conn. App. 457, 636 A. 2d 860.
No. 94-5367. MOORE v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct: N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 335 N. C. 567, 440 S. E. 2d 797.
No. 94-5368. PESEK V. COURT OF APPEALS OF WISCONSIN, THIRD DISTRICT, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Wis. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5369. MEHIO v. GRABER ET AL. Ct. App. Utah. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5371. HANEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1413.
No. 94-5372. HILLIARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5373. FRUMENTINO V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 256 Ill. App. 3d 1100, 671 N. E. 2d 833.
No. 94-5375. HOFFMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. .9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 808.
No. 94-5376. RICHMOND V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 Cal. App. 4th 942, 26 Cal. Rptr. 2d 580.
No. 94-5377. ROLLINGS V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5378. MCDANIEL v. FIRST CITIZENS BANK & TRUST Co. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5379. LANIER v. HAYNES ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 819.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5383. ROGERS V. ZANT, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 384.
No. 94-5385. ACOSTA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 108.
No. 94-5386. ROARK v. JACKSON COUNTY. Ct. App. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 124 Ore. App. 505, 863 P. 2d 491.
No. 94-5388. QUINTERO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below. 20 F. 3d 600.
No. 94-5389. LYONS V. SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA RAPID TRANSIT DiSTmIr. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5390. MCQUEEN v. BRISTER, JUDGE, TEXAS DISTRICT COURT, 234TH DISTRICT. Sup. Ct. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5391. RODEN V. SMITH ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5392. LAWAL v. SOUTHERN BELL TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH Co. Ct. App. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 209 Ga. App. XXVIII.
No. 94-5393. MCDERMOTT v. LYNCH ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 566.
No. 94-5394. LowE v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5396. DUSENBERY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below- 9 F. 3d 110.
No. 94-5397. TRAIL ET UX. v. RICHARDSON, COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1108.
No. 94-5399. PARKER V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-5400. MENDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 15.
No. 94-5401. SANCHEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 135.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5402. WALTERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1099.
No. 94-5405. FORD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 374.
No. 94-5407. ZIEREIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1119.
No. 94-5408. DUMORNAY V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1056.
No. 94-5409. BROWN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 423.
No. 94-5411. CAMPBELL V. SHEEHAN, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5414. SCHULTZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1212.
No. 94-5415. BOYD v. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5418. HARVEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 109.
No. 94-5420. ARNSTEIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1111.
No. 94-5422. DEMOLFETTO ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 477.

No. 94-5424. SMITH V. MAASS, SUPERINTENDENT, OREGON STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 251.
No. 94-5425. WALKER V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5426. SHACKELFORD V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 135.
No. 94-5428. VEGA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 560.
No. 94-5431. TICHIO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 670.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5432. SMITH V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT, NORTHERN DISTRICT OF INDIANA. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5433. GORDON V. NAGLE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. l1th
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 640.
No. 94-5434. HARWOOD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1051.
No. 94-5435. JACQUES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 559.
No. 94-5436. HAMPTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1059.
No. 94-5437. JONES V. IDAHO. Sup. Ct. Idaho. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 125 Idaho 477, 873 P. 2d 122.
No. 94-5438. HIGGINS V. NEAL, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5439. FERTEL-RUST v. SECURITY BANK SSB OF MILWAUKEE ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5443. SHANNON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 77.
No. 94-5444. WORTHINGTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 429.
No. 94-5445. STOTTS V. KERNAN, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1116.
No. 94-5447. DELARCO v. FLORIDA. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 3d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 629 So. 2d 140.
No. 94-5448. MORA CARRILLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 617.
No. 94-5449. DE LEON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1093.
No. 94-5450. COLEMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 37 and 251.
No. 94-5452. BIBBINS V. NEW YORK. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 13.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5453. FOLLINS v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1102.
No. 94-5454. HERRIMAN v. NAGLE, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5456. LILLY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1041.
No. 94-5458. MCCRARY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1047.
No. 94-5459. MCCOSTLIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1125.
No. 94-5460. ROSSER v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1125.
No. 94-5461. REID V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 114.
No. 94-5462. PADILLA-CASTILLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1118.
No. 94-5464. AMSDEN V. PROFESSIONAL CONDUCT COMMITTEE, NEW HAMPSHIRE SUPREME COURT. Sup. Ct. N. H. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5465. COOPER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1430.
No. 94-5466. DEATON V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 635 So. 2d 4.
No. 94-5468. TURNER V. UNIVERSITY HOUSING. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1214.
No. 94-5471. CAIN V. MISSOURI STATE BOARD OF PODIATRY MEDICINE. Ct. App. Mo., Western Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 872 S. W. 2d 508.
No. 94-5472. VINESKI V. SCULLY, SUPERINTENDENT, GREEN HAVEN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 621.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5473. FERTEL-RUST v. CITY OF MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN (two cases). C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5474. KLANG V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 254.
No. 94-5477. GRAHAM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 391.
No. 94-5479. HARMON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 425.
No. 94-5481. BENSON V. MARSHALL, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 104.
No. 94-5482. ACOSTA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 36.
No. 94-5483. BAUER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5485. GLASS v. BOOTHBY. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 673.
No. 94-5487. GREY v. RUTT ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 106.
No. 94-5488. HAYS V. KLAUSER, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1113.
No. 94-5489. GARVEY V. SZABO, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 218.
'No. 94-5490. GORLOV V. NEW YORK CITY DEPARTMENT OF
SOCIAL SERVICES, HUMAN RESOURCES ADMINISTRATION (two
cases). C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5491. GUICHARD V. WISNIESKI ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 236.
No. 94-5492. FLOYD v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 623.
No. 94-5493. JOHNSON v. DUNCAN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 131.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5494. GOOD v. NEW CASTLE YOUTH DEVELOPMENT CENTER. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5495. JOHNSON v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5496. KELLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 936.
No. 94-5497. GORDON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1387.
No. 94-5498. RAE v. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5500. PAGAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 102.
No. 94-5501. PIERVINANZI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 670.
No. 94-5502. LOPEZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported. below: 26 F. 3d 1120.
No. 94-5504. LOGAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 429.
No. 94-5505. REES V. REYES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5506. PRUITT V. HANNIGAN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1058.
No. 94-5507. REID V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 537 Pa. 167, 642 A. 2d 453.
No. 94-5508. BRANT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 559.
No. 94-5509. COOPER V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1430.
No. 94-5510. MACKALL v. THOMPSON, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5511. ARMSTRONG V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 409.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5515. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 559.
No. 94-5517. ELDEEB V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 841.
No. 94-5518. KING v. WHITE, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1113.
No. 94-5519. T. H. v. T. H. App. Ct. Ill., 5th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 255 Ill. App. 3d 247, 626 N. E. 2d 403.
No. 94-5520. DONOVAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 908.
No. 94-5521. TEMPLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1052.
No. 94-5523. KRUEGER v. SAIKI, ADMINISTRATOR, SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1285.
No. 94-5525. CICERO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1156.
No. 94-5526. SCALICE v. DAVIES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 249.
No. 94-5528. RAMOS BEAUCHAMP v. BOARD OF BAR EXAMINERS. Sup. Ct. P. R. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5529. SOTO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 252.
No. 94-5531. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1230.
No. 94-5532. CLONTS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1058.
No. 94-5533. VASHONE v. EMBRY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1123.
No. 94-5534. YOVEV v. KERN COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5535. LEWIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 79.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5536. ROBERTSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1318.
No. 94-5537. MANESS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1006.
No. 94-5538. LIEDTKE V. STATE BAR OF TEXAS ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 315.
No. 94-5539. RAZOR-BEY V. JABE, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5540. RILEY v. NEW JERSEY. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5541. LINDSAY V. MOZINGO ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 237.
No. 94-5542. MEDINA V. QUAMME. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5543. LEONARD V. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1108.
No. 94-5544. MARTIN V. INITIAL U. S. A. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1438.
No. 94-5546. ADAIR V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5547. ADAMS v. CONNECTICUT. App. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5548. BIGHOM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1098.
No. 94-5549. BAKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1278.
No. 94-5550. BECERRA-FLORES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 250.
No. 94-5552. DUNCAN v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5553. HUDSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 433.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5554. HUBBARD V.ROESCH. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 407.

No. 94-5556. HANNA, AKA WEECH V. UNITED STATES. C. A.
11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1438.
No. 94-5558. THODY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 978 F. 2d 625.
No. 94-5559. GARCIA TOVAREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1095.
No. 94-5561. BOYD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 564.
No. 94-5562. BRAGGS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1047.
No. 94-5563. BROWN v. WASHINGTON. Ct. App. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 71 Wash. App. 1073.
No. 94-5564. CLYBURN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 613.
No. 94-5565. CARRio v. HEMSTREE ET AL. Ct. App. Tex.,
14th Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5566. TAPIA-HERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 570.
No. 94-5567. JAVIER VALENZUELA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 397.
No. 94-5568. WAINWRIGHT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1229.
No. 94-5569. COLEMAN V. PETERS, SUPERINTENDENT, WATERTOWN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5570. PERRY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 409.
No. 94-5571. MCKNIGHT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1139.
No. 94-5572. LONG v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1099.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5573. MANGINO v. DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1437.
No. 94-5575. CASAL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1437.

No. 94-5576. CROSS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1051.
No. 94-5582. EDWARDS V. MICHIGAN. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 445 Mich. 879, 519 N. W. 2d 886.
No. 94-5583. KRIEGH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-5584. GREEN ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 4 F. 3d 987.

No. 94-5585. GARCIA V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 1487.
No. 94-5586. JACOBSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 2 F. 3d 1158.
No. 94-5587. JOSE M. v. SAN DIEGO COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF
SOCIAL SERVICES. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 7 Cal. 4th 295, 867 P. 2d 706.
No. 94-5589. CHOWDHURY V. SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA COACH
ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5591. BERCOVICI V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH
AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Re-
ported below: 22 F. 3d 1092.

No. 94-5592. SIMMONS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 403.

No. 94-5593. BENNATT V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5595. FULLARD V. MARYLAND. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 98 Md. App. 738.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5598. SNEAD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 560.
No. 94-5604. REYNOLDS v. TENNESSEE. Ct. Crim. App. Tenn. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5605. OYLER V. ALLENBRAND ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 292.
No. 94-5612. HALE v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 630 So. 2d 521.
No. 94-5613. LOWRY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 641.
No. 94-5614. SHABAZZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 560.
No. 94-5616. SORENSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 252.
No. 94-5620. HILL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1042.
No. 94-5621. GRIER ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211.
No. 94-5622. BRITTINGHAM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 124.
No. 94-5624. BLANC V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1029.
No. 94-5625. BACA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 250.
No. 94-5628. GILBERT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1058.
No. 94-5629. GOMEZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 924.
No. 94-5631. DUSENBERY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1048.
No. 94-5632. AGOFSKY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 866.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5635. CRUZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 96.

No. 94-5638. BENEBY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 237.

No. 94-5639. SCHNEIDER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 572.

No. 94-5640. DEL HIERRO-VARGAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 238.

No. 94-5643. LIVSEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-5645. MARTINEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 444.
No. 94-5646. MERCIER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 254.

No. 94-5648. RAMOS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 254.

No. 94-5649. MADRIGAL-MACEDA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 134.

No. 94-5653. WALLACE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 84.
No. 94-5654. VELA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 924.
No. 94-5658. WILSON v. HAMES, COMMISSIONER, ALASKA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 252.

No. 94-5663. AVERY v. ROBERTSON ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1099.
No. 94-5666. GARZA ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 1 F. 3d 330.
No. 94-5669. BAUER V. UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5670. HAYNES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1042.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5674. MACK V. STONE,' SECRETARY OF THE ARMY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5679. MORROW v. UNITED" STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F 3d 255.
No. 94-9990. ROELEDO-GRIMALDO -v. -UNITED STATE9. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 236.
No. 94-5681. FLANAGAN ET UX. v. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION ET AL. (two cases). C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 248 (first case) and 245 (second case).
No. 94-5682. GLEASON V. UNITED STATES' C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 605.
No. 94-5687. BUSTOS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 238.
No. 94-5688. BURLESON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 93.
No. 94-5689. DIAZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 116.
No. 94-5690. ESTEVEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1051.
No. 94-5695. NELSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 238.
No. 94-5698. MILWOOD V. MANN, SUPERINTENDENT, SHAWANGUNK CORRECTIONAL FACILITY, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5708. SCHOENBORN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1438.
No. 94-5710. VEGAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 773.
No. 94-5711. WITTMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 239.
No. 94-5715. VELASQUEZ CONTRERAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1058.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5717. HERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 354.
No. 94-5725. INGRAM V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 643 A. 2d 364.
No. 94-5726. BULLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 428.
No. 94-5727. BARO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari dnnind. Roportod Wlow! 15 F. Rd MR.
No. 94-5728. DYKES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1122.
No. 94-5729. BERRY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 428.
No. 94-5730. AZUOGU V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1044.
No. 94-5731. VELEZ-MORALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 738.
No. 94-5739. CAINE V. MILWAUKEE MACK SALES, INC. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5740. HOUSTON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 250.
No. 94-5741. GROSSMAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1170.
No. 94-5742. EVANS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1493.
No. 94-5746. ORTIZ-MARQUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-5748. PINEDA-MORALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 253.
No. 94-5749. OKIYAMA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 134.
No. 94-5750. MIMS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1492.

ORDERS

913

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 94-5752. LOVE v. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5753. PEREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 565.

No. 94-5754. MATTHEWS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1042.

No. 94-5757. MOSELEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 19.
No. 94-5758. LONGORIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1107.
No. 94-5759. MCCARTY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5762. RINARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5763. CARMICHAEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1041.

No. 94-5764. BARNES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 403.

No. 94-5765. KESSLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1498.

No. 94-5768. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5772. WILSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1041.
No. 94-5774. CAMPBELL V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 69 Ohio St. 3d 38, 630 N. E. 2d 339.
No. 94-5783. CUNNINGHAM V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1051.
No. 94-5789. ROBINSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 320.
No. 94-5790. NIEBLA-PACHECO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5795. TOLEDO-YIN V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1051.
No. 94-5802. HURTADO-OLIVERO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 240.
No. 94-5824. MCINTYRE v. CROUCH ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 402.
No. 93-1669. ARAVE, WARDEN v. FETTERLY. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 997 F. 2d 1295.
No. 93-1824. PENNSYLVANIA V. TRAVIS. Super. Ct. Pa. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 428 Pa. Super. 621, 626 A. 2d 650.
No. 93-1844. CALIFORNIA V. PIMENTEL. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1875. RISON ET AL. V. DEMJANJUK ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Motion of respondent John Demjanjuk for leave to proceed informa pauperisgranted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 338.
No. 93-1898. FLORIDA V. SMITH. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 5th Dist. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 632 So. 2d 1086.
No. 93-2021. ALABAMA V.HANSBROUGH. C. A. 11th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 143.
No. 94-43. HARPER ET AL. V. MUJAHID, AKA SMITH. C. A.. 9th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 28.
No. 93-1782. SWEENEY, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS TRUSTEE 'OF
THE MAPLE LEAF TRUST AND OF THE CANADIAN REALTY TRUST,
ET AL. v. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

No. 93-1891. MACARIo, ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ESTATE OF MACARIO, DECEASED V. PRATT & WHITNEY CANADA, INC., ET AL.
C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1430.
No. 93-1960. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL CORP. V. M/T LOIRE ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1079.
No. 93-2070. TExAS EASTERN TRANSMISSION CORP. v. FIDEL-
ITY & CASUALTY INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW YORK ET AL.
C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1230 and 1249.
No. 93-2092. MANSON ET AL. V. STACESCU ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 1127.
No. 93-2099. EDWARDS V.FIRST AMERICAN TITLE INSURANCE CO. ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1427.
No. 93-9012. GEORGACARAKOS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 7 F. 3d 218.
No. 93-9099. SCOTT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 93-9137. DONOVAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 93-9322. GALLAGHER v. FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE
ASSOCIATION. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 401.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 93-9714. SABETTI V. DIPAOLO. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 16.
No. 93-9780. DUPONT v. DUBOISE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 94-39. STERN ET AL. V. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 746.
No. 94-58. GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORP. ET AL. V. NA-
TIONAL UNION FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF PITTSBURGH,
PENNSYLVANIA. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 323.
No. 94-94. WOODSON CONSTRUCTION Co. v. AMOCO PIPELINE
Co. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 935.

No. 94-5122. ENO v. DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 401.
No. 93-1810. FRANCIS v. AMERICAN TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH Co. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 409.
No. 93-1912. RIDGEWAY ET AL. v. PFIZER, INC., ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 600.
No. 93-1987. KELLY, MAYOR OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, ET AL. V. SPRINT COMMUNICATIONS Co. ET AL.; and
No. 94-95. SPRINT COMMUNICATIONS Co. ET AL. V. KELLY, MAYOR OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, ET AL. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consid-

ORDERS

513 U.S.

October 3, 1994

eration or decision of these petitions. Reported below: 642 A. 2d 106.
No. 93-2052. ALBRECHT ET AL. V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA ET AL. C. A.
11th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 93-9512. HANH LE v. E. I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS & CO.,
INC., ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 302.
No. 94-134. SAWTELL V. E. I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS & Co., INC. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 248.
No. 94-239. VOAKES v. AT&T COMMUNICATIONS, INC., ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 21 Cal. App. 4th 1673, 26 Cal. Rptr. 2d 802.
No. 93-1971. FITCH ET AL. V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF ARIZONA (FIRST INTERSTATE BANK
OF ARIZONA ET AL., REAL PARTIES IN INTEREST). C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of Chuck Walker et al. for leave to intervene denied. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-1993. WELLS FARGO & CO. ET AL. v. GREENWALD ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Motions of American Bankers Association and American Electronics Association et al. for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 922.
No. 93-1995. ANR PIPELINE CO. ET AL. V. DIRECTOR OF PROP-
ERTY VALUATION, KANSAS DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE. Sup. Ct.
Kan. Motions of Committee on State Taxation, Interstate Natural Gas Association of America, and Western Resources, Inc., et al. for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 254 Kan. 534, 866 P. 2d 1060.
No. 93-2006. BANCA NAZIONALE DEL LAVORO V. SMS HASENCLEVER GMBH. Ct. App. Ga. Motion of U. S. Council on International Banking, Inc., et al. for leave to file a brief as amici

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 1994

513 U. S.

curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 211 Ga. App. 360, 439 S. E. 2d 502.
No. 93-2014. FOXMEYER DRUG CO. V. COOPERS & LYBRAND. C. A. 3d Cir. Petition for writ of certiorari and/or mandamus denied.
No. 93-2067. WHITE ET AL. V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Motion of petitioners to strike portions of the brief in opposition denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 158 Ill. 2d 432, 634 N. E. 2d 733.

No. 93-2096. BONSER v. TOWN OF NOTTINGHAM, NEW HAMP-
SHIRE. Sup. Ct. N. H. Motion of Terry L. Bonser and Mary L. Parks for substitution as petitioners in place of Robert A. Bonser, deceased, granted. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-2097. BONSER V. TOWN OF NOTTINGHAM, NEW HAMPSHIRE. Sup. Ct. N. H. Motion of Terry L. Bonser and Mary L. Parks for substitution as petitioners in place of Robert A. Bonser, deceased, granted. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9035. QUIBAN V.DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. D. C. Cir. Motion of Gilbert M. Mendoza for substitution in his capacity as personal representative of Felomina Quiban, deceased, granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 928 F. 2d 1154.

No. 93-9153. ANA G. v. ORANGE COUNTY SOCIAL SERVICES AGENCY. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Motion of California Public Defenders Association for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9261. LEWIS v. SHARP ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion
of petitioner to strike brief in opposition denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 306.

No. 93-9319. CHAKLOS V. DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY. C. A. Fed. Cir. Motion of petitioner to defer consideration of petition for writ of certiorari denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 968 F. 2d 1226.

No. 94-20. PACIFIC NORTHWEST VENISON PRODUCERS ET AL.
v. SMITCH, DIRECTOR OF WASHINGTON DEPARTMENT OF WILD-
LIFE, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of North American Elk

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 3, 1994

Breeders Association et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1008.
No. 94-68. RHODE ISLAND ET AL. V. NARRAGANSETT INDIAN TRIBE ET AL. ;C. A. 1st Cir. Motion of Claiborne Pell et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 685.
No. 94-87. .ETHICON, INC. V. EISENMENGER, AN INCAPACI-
TATED PERSON, BY EISENMENGER, HER GUARDIAN AND CONSER-
VATOR. Sup. Ct. Mont. Motion of American Cyanamid Co. et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. -JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion and ,this petition. " Reported below: 264 Mont. 393, 871 P. 2d 1313.
No. 94-97. TAYLOR, WARDEN V. EVANS-SMITH. C. A. 4th Cir. Motion of Criminal Justice Legal Foundation for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 899.
No. 94-123. ADVANCE SECURITY, INC., ET AL. V. MULHALL.
C. A. 11th Cir. Motion of Equal Employment Advisory Council for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 586.
No. 94-281. W. R. GRACE & COMPANY-CONN. V. STATE FARM MUTUAL AUTOMOBILE INSURANCE CO. C. A. 7th Cir. Motion of respondent for award of damages denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 955.
No. 94-5048. VERNON v. BENSON, WARDEN, ET AL.; and No. 94-5146. BRELAND V. BENSON, WARDEN, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Minn. Motions of Minnesota for leave to intervene denied. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5125. MILTON V. UNITED STATES. C A' D C. Cir.
Certiorari denied. JUSTICE THOMAS took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 39.
No. 94-5254. McGEE v. BLOCK. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Motion of petitioner to defer consideration of petition for writ of certiorari denied. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5478. HANNA V. WASHINGTON. Sup. Ct. Wash. Motion of Washington Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers for

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 3, 4, 7, 1994

513 U. S.

leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 123 Wash. 2d 704, 871 P. 2d 135.
No. 94-5527 (A-125). TOEGEMANN V. RHODE ISLAND. C. A. 1st Cir. Application for stay, addressed to JUSTICE GINSBURG and referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5580. GERMANY V. WILSON ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Motion of respondents for sanctions denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 563.
Rehearing Denied
No. 93-8257. ALLEN V. ILLINOIS, 511 U. S. 1075; No. 93-8427. JONES V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, 512 U.S. 1239; and No. 93-8516. PARRIS V. UNITED STATES, 511 U. S. 1144. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 93-8426. HARPER V. INTERIOR BOARD OF LAND APPEALS, 512 U. S. 1239; and
No. 93-9298. DAMATTA-OLIVERA V. UNITED STATES, 512 U. S. 1244. Motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.

OCTOBER 4, 1994
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 93-9777. GEARY v. NEVADA. Sup. Ct. Nev. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.1. Reported below: 110 Nev. 261, 871 P. 2d 927.

CertiorariGranted OCTOBER 7, 1994
No. 93-1408. NEW YORK STATE CONFERENCE OF BLUE
CROSS & BLUE SHIELD PLANS ET AL. v. TRAVELERS INSURANCE
CO. ET AL.;
No. 93-1414. CUOMO, GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK, ET AL. V. TRAVELERS INSURANCE CO. ET AL.; and
No. 93-1415. HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION OF NEW YORK STATE v. TRAVELERS INSURANCE CO. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari in Nos. 93-1408 and 93-1414 granted. Certiorari in No. 93-1415 granted limited to Question 1 presented by the petition. Cases consolidated and a total of one hour allotted for oral argument.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 7, 1994

Briefs of petitioners are to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Wednesday, November 16, 1994. Briefs of respondents are to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 13, 1994. Reply briefs, if any, are to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 29, 1994. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 708.
No. 93-1911. SANDIN, UNIT TEAM MANAGER, HALAWA COR-
RECTIONAL FACILITY V. CONNER ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari granted limited to Question 1 presented by the petition. Brief of petitioner is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Wednesday, November 16, 1994. Briefs of respondents are to be filed with the Clerk and
served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 13, 1994. A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 29, 1994. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1463.

No. 94-2. REYNOLDSVILLE CASKET CO. ET AL. V. HYDE. Sup.
Ct. Ohio. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioners is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Wednesday, November 16, 1994. Brief of respondent is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 13, 1994. A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on
or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 29, 1994. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 68 Ohio St. 3d 240, 626 N. E. 2d 75.

No. 94-18. MASTROBUONO ET AL. V. SHEARSON LEHMAN HUTTON, INC., ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioners is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Wednesday, November 16, 1994. Brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 13, 1994. A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon
opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 29, 1994. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 713.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 7, 11, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-197. ANDERSON, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES, ET AL. V. GREEN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioners is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Wednesday, November 16, 1994. Brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 13, 1994. A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 29, 1994. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 95.
No. 94-286. FREIGHTLINER CORP. ET AL. V. MYRICK ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Motions of American Trucking Associations, Inc., and Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioners is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Wednesday, November 16, 1994. Brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Tuesday, December 13, 1994. A reply brief, if any, is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, December 29, 1994. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 1516.
OCTOBER 11, 1994
CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 93-9597. STENNETT V. TEXAS. Ct. App. Tex., 14th Dist. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Department of Revenue of Mont. v. Kurth Ranch, 51i U. S. 767 (1994).
No. 93-9673. GIBBS v. FRANKLIN ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Farmer v. Brennan, 511 U. S. 825 (1994). Reported below: 18 F. 3d 521.
No. 94-5183. MICKENS V. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Simmons v. South Carolina, 512 U. S. 154 (1994). Reported below: 247 Va. 395, 442 S. E. 2d 678.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

October 11, 1994

CertiorariDismissed
No. 93-8709. OWEN v. NEBRASKA (two cases). Ct. App. Neb. Certiorari dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Reported below: 4 Neb. App. 382, 510 N. W. 2d 503 (first case); 2 Neb. App. 195, 508 N. W. 2d 299 (second case).

Miscellaneous Orders. (See also No. 93-9220, ante, p. 1.)

No. -

. CHAPMAN v. BRYAN ET AL.; and

No. -

. SIGLER v. TWYFORD ET AL. Motions to direct

the Clerk to file petitions for writs of certiorari out of time denied,

No. D-1417. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ASBELL. Disbarment entered. (For earlier order herein, see 512 U.S. 1267.].

No. D-1419. IN RE DISBARMENT OF LASHLEY. Douglas L. Lashley, of Olney, Md., having requested to resign as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court. The rule to show cause, heretofore issued on August 2, 1994 [512 U. S. 1267], is hereby discharged.

No. D-1421. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SLAN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1267.]

No. D-1431. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SCHMIEDER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1269.]

No. D-1461. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WEINFELD. It is ordered that David Michael Weinfeld, of Meadowbrook, Pa., be suspended
from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1462. IN RE DISBARMENT OF O'KEEFE. It is ordered that Michael Phillip O'Keefe, of Overland Park,. Kan., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. 108, Orig. NEBRASKA V. WYOMING ET AL. Third Interim Report of the Special Master on Motions to Amend Pleadings received and ordered filed. Exceptions to the Report, with supporting briefs, may be filed by the parties within 45 days. Reply

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 11, 1994

513 U.S.

briefs, if any, may be filed by the parties within 30 days. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., 511 U. S. 1066.]
No. 120, Orig. NEW JERSEY V. NEW YORK. It is ordered that Paul Verkuil, Esq., of Heathrow, Fla., be appointed Special Master in this case with authority to fix the time and conditions for the filing of additional pleadings and to direct subsequent proceedings, and with authority to summon witnesses, issue subpoenas, and take such evidence as may be introduced and such as he may deem it necessary to call for. The Special Master is directed to submit such reports as he may deem appropriate.
The compensation of the Special Master, the allowances to him, the compensation paid to his legal, technical, stenographic and clerical assistants, the cost of printing his report, and all other proper expenses, including travel expenses, shall be charged
against and be borne by the parties in such proportion as the
Court may hereafter direct. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., 511 U. S. 1080.]
No. 93-1121. PLAUT ET AL. v. SPENDTHRIFT FARM, INC., ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 511 U. S. 1141.] Motion of Washington Legal Foundation for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted.
No. 93-1462. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS
ET AL. V. RAMON MORALES. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1287.] Motion of respondent for appointment of counsel granted, and it is ordered that James R. Asperger, Esq., of Los Angeles, Cal., be appointed to serve as counsel for respondent in this case.
No. 93-1543. McKENNON v. NASHVILLE BANNER PUBLISHING Co. C. A. 6th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 511 U. S. 1106.] Motions of Equal Employment Advisory Council and Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted.
No. 93-1677. OKLAHOMA TAx COMMISSION V. JEFFERSON LINES, INC. C. A. 8th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1204.] Motion of Greyhound Lines, Inc., for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted.
No. 93-9082. GAYDOS V. NATIONAL UNION FIRE INSURANCE CO. ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir.;

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 11, 1994

No. 93-9444. IN RE GAYDOS; No. 93-9577. GAYDoS v. CHERTOFF FORMER UNITED STATES
ATTORNEY, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir.; No. 93-9618. IN RE GAYDOS; No. 94-5018. IN RE GAYDOS; and No. 94-5070. IN RE GAYDOS. Motions of petitioner for leave
to proceed informa pauperisdenied. See this Court's Rule 39.8. Petitioner is allowed until November 1, 1994, within which to pay the docketing fees required by Rule 38(a) and to submit petitions in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.
No. 94-294. IN RE DUNKIN ET AL. Petition for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition denied.

CertiorariDenied
No. 93-1341. WEST PENN POWER CO. ET AL. V. PENNSYLVANIA PUBLIC UTILITY COMMISSION ET AL. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 535 Pa. 108, 634 A. 2d 207.

No. 93-1535. WEST PENN POWER CO. ET AL. V. PENNSYLVANIA PUBLIC UTILITY COMMISSION ET AL. Commw. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 150 Pa. Commw. 349, 615 A. 2d 951.
No. 93-1687. TEXAS V. BRADFORD. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 873 S. W. 2d 15.
No. 93-1758. GIDDENS V. SHELL OIL CO. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 208.
No. 93-1975. KING v. BROWN, SUPERINTENDENT, CLALLAM BAY CORRECTIONS CENTER. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 F. 3d 1403.
No. 93-2013. CITY OF SAN DIEGO V. PAULSON ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 990 F. 2d 1518.
No. 93-2030. DURDEN, ADMINISTRATRIX OF THE ESTATE OF FREEMAN, DECEASED v. DEKALB COUNTY, GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 34, 440 S. E. 2d 170.
No. 93-2042. MICHIGAN ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 348.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 11, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 93-2053. ENPLANAR, INC., ET AL. V. WEST, SECRETARY OF THE ARMY, ET AL.; and TURNER, TRUSTEE OF V. KEELER & CO., INC. V. WEST, SECRETARY OF THE ARMY, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 1284 (first case); 25 F. 3d 1043 (second case).
No. 93-8780. HYDER V. FLORIDA. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 4th
Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 633 So. 2d 128.
No. 93-8906. MURPHY v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-8978. BURNETT V. REASONER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9116. HRBEK v. HUNDLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 777.
No. 93-9267. NESBY v. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14
F. 3d 602.
No. 93-9431. BOWSER v. BOGGS, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1060.
No. 93-9441. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 1070.
No. 93-9464. HEISER V. STEPANIK, SUPERINTENDENT, PENN-
SYLVANIA STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT DALLAS. C. A.
3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 299.
No. 93-9483. ANGEL FLORES V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 871 S. W. 2d 714.
No. 93-9488. HYDER V. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 636 So. 2d 715.
No. 93-9528. TERRELL v. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1444.
No. 93-9548. HERRICK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1437.
No. 93-9575. HENDERSON V. UNITED STATES PAROLE COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below:
13 F. 3d 1073.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 11, 1994

No. 93-9630. CONNER V. MISSISSIPPI. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 632 So. 2d 1239.

No. 93-9749. CULLUM V. RENO, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE
UNITED STATES, ET AL. C.A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 5 F. 3d 1495.

No. 93-9781. LIBBY V. DUVAL, SUPERINTENDENT, MASSACHU-
SETTS CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT CEDAR JUNCTION. C. A.
1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 733.

No. 94-7. WEST PENN POWER CO. ET AL. V. PENNSYLVANIA PUBLIC UTILITY COMMISSION ET AL. Comnw. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 157 Pa. Commw. 150, 629 A. 2d 221.

No. 94-13. KANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS V. BRINKMAN ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 370.

No. 94-56. MITCHELL ET AL. V. STATE FARM FIRE & CASUALTY Co.; and I
No. 94-290. , STATE FARM FIRE & CASUALTY Co. v. MITCHELL ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 959.

No. 94-64. CHESAPEAKE BAY FOUNDATION, INC. V. DEPART-
MENT OF AGRICULTURE. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 211.

No. 94-84. RAMONA CONVENT OF THE HOLY NAMES V. CITY OF ALHAMBRA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 Cal. App. 4th 10, 26 Cal. Rptr. 2d 140.

No. 94-86. BELL ET AL. V. CITY OF MIAMI. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 634 So. 2d 163.

No. 94-98. SOUTHERN OHIO COAL CO. V. OFFICE OF SURFACE
MINING, RECLAMATION AND ENFORCEMENT, DEPARTMENT OF
THE INTERIOR, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1418.

No. 94-102. BORDEN, INC. v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 19 F. 3d 502.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 11, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-105. AMATO V. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1281.
No. 94-106. BECTON DICKINSON & -Co. V. UNITED STATES EX REL. SILLER. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1339.
No. 94-109. NAEGELE OUTDOOR ADVERTISING, INC. V. CITY OF DURHAM. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 11.
No. 94-113. IVIMEY V. VARIABLE ANNUITY LIFE INSURANCE Co. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 397.
No. 94-115. HAMPSHIRE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1096.
No. 94-136. SCOTT ET AL. v. KRISSMAN ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-139. GENERAL MOTORS CORP. V. JACKSON, INDIVIDU-
ALLY AND AS NEXT FRIEND AND NATURAL GUARDIAN OF HER
MINOR DAUGHTER, JACKSON, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari
denied. Reported below: 636 So. 2d 310.
No. 94-149. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION, AS RECEIVER FOR MID KANSAS SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. ET AL. v. HOMELAND STORES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1269.
No. 94-182. BOOSTROM V. BACH. Sup. Ct. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 622 N. E. 2d 175.
No. 94-202. LYNDS v. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 69 Ohio St. 3d 102, 630 N. E. 2d 679.
No. 94-211. MUSSLEWHITE ET AL. V. READING & BATES PETROLEUM CO. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1094.
No. 94-221. DOWNER v. HANNEMAN ET AL. Sup. Ct. Nev. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 110 Nev. 167, 871 P. 2d 279.
No. 94-223. PENNSYLVANIA PUBLIC UTILITY COMMISSION V.
SOUTHEASTERN PENNSYLVANIA TRANSPORTATION AUTHORITY. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 558.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 11, 1994

No. 94-234. COLUMBUS, GEORGIA v. KNIGHT ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 579.

No. 94-237. TRUMBLY ET UX. v. LAWLER, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS INDEPENDENT EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF LAWLER, DE-
CEASED, ET AL. Ct. App. Tex., 6th Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-238. SISTERS OF THE HOLY FAMILY OF NAZARETH V. CITY OF GRAND PRAIRIE. Ct. App. Tex., 5th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 868 S. W. 2d 835.

No. 94-240. WEISSBRODT V. WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE
OF ARIZONA ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1176.
No. 94-241. OLIVER ET AL. v. LEWIS. Ct. App. Ariz. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 178 Ariz. 330, 873 P. 2d 668.
No. 94-242. EGAN v. WELLS FARGO ALARM SERVICES, AKA BAKER PROTECTIVE SERVICES, INC. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1444.

No. 94-244. REHABILITATION SPECIALISTS, INC. V. SAFECO INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1170.

No. 94-260. SCHEIB ET AL. v. GRANT ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 149.
No. 94-261. HILL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 984.
No. 94-274. KING ET AL. V. JACKSON ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1573.
No. 94-277. GREENWOOD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 783.
No. 94-279. HUCKABY V. TEXAS. Ct. App. Tex., 11th Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-282. YOUNG v. NORTHERN ILLINOIS CONFERENCE OF UNITED METHODIST CHURCH ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 184.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 11, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-283. BROTHERHOOD OF LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS ET AL. v. KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN RAILWAY CO. ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 787.
No. 94-287. GILLILAN V. TECCOR ELECTRONICS, INC. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 469.
No. 94-289. WRIGHT ET AL. v. AMF CORP. ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-291. FREELA'ND ET AL. v. HARLEY-DAVIDSON, INC., ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. ICertiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 301.
No. 94-292. PITTSBURG STATE UNIVERSITY v. HURD. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 564.
No. 94-293. BAILEY v. FLORIDA. Cir. Ct. Fla., Alachua County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-297. PURICELLI V. MORRISVILLE BOROUGH, PENNSYLVANIA, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 123.
No. 94-298. PORTER V. UNITED AUTOMOBILE, AEROSPACE & AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENT WORKERS OF AMERICA ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1171.
No. 94-302. WILSON v. BELIN ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 644.
No. 94-304. VILLAGE OF OCONOMOWOC LAKE v. DAYTON HUDSON CORP. ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 962.
No. 94-308. LOUISIANA V. CORLEY. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 633 So. 2d 151.
No. 94-309. LAMB ET AL. V. VILLAGE OF QUINCY. Ct. App. Ohio, Logan County. Certiorari denied. Reported below:' 92 Ohio App. 3d 592, 636 N. E. 2d 412.
No. 94-310. LEKVOLD v. WESTINGHOUSE HANFORD CO. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 131.
No. 94-313. AUTO CLUB INSURANCE ASSN. V. WHITE & WHITE, INC. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 11, 1994

No. 94-316. BUENO V. CITY OF HUNTINGTON PARK. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-319. LONG DISTANCE SERVICES, INC., AKA LONG DIS-
TANCE SERVICE OF WASHINGTON, INC., ET AL. V. MID ATLANTIC
TELECOM, INC. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 260.
No. 94-321. KOZELKA v. WEIDER ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 398.
No. 94-323. LEPARDO, DBA AFL DISPOSAL Co., INC. v. BOARD OF HEALTH AND HOSPITALS OF BOSTON ET AL. App. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 Mass. App. 1114, 634 N. E. 2d 154.
No. 94-324. MOUNT ET AL. V. EL DORADO COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT (STATE FARM FIRE & CASUALTY Co., REAL PARTY IN INTEREST). Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-338. EMERSON v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 880 S. W. 2d 759.
No. 94-340. HURLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-344. COPE ET AL. V. KENTUCKY REVENUE CABINET.
Sup. Ct. Ky. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 875 S. W. 2d 87.
No. 94-349. BURDICK V. NEW HAMPSHIRE SUPREME COURT, COMMITTEE ON CHARACTER AND FITNESS. Sup. Ct. N. H. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-350. LOPEZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-353. FINIZIE v. CITY OF BRIDGEPORT. App. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-356. KELLY v. UNITED STATES. Ct. Mil. App. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 M. J. 235.
No. 94-363. GRABLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 53.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 11, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-373. WEBER V. MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 140.
No. 94-375. CITY OF CABOOL ET AL. V. CASEY. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 799.
No. 94-383. STATON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1042.
No. 94-384. BERKSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1095.
No. 94-387. HAKEL V. COLORADO. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 870 P. 2d 1224.
No. 94-397. BRADFORD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 36.
No. 94-403. PATTILLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1095.
No. 94-406. TALLEY V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 214.
No. 94-412. ACOSTA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211.
No. 94-417. MORRIS V. SOUTHWESTERN BELL TELEPHONE Co. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 465.
No. 94-425. SOLOMON V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 396.
No. 94-435. AMuso v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1251.
No. 94-472. PION v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 18.
No. 94-474. HERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1489.
No. 94-496. WACHS ET AL. V. TREVINO, A MINOR, BY AND THROUGH HER NEXT FRIEND, HER GRANDMOTHER, CRUZ. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1480.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 11, 1994

No. 94-5038. STEARMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1170.
No. 94-5044. ALTAMIRANO-RAMIREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1090.
No. 94-5055. KINDLER V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 536 Pa. 228, 639 A. 2d 1.
No. 94-5090. NUNNEMAKER V. YLST, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1115.
No. 94-5099. ARDOIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 177.
No. 94-5139. HURLEY v. TENNESSEE. Sup. Ct. Tenn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 876 S. W. 2d 57.
No. 94-5206. DAVIS V.GREER, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 1134.
No. 94-5208. SCOTT V. UNITED STATES; No. 94-5277. RODRIGUEZ V. UNITED STATES; No. 94-5326. SELLERS V. UNITED STATES; No. 94-5341. DENSON V.UNITED STATES; and No. 94-5360. GASTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1124.
No. 94-5216. ATKINSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1173.

No. 94-5220. BONNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 14.
No. 94-5281. RICHMOND V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1118.
No. 94-5316. SLANCO V. EASTWOOD MALL, INC. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 68 Ohio St. 3d 221, 626 N. E. 2d 59.
No. 94-5337. SCOTT V.UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5338. CLEMMONS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1047.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 11, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-5370. WESTMORELAND ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 62.
No. 94-5440. WHEELOCK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1109.
No. 94-5512. BAKER ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 1374.
No. 94-5514. GALLEGOS V. ARIZONA. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 178 Ariz. 1, 870 P. 2d 1097.

No. 94-5574. CARTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1430.
No. 94-5577. COLINA v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 634 So. 2d 1077.

No. 94-5594. HAZIME V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 136.

No. 94-5596. EALEY V. ARMONTROUT, ASSISTANT DIRECTOR/ ZONE II, MISSOURI DIVISION OF ADULT INSTITUTIONS. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5597. FIELDS V. CITY OF WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA, ET AL. (three cases). Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 634 So. 2d 623 (first and third cases); 632 So. 2d 1026 (second case).

No. 94-5606. ANDERSON V. BUTLER, SUPERINTENDENT, MASSACHUSETTS CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION. C. A. 1st Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 593.
No. 94-5607. WOODS v. ALABAMA. Ct. Crim. App. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 316.
No. 94-5609. WERNER V. BERGEN COUNTY JAIL ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 125.
No. 94-5611. TYSON V. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5617. EAST V. COFFEL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 245.

ORDERS.

513 U.S.

October 11, 1994

No. 94-5618. FLOYD V. IDAHO. Ct. App. Idaho. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 125 Idaho 651, 873 P. 2d 905.

No. 94-5626. JOHNSON v. DUTTON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 6th
Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5627. HEAD v. NORTH CAROLINA. ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 129.
No. 94-5636.; BRAXTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1385.
No. 94-5637. ABAD v. ZAVARAS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, COLORADO DEPARTMENT OF'CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1055.

No. 94-5641. THOMAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 238.

No. 94-5644. MCINTOSH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1454.
No. 94-5655. 'WELLS V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1171.

No. 94-5656. BANKS v. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF MOTOR VEHICLES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5660. JAMES v. WHITE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 20.
No. 94-5661. GREENLAW V. SMITH. Sup. Ct. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 123 Wash. 2d 593, 869 P. 2d 1024.

. No. 94-5662. HEAD v. HARRIS ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 129.

. No. 94-5664. WATSON V. STINE. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94--5668. DAVIS v. ODA. Ct. App. Ohio, Montgomery County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5671. FORSYTH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 304.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 11, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5672. FROST v. LUTZ ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 246.

No. 94-5675. MOORE v. EMC MORTGAGE Co. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 566.
No. 94-5676. RUFF V. SOUTH CAROLINA ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 402.
No. 94-5677. PUGH v. BUTTERWORTH ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5683. FAUNCE V. MCCARTHY ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 130.

No. 94-5684. GREER V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 424 Pa. Super. 645, 617 A. 2d
389.

No. 94-5686. COUSINO V. MICHIGAN. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5691. JACKSON V. PFLUM ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5692. GILMORE v. LOCAL 295, INTERNATIONAL BROTH-
ERHOOD OF TEAMSTERS, CHAUFFEURS, WAREHOUSEMEN & HELPERS OF AMERICA, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Re-
ported below: 23 F. 3d 396.

No. 94-5693. ANSARI V. PLUMMER. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5694. BENAVIDES V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ET AL.
Sup. Ct. Tex. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5696. RINEHART v. NIX, WARDEN. C. A. 8th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 127.

No. 94-5697. PERRI v. BEYER, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 254.
No. 94-5699. OGDEN V. NEW MEXICO. Sup. Ct. N. M. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 118 N. M. 234, 880 P. 2d 845.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 11, 1994

No. 94-5700. LOVE v. WHEELER ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 237.
No. 94-5701. ROBINSON ET AL. v. BARTLEY. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5702. MILLER V. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 466.
No. 94-5703. LUNA V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari de-
nied. Reported below: 69 Ohio St. 3d 1490, 635 N. E. 2d 45.
No. 94-5704. RIVAS v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 468.
No. 94-5705. MACNAB v. BOARD OF PAROLE. Ct. App. Ore. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5706. MENDEZ V. SAN DIEGO COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 7 Cal. 4th 295, 867 P. 2d 706.
No. 94-5712. TwIGGS v. VAUGHN, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE
CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION (AND DIAGNOSTIC AND CLASSIFICA-
TION CENTER), GRATERFORD, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 559.
No. 94-5713. McGUIRE v. OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 139.
No. 94-5716. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1098.
No. 94-5718. BUTLER V. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DEPARTMENT OF EMPLOYMENT SERVICES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5719. TARDY v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5721. CORDOVA v. COOPER, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1056.
No. 94-5722. KING v. MURPHY. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 11, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-5723. YOUNG, AKA GILKEY V. MANNION, JUDGE, CIR-
CUIT COURT OF ILLINOIS, COOK COUNTY, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5724. ALEXANDER V. CORMIER ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1043.
No. 94-5733. CATES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 428.
No. 94-5736. THORPE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1124.
No. 94-5761. LOPEZ-YANEZ V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1117.

No. 94-5767. CHANDLER V. PURKETT,. SUPERINTENDENT, FARMINGTON CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5770. BESSMAN V.WSOS COMMUNITY ACTION COMMISSION, INC. Ct. App. Ohio, Sandusky County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5775. ALI v. MCDADE, SUPERINTENDENT, HARNETT CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION, ET AL.' C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1208.
No. 94-5776. SPEIGHT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1464.
No. 94-5778. AzIz v. PERKINS ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 126.
No. 94-5781. MATTHEWS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1051.
No. 94-5786. YAo KUANG SAETEURN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 110.
No. 94-5794. DIAL V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 242.
No. 94-5797. JACKSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 254.
No. 94-5801. FOLEY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 408.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 11, 1994

No. 94-5810. HEAD v. NORTH CAROLINA ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 556.
No. 94-5813. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 563.
No. 94-5816. CARDONA-USQUIANO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1194.
No. 94-5819. WATSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 124.
No. 94-5820. WASHINGTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 564.
No. 94-5821. DURANSEAU V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 804.
No. 94-5825. NICKLES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1493.
No. 94-5826. FLORES MEDINA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 109.
No. 94-5827. OWENS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 53.
No. 94-5833. SANCHEZ V. UNITED STATES. IC. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 115.
No. 94-5835. McADAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 370.
No. 94-5847. BRUMFIELD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 133.
No. 94-5849. TAYLOR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 568.
No. 94-5851. KELLY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 114.
No. 94-5854. GRAYER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1043.
No. 94-5857. FRIENDS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 417.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 11, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-5863. BROWN V. CITY OF ST. PETERSBURG ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 36.

No. 94-5864. COLE V. INDIANA. Ct. App. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 622 N. E. 2d 245.

No. 94-5874. COVARRUBIAS LOPEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 397.

No. 94-5877. GASKINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1489.

No. 94-5879. ASHWORTH V. UNITED STATES. Certiorari denied.

C. A. D. C. Cir.

No. 94-5883. JACKSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 327.

No. 94-5884. MINICONE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 297.

No. 94-5890. MOORE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1051.

No. 94-5893. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 669.

No. 94-5896. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1042.

No. 94-5900. IOVINO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1060.

No. 94-5901. HARRIS v. UNITED STATES. Ct. Mil. App. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 M. J. 376.

No. 94-5902. GRAHAM V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5904. ACEVEDO V. RICHARDSON, COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 29 F. 3d 620.

No. 94-5906. CRAIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1043.

No. 94-5908. BARRERA HERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 624.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 11, 1994

No. 94-5909. RAMIREZ GUERRA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1044.
No. 94-5911. KING v. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5918. STOCKSTILL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 492.
No. 94-5920. ANDREWS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1328.
No. 94-5921. BARNETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 127.
No. 94-5922. STEWART V. UNITED STATES. 'C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1042.
No. 94-5924. COUCH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1058.
No. 94-5926. DALE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1060.
No. 94-5927. CARADINE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1050.
No. 94-5929. SANCHEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1002.
No. 94-5931. WOOD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 117..
No. 94-5934. LONDONO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 623.
No. 94-5936. McATEE v. UNITED STATES. C. -A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 134.
No. 94-5937. PEDRAZA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1515.
No. 94-5938. NARVAEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1120.
No. 94-5939. PICKENS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1059.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 11, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-5942. TOWNSEND V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 215.

No. 94-5953. ASHLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1008.

No. 94-5958. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1041.

No. 94-5960. HALLETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211.

No. 94-5971. RODRIGUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 619.

No. 94-5972. OSBORNE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 255.

No. 94-5973. CURRY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 126.

No. 94-5975. CABALLERO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211.
No. 94-5978. RISELAY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 409.

No. 94-5979. LOPEZ-HERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 134.
No. 94-5988. AGUILAR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1120.
No. 94-5991. DEFRANCO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 664.
No. 94-5993. RANDOLPH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 564.
No. 94-5994. MATHIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1214.
No. 94-5995. ZAJAC v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-6017. SIMPSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1212.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

October 11, 1994

No. 94-6027. HICKEY v. UNITED, STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 48.
No. 94-6031. HADLOCK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1044.
No. 94-144. COMBINED MANAGEMENT, INC. v. ATCHINSON, SUPERINTENDENT, BUREAU OF INSURANCE OF MAINE. C. A. 1st Cir. Motion of International Association of Entrepreneurs of America for leave to file a brief as amicus curiaegranted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1.
No. 94-255. COLLINS ET AL. v. GREENE COUNTY MEMORIAL HOSPITAL ET AL. Sup.' Ct. Pa. Motion of respondent Greene County Memorial Hospital for damages, costs, and attorney's fees denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 536 Pa. 475, 640 A. 2d 379.
No. 94-258. HOME SAVINGS OF AMERICA, FSB v. MAYNARD. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Motion of Texas Savings et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-264. AIMABLE ET AL. v. LONG & SCOTT FARMS, INC. C. A. 11th Cir. Motion of United Farm Workers of America et al. for leave to file 4;brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 434.
No. 94-271. FLORIDA v. HOLLAND. Sup. Ct. Fla. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed informa pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 636 So. 2d 1289.
No. 94-314. UNDERWAGER ET AL. V. SALTER ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Motions of National Association of State VOCAL Organizations and National Congress for Men and Children, Inc., for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 730.
No. 94-385. EXXON CORP. ET AL. V. EYAK NATIVE VILLAGE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 773.
No. 94-422. RUTLEDGE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Motion of petitioner to supplement petition for writ of certiorari denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1445.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 11, 14, 17, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5633. CHATIMA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Motion of petitioner to consolidate this petition with No. 93-8962, Chukwura v. United States, denied. Certiorari denied.

Rehearing Denied
No. 93-6812. PoWELL v. RICE, SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE, 510 U. S.1179. Petition for rehearing denied.

OCTOBER 14, 1994
Dismissal Under Rule 46 No. 94-295. UNITED STATES V. WILLIAMS. C. A. 9th Cir.
Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.

OCTOBER 17, 1994

Miscellaneous Orders

No. ---.

GEOFFREY DEVELOPMENT CO. v. CITY OF

ALPHARETTA; and

No. ---.

GADSON v. ABDUL-WASI ET AL. Motions to di-

rect the Clerk to file petitions for writs of certiorari out of time

denied.

No. A-267 (94-6456). RUSSELL v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, granted pending the disposition by this Court of the petition for
writ of certiorari. Should the petition for writ of certiorari be denied, this stay terminates automatically. In the event the petition for writ of certiorari is granted, this stay shall continue pending the issuance of the mandate of this Court.

No. 94-66. MOORE ET AL. V. DUPREE ET AL.; and
No. 94-82. LAMAR COUNTY BOARD OF EDUCATION AND TRUSTEES ET AL. v. DUPREE ET AL. Appeals from D. C. S. D. Miss. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief in these cases expressing the views of the United States addressing the following issue: "In light of the Mississippi Supreme Court's holding in Greenville Public School Dist. v. Western Line Consol.
School Dist., 575 So. 2d 956 (1990), that Miss. Code Ann. §37-7-103 (1990) supersedes Miss. Code Ann. §37-7-611 (1972) and repeals it by implication, what remedy, if any, can a federal

ORDERS

513 U.S.

October 17, 1994

court offer for failure to preclear §47 of the Uniform School Law, 1986 Miss. Gen. Laws, ch. 492, which also purported to repeal § 37-7-611?"

No. 94-5743. GAYDOS V. NATIONAL UNION FIRE INSURANCE
COMPANY OF PITTSBURGH ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir.; and No. 94-5860. GAYDOS V. NATIONAL UNION FIRE INSURANCE
COMPANY OF PITTSBURGH ET AL. (two cases). C. A. 3d Cir. Motions of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. See this Court's Rule 39.8. Petitioner is allowed until November 7, 1994, within which to pay the docketing fees required by Rule
38(a) and to submit petitions in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.

No. 94-5766. FERTEL-RUST v. MILWAUKEE POLICE DEPARTMENT ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir.; and
No. 94-5950. BURKE v. KELLY ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Motions of petitioners for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. Petitioners are allowed until November 7, 1994, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit petitions in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.

CertiorariGranted
No. 94-325. CHANDRIS, INC., ET AL. V. LATsIs. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 45.

C. A. 2d Cir.

No. 94-251. UNITED STATES V. ROBERTSON. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 862.

CertiorariDenied No. 93-1920. MCDANIEL ET AL. v. TELLIS. C. A. 9th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 5 F. 3d 1314.
No. 93-2018. KANSAS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 436.
No. 93-9130. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 212.
No. 93-9345. THIGPEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 31.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 17, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9652. FLIEGER v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI
CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
Reported below: 16 F. 3d 878.
No. 93-9720. JACOBS v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9729. TAGALA V. PREWITT, COMMISSIONER, ALASKA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 29.
No. 94-81. GENERAL TRUCK DRIVERS, WAREHOUSEMEN, HELPERS & AUTOMOTIVE EMPLOYEES OF CONTRA COSTA COUNTY, LOCAL No. 315 v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1017.
No. 94-135. ITT COMMERCIAL FINANCE CORP. ET AL. V. GAWORSKI ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1104.
No. 94-141. TERRY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 575.
Nd. 94-160. REILLY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 629.
No. 94-168. SPRAGUE V. KING, DIRECTOR, OFFICE OF PERSON-
NEL MANAGEMENT. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 185.
No. 94-183. LEGG v. SMITH, TRUSTEE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 650.
No. 94-204. CHISUM v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 26.
No. 94-273. MAYES V. SANFORD. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 A. 2d 855.
No. 94-311. FOSTER WHEELER CORP. v. LABORERS' INTERNATIONAL UNION OF NORTH AMERICA, AFL-CIO; and
No. 94-312. FOSTER WHEELER ENERGY CORP. V., LABORERS' INTERNATIONAL UNION OF NORTH AMERICA, AFL-CIO. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 375.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 17, 1994

No. 94-322. STUART, GUARDIAN AD LITEM FOR STUART, AND
ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ESTATE OF STUART, DECEASED V.
UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1483.

No. 94-328. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS V.
BLAND. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1469.
No. 94-332. VERMILION PARISH BUS DRIVERS & OPERATORS ASSN. ET AL. V. VERMILION PARISH SCHOOL BOARD ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1109.
No. 94-333. CSX TRANSPORTATION, INC. V. ADKINS ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 203, 442 S. E. 2d 737.
No. 94-336. SMITH V. WASHINGTON METROPOLITAN AREA TRANSIT AUTHORITY ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1160.
No. 94-337. PUDLO V. SHEAHAN, SHERIFF, COOK COUNTY, ILLINOIS. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-339. GENERAL ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE CORP. V. HORSFALL ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 25 F. 3d 1048.

No. 94-341. TOUCHE ROSS & Co. v. CONGREGATION OF PASSION, HOLY CROSS PROVINCE. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 159 Ill. 2d 137, 636 N. E. 2d 503.
No. 94-343. THANH VONG HOAI v. SUN REFINING & MARKETING Co., INC. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 953.
No. 94-347. MORISSETTE ET AL. V. YU ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1114.
No. 94-348. ALLEN ET AL. V. WILLIAMS. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1526.
No. 94-351. TODD, SPECIAL ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ESTATE OF TODD, A DECEASED MINOR V. SOCIETE BIC, S. A., ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1402.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 17, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-352. S. W. S. ERECTORS, INC., DBA SOUTHWEST SIGNS v. TRIANGLE SIGN & SERVICE, INC. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1109.
No. 94-354. KRALMAN V. ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS' AFFAIRS. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 150.
No. 94-359. CARTER V. HARRY LEE CARTER ESTATE MANAGEMENT TRUST ET AL. Ct. App. Tex., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-360. HOSOYA FIREWORKS Co., LTD. v. BARONE ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 610.
No. 94-361. BYBEE V. PROCTOR COMMUNITY HOSPITAL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1053.
No. 94-369. KAYANI v. FIELDS ET AL. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-389. CLOSTERMANN V. JOHNSON ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1439.
No. 94-448. INVEx HOLDINGS, N. V. v. EQUITABLE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF IOWA. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 241.
No. 94-452. ROSCOE v. CITY OF ALBUQUERQUE ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1058.
No. 94-5040. WILSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 34.
No. 94-5148. JONES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5171. GLOVER v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 133.
No. 94-5271. FLETCHER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1430.
No. 94-5279. LEE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 413.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 17, 1994

: No. 94-5288. CRAIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 468.
No. 94-5293. DELLORFANO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 559.
No. 94-5313. TORRES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 600.
No. 94-5322. MUCCIANTE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1228.
No. 94-5356. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1222.
No. 94-5395. CONNOR V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1426.
No. 94-5298. MANDILAKIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 278.
No. 94-5421. BROWN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 20.
No. 94-5442. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-5457. ROBERTSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 862.
No. 94-5470. STANKOWSKI v. NEW JERSEY. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5486. GRIFFIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1432.
No. 94-5555. IGBO V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 993 F. 2d 885.
No. 94-5560. AGOFSKY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 866.
No. 94-5600. LAMPKINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 304.
No. 94-5602. LUCHT ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 541.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 17, 1994

513 U S.

No. 94-5603. PIROLLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 560.
No. 94-5615. SERNA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1037.
No. 94-5619. GRIFFIN v. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 183 Wis. 2d 327, 515 N. W. 2d 535.
No. 94-5623. CASTRO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 333.
No. 94-5652. BROWN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 57.
No. 94-5665. HOOKER, AKA BANKS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 954.
No. 94-5709. CUNNINGHAM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 127.
No. 94-5714. SCHWAB v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 636 So. 2d 3.
No. 94-5720. ENIGWE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 124.
No. 94-5732. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 240.
No. 94-5738. SANDERS v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5745. KELLY v. L. L. COOL J ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 398.
No. 94-5751. MCMENNEMY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 115.
No. 94-5777. WEBBER V. FRANKLIN COUNTY ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1491.
No. 94-5779. RAINEY V. THIGPEN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 409.
No. 94-5780. NICHOLS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1216.

IORDERS

513 U.S.

October 17;,1994

No. 94-5782. MCFADDEN v. HARGETT, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari
denied.

No. 94-5784. BURTON V.' CENTRAL INTERSTATE Low-LEVEL RADIOACTIVE WASTE. COMMISSION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below:'23 F. 3d 208.

No. 94-5785. SAADE V. TRIPPETT, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1214.

No. 94-5787. DAY v. NORMAN ET AL., Ct., App. Ga. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5791. POWERS V. OHIO. Ct. App. Ohio, Franklin County. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 92 Ohio App. 3d 400, 635 N. E. 2d 1298.

No. 94-5796. FRUCHTMAN.V. MASSACHUSETTS. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 418' Mass. 8, 633 N.,E .'2d 369.

No. 94-5799. TARKOWSKI v. ROBERT BARTLETT REALTY ET

AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. "Reported below: 23

F. 3d 410.

1

, ,

':

No. 94-5800. ESQUIBEL v., RICE, WARDEN, ET AL., C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 1430.
1 No. 94-5804. GARRETT V. KASON INDUSTRIES, INC., ET AL. Super. Ct. Coweta County, Ga. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5805. KELLEY ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1041.

No. 94-5806. JERNIGAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 621.

No. 94-5807. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 580.

No. 94-5808. BROCKMAN V. SWEETWATER COUNTY SCHOOL DISTRICT No. 1. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below 25 F. 3d 1055.

No.: 94-5809. JARRETT V. US SPRINT COMMUNICATIONS CO. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 256.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 17, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5818. SIERRA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 253.
No. 94-5828. TUCKER V. ESSEX COUNTY JAIL ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1431.
No. 94-5836. MARIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 560.
No. 94-5838. LEKAN V. AMERICAN ENERGY SERVICES, INC. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 19.
No. 94-5839. LOMPREZ V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 155 Ill. 2d 564,. 633 N. E. 2d 5.
No. 04-994O. MA.cImi v. Orno D~pxlzM 1! op RmTIAmTLITATION AND CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 69 Ohio St. 3d 1438, 632 N. E. 2d 522.
No. 94-5841. MITCHELL V. ZENT, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 567.
No. 94-5842. RATHER V. PRICE ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1058.
No. 94-5844. ODIAGA V. IDAHO. Sup. Ct. Idaho. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 125 Idaho 384, 871 P. 2d 801.
No. 94-5848. BARTLETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1098.
No. 94-5850. JOSEPH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1044.
No. 94-5852. GRIFFITH V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 158 Ill. 2d 476, 634 N. E. 2d 1069.
No. 94-5870. AULTMAN v. LARKINS, DEPUTY WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1484.
No. 94-5872. ALLEN v. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 871 P. 2d 79.
No. 94-5881. HIGHTOWER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 182.
No. 94-5882. HARRIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1043.

ORDERS

si U. S.

October 17, 1994

No. 94-5886. DUBERRY V. GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 556.
No. 94-5889. DAVIS v. MIssouRI. Ct. App. Mo., Western Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 874 S. W. 2d 403.
No. 94-5899. DUBYAK V. SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5935. LOWE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1059.
No. 94-5952. ATKINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1401.
No. 94-5954. SHORTER V.SMITH, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied.: Reported below: 23 F. 3d 403.
No. 94-5967. HARRIS V. MISSOURI. Sup. Ct. Mo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 870 S. W. 2d 798.
No. 94-5970. LLOYD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 540.
No. 94-5992. BOOTH V. OREGON. Ct. App. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: i24 Ore. App. 282, 862 P. 2d 518.
No. 94-6001. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1067.
No. 94-6005. CARNET V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 133.
No. 94-6006. ARENAS-PATINO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 620.
No. 94-6008. CRANSHAW V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 410.
No. 94-6018. PHILLIPS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1120.
No. 94-6022. BANKS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1041.
No. 94-6023. COOK v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 507.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 17, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-6028. JONES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-0029. GAUMER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 568.
No. 94-6034. REINKE V. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 183 Wis. 2d 435, 516 N. W. 2d 23.
No. 94-6035. THOMAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1122.
No. 94-6041. KUBOSH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1118.
No. 94-6049. MOFFITT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211.
No. 94-6051. HEIP TRAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1060.
No. 94-6053. RODRIGUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A.' 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 569.
No. 94-6057. LIZALDE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1117.
No. 94-6060. KELLY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1121.
No. 94-6061. GORDON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 571.
No. 94-6062. EPPs v. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1186.
No. 94-6072. QUIROZ-MENDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 251.
No. 94-6075. CANNON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6078. BELLAZERIUS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 698.
No. 94-6080. BELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1214.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 17, 1994

No. 94-6082. SPRINGS V. UNITED STATES. C. A., 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 192.

No. 94-6085. WEST V. WISCONSIN. Sup. Ct. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 185 Wis. 2d 68, 517 N. W. 2d 482.

No. 94-6086. SIERRA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1120.

No. 94-6092. MARSHALL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1378.

No. 94-6095. GABLE V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-6113. FUNDERBURK V. UNITED STATES. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 133.

C. A. 9th Cir.

No. 94-6096. COLLINS' V. HESSE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 141.

No. 94-6098. STANWOOD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 11,18.

No. 94-6106. ENAND v. ATLIS SYSTEMS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 400.

No. 94-6108. JONES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 50.

No. 94-6109. GREEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 116.

No. 94-6114. WALKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 417.

No. 94-6125. RIVERA MARTINEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 236.

No. 93-2069. IDAHO V. ODIAGA. Sup. Ct. Idaho. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 125 Idaho 384, 871 P. 2d 801.

No. 93-9061. SPEARMAN V. EXXON 'COAL USA, INC. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 722.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 17, 28, 31, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-416. MALIA ET AL. V. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO. ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 828.
No. 94-5760. BOWIE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1296.
No. 94-6097. HERNANDEZ COPLIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 312.
No. 94-38. MORELAND v. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION. C. A. 6th Cir. Motion of Fifth RMA Partners, Real Party in Interest, for leave to substitute Fifth RMA Partners as party respondent granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 102.
No. 94-300. T. B. BUTLER PUBLISHING CO., INC. V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to lodge sealed record excerpts granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 469.
OCTOBER 28, 1994
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-5484. HOLMES V. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1240.

OCTOBER 31, 1994
CertiorariGranted--Vacatedand Remanded
No. 93-9478. SIMON V. MISSISSIPPI. Sup. Ct. Miss. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of J. E. B. v. Alabama ex rel. T B., 511 U. S. 127 (1994). Reported below: 633 So. 2d 407.
No. 94-334. WILLIAMS ET AL. V. PLANNED PARENTHOOD SHASTA-DIABLO, INC. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari granted, judg-

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 31, 1994

ment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Madsen v. Women's Health Center, Inc., 512 U. S. 753 (1994). Reported below: 7 Cal. 4th 860, 873 P. 2d 1224.
No. 94-5463. PALMIERI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Staples v. United States, 511 U. S. 600 (1994). Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1265.

Miscellaneous Orders. (See also No. - - -, ante, p. 5.)
No. - - -. WEST V. COUNTY OF KERN ET AL. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis without an affidavit of indigency executed by petitioner denied.

No. - - -.

MYERS V. ESTELLE, WARDEN, ET AL. Motion

to direct the Clerk to file petition for writ of certiorari out of

time denied.

No. D-1420. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BERNSTEIN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1267.]

No. D-1424. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HOLZMANN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1268.]

No. D-1426. IN RE DISBARMENT OF NOLAN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1268.]

No. D-1428. IN RE DISBARMENT OF STERNBERG. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1268.]

No. D-1430. IN RE DISBARMENT OF FIELD. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1269.]

No. D-1432. IN RE DISBARMENT OF THOMPSON. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1269.]
No. D-1435. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MCGREEVY. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1275.]

No. D-1436. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SIMS. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1275.]

No. D-1438. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KENNEDY. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1275.]

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 31, 1994

513 U. S.

No. D-1439. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CRIST. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1275.]
No. D-1440. IN RE DISBARMENT 'OF OFFSTEIN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein,- see 512 U S. 1275.]
No. D-1441. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HAMER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1276.]
No. D-1463. IN RE DISBARMENT OF RILEY. It is ordered that Christopher H. Riley, Jr., of Millville, N. J., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1464. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SMITH. It is ordered that Davis Hall Smith, of Jackson, Miss., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 93-1636. SWINT ET AL. V. CHAMBERS COUNTY COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1204.] The parties are directed to file supplemental briefs addressing the following question: "Whether the Eleventh Circuit, by virtue of its jurisdiction to review the District Court's denial of the individual defendants' motions seeking summary judgment on the basis of qualified immunity, also 'had jurisdiction to review the District Court's denial of the Chambers County Commission's motion for summary judgment." Brief of petitioners is to be filed on or before Wednesday, November 30' 1994. Brief of respondents is to be filed on or before Thursday, December 15, 1994. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. This case is removed from the December 6, 1994, argument calendar.
No. 93-7927. KYLES V. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 511 U. S. 1051.] Motion of petitioner to enlarge the record granted.

No. 94-5843. RODENBAUGH V. SENAPE ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir.; No. 94-6132. IN RE REIDT; and
No. 94-6133. IN RE GEURIN. Motions of petitioners for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. See this Court's Rule 39.8. Petitioners are allowed until November 21, 1994, within which to

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 31, 1994

pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit petitions in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.

No. 94-6099. No. 94-6107. corpus denied.

IN RE MENDIVE GONZALEZ; and IN RE FLOWERS. Petitions for writs of habeas

No. 94-5659. IN RE JEFFUS; and No. 94-5983. IN RE LOOMIS. Petitions for writs of mandamus denied.

CertiorariGranted
No. 94-367. HEINTZ ET AL. V.JENKINS. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 536.
No. 94-372. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN
SERVICES' V. WHITECOTTON ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 374.
No. 94-395. UNITED STATES V. WILLIAMS. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1143.
No. 94,-23. CITY OF EDMONDS V. OxFORD HOUSE, INC., ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of Pacific Legal Foundation for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 802.
No. 94-172. HUBBARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari granted limited to the following question: "Whether petitioner's convictions under 18 U. S. C. § 1001 for knowingly making false statements in pleadings filed with the Bankruptcy Court are barred by the so-called 'judicial function' exception to §1001." Reported below: 16 F. 3d 694.
No. 94-329. ROSEN3ERGER ET AL. v. RECTOR AND VISITORS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Motions of Intercollegiate Studies Institute and Christian Legal Society et al. for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 269.

CertiorariDenied
No. 93-2073. DASHNAW V. PENA, SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION. C.A.D.C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1112.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 31, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-8580. SMITH v. TENNESSEE. Sup. Ct. Tenn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 868 S. W. 2d 561.

No. 93-8843. MOTLEY V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1223.

No. 93-9257. O'NEAL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 239.

No. 93-9344. BANNISTER v. ARMONTROUT, ASSISTANT DIRECTOR/ZONE II, MISSOURI DIVISION OF ADULT INSTITUTIONS, ET AL.
C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 4 F. 3d 1434.

No. 93-9496. BENSON V. UNITED STATES; and AMBORT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9553. RUSSELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 468.

No. 93-9564. ABDURRAHMAN V. RENO, ATTORNEY GENERAL, ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 93-9602. ROURKE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 407.

No. 93-9646. SNELL v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1289.

No. 93-9653. SINGLETON V. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. Sup. Ct. Ark. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 316 Ark. 133, 870 S. W. 2d 742.

No. 93-9722. SCOTT v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 418.

No. 93-9751. THOMAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 732.

No. 93-9765. SHEA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 305.

No. 93-9769. BEHLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1264.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 31, 1994

No. 93-9789. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 412.

No. 94-42. MIDDLEMIST ET AL. v. BABBITT, SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1318.

No. 94-96. GOLDEN PACIFIC BANCORP STATES. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. F. 3d 1066.

ET AL. V. UNITED
Reported below: 15

No. 94-116. SCHOOL CITY OF MISHAWAKA V. FAMILY & CHILDREN'S CENTER, INC. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 1052.

No. 94-190. MCGRATH v. UNITED STATES' C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 M. J. 158.

No. 94-208. ZYCH, DBA AMERICAN DIVING & SALVAGE Co. v. ILLINOIS HISTORIC PRESERVATION AGENCY ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1136.

No. 94-252. MERCY MEMORIAL HOSPITAL CORP. v. HOSPITAL EMPLOYEES' DIVISION OF LOCAL 79, SERVICE EMPLOYEES INTERNATIONAL UNION, AFL-CIO. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1080.

No. 94-256. BABIN ET UX. v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1032.

No. 94-259. BROWN v. NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES INC.
ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-265. WIKBERG V. REICH, SECRETARY OF LABOR. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 188.

No. 94-268. B & A MARINE Co., INC. v. AMERICAN FOREIGN SHIPPING Co., INC., ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 709.

No. 94-301. CRAIG v. CALIFORNIA STATE BAR. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-346. PRITCHETT V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 624.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 31, 1994

513 U., S.

No. 94-376. SULMEYER, CHAPTER 11 TRUSTEE v. PACIFIC BMW. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 130.
No. 94-377. BRESNAN COMMUNICATIONS CO. v. CITY OF HUNTSVILLE ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1175.
No. 94-378. MARSILIO V.' CONSOLIDATED RAIL CORPORATION. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 122.
No. 94-380. IZEN ET AL. v. NICHOLS ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 690.
No. 94-382. COLLINS ET AL. V. SCHWEITZER, INC., ET AL.
C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1491.
No. 94-391. INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP. V. SIMS, CHAPTER 11 TRUSTEE, BANKRUPTCY ESTATE OF UNICOM COMPUTER CORP. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied., Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1116.
No. 94-394. TRANSPHASE SYSTEMS, INC. V. SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON CO. ETAL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-398. AZOR ET AL. V. CARDINAL INDUSTRIES ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1439.

No. 94-408. REDWOOD VILLAGE PARTNERSHIP v. GRAHAM ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 839.
No. 94-409. BAILEY v. BOARD OF EDUCATION FOR THE DETROIT PUBLIC SCHOOLS. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-410. REYNOLDS V. INTERNATIONAL AMATEUR ATHLETIC FEDERATION. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1110.
No. 94-415. IN RE M. K. ET AL. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 431 Pa. Super. 198, 636 A. 2d 198.
No. 94-419. EDWARDS v. GREAT-WEST LIFE ASSURANCE Co. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 748.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 31, 1994

No. 94-420. ACCREDITED SURETY & CASUALTY CO., INC. V. MCELVEEN, SHERIFF, CALCASIEU PARISH. Ct. App. La., 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 631 So. 2d 563.
No. 94-421. DICKERSON ET AL. V. WILLIAMS ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 631.
No. 94-423. KOVACS ET AL. v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1048.
No. 94-424. KNIPE ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 390.
No. 94-426. SNAP-TITE, INC. v. NATIONAL COUPLING CO., INC.
C.A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 644.
No. 94-429. ASHNESS V. FIRST BANK & TRUST CO. Sup. Ct. R. I. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 643 A. 2d 802.
No. 94-432. BUSCHMAN V. AIKEN & MAWICKE, S. C., ET AL. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 184 Wis. 2d 402, 516 N. W. 2d 789.
No. 94-433. LAIDLAW- HOLDINGS, INC., ET AL. V. POLLACK ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 808.
No. 94-436. CHICAGO BOARD OF EDUCATION v. AFFILIATED FM INSURANCE CO. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1261.
No. 94-437. BREAUX BROTHERS FARMS, INC., ET AL. v. TECHE SUGAR CO. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 83.
No. 94-439. MOORE V. INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD OF ELECTRICAL WORKERS, LOCAL 569, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-443. MODERN GRAPHIC ARTS, INC., ET AL. V. BEDINGHAUS ET AL. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1027.
No. 94-446. CITY OF CORVALLIS V. TURPEN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 978.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 31, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-447. JERREL V. ALASKA ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-450. DES MOINES INDEPENDENT COMMUNITY SCHOOL DISTRICT ET AL. V. WINEGAR. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 895.

No. 94-453. DAVIS v. JOHNSON CONTROLS, INC. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 866.
No. 94-457. ILLINOIS STATE BOARD OF ELECTIONS ET AL. V. HASTERT ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1430.

No. 94-460. JACKSON V. CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-465. STEVENS ET AL. V. STOTT ET AL. Ct. App. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 127 Ore. App. 440, 873 P. 2d 380.

No. 94-467. HUMPHREYS v. TEXAS STATE BAR. Sup. Ct. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 880 S. W. 2d 402.
No. 94-468. LEE ET AL. V. LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NORTH AMERICA ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 14.

No. 94-473. MARTIN ET AL. v. BANK OF FLOYD. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-484. FLECK ET AL. v. HOFFINGER INDUSTRIES ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1171.

No. 94-487. BRASWELL v. LOS ANGELES UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below:
988 F. 2d 118.

No. 94-488. DORMAN V. EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1354.
No. 94-489. FARMER v. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO (CHEIT ET AL., REAL PARTIES IN INTEREST). Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

October 31, 1994

No. 94-492. UNION SCHOOL DISTRICT ET AL. V. SMITH, BY AND THROUGH HIS PARENTS, SMITH ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1519.
No. 94-493. ROKKE v. CHECK SERVICES NORTHWEST. Ct.
App. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 71 Wash. App. 1056.
No. 94-497. VAUGHAN v. BENEDICT ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1092.
No. 94-507. STARNES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 568.
No. 94-517. LAUGHLIN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1523.
No. 94-519. GONZALEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 M. J. 459.
No. 94-522. BANDA GUTIERREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 108.
No. 94-524. LEE V. STATE BAR OF CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 247.
No. 94-537. GODFREY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 263.
No. 94-541. ANDERS V. WEST MEAD TOWNSHIP ZONING HEARING BOARD ET AL. Commw. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 156 Pa. Commw. 683, 626 A. 2d 692.
No. 94-572. GILE V. OPTICAL RADIATION CORP. ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 540.
No. 94-579. RAMIREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1095.
No. 94-583. YURCH V. CONNECTICUT. Sup. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 229 Conn. 516, 641 A. 2d 1387.
No. 94-600. KELLY V. KENTUCKY. Sup. Ct. Ky. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 875 S. W. 2d 865.
No. 94-5003. CRUZ v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 31, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5019. EHI v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 12.
No. 94-5032. WHITEHEAD V. GREER ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5042. WITHERSPOON V. UNITED STATES; and
No. 94-5412. SMALLS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1431.
No. 94-5180. FONTENOT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1364.
No. 94-5201. WHALEN V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5214. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1356.
No. 94-5222. EATON V. MURRAY, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5235. PARSONS V. BARNES, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Utah. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 871 P. 2d 516.
No. 94-5265. EARHART v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 877 S. W. 2d 759.
No. 94-5294. TREVINO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1108.
No. 94-5319. CLARK V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 959.
No. 94-5334. CRANE V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5342. BLANCHARD V. SUPERIOR COURT OF THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 Cal. App. 4th 1010, 26 Cal. Rptr. 2d 586.
No. 94-5354. OVERLY V. UNITED STATES COURT OF.APPEALS
FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 31, 1994

No. 94-5674. ESCOBEDO, AKA JORUIN, AKA HERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1441.
No. 94-5387. PAYNE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1431.
'No. 94-5404. HOLLINGSHEAD v. HOXWORTH ET AL. Sup. Ct. N. J. Certiorari denied. "Reported below: '135 N. J. 473, 641 A. 2d 235.
No. 94-5406. FREE V. PETERS, DIRECTOR, ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 700.
No. 94-5413. SCUDDER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1123.
No. 94-5423. ' WABLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1431.
No. 94-5429. SNELENBERGER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24. F 3d 799.
No. 94-5430. WHITE 'v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 404.
No. 94-5503. LOVE ET AL. V. UNITED STATES; WILSON V.
UNITED STATES; BENDER V. UNITED STATES; and JONES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 415 (first case); 9 F. 3d 115 (second case); 16 F. 3d 977 (third case); 26 F. 3d 127 (fourth case).
No. 94-5578. DUNCAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1097.
No. 94-5588. KRALL v. DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5590. WILLIAMSON V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 445.
No. 94-5601. PORTWOOD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1094.
No. 94-5630. SKURDAL v. BARR ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 127.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 31, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5642. WHITE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 237.
No. 94-5651. YOUNG v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1095.

No. 94-5657. COHEN V. FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN INSURANCE CO. ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1432.
No. 94-5667. AYRS v. GREENWALD. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1111.
No. 94-5673. MARTINEZ RAMIREZ v. ARIZONA. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 178 Ariz. 116, 871 P. 2d 237.
No. 94-5678. MALIK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 45.
No. 94-5737. YEOMAN v. DOUGAN ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5744. KELLY v. BROADCAST MUSIC, INC., ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 407.
No. 94-5756. MATA V. RICKETTS ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 981 F. 2d 397.
No. 94-5811. JOHNSON V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 159 Ill. 2d 97, 636 N. E. 2d 485.
No. 94-5812. DEVILLE ET AL. V. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 654.
No. 94-5814. DOKES v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 992 F. 2d 833.
No. 94-5817. RIVERA DEMUNIZ V. OREGON PAROLE BOARD. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1112.
No. 94-5822. MOON v. ZANT, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 93, 440 S. E. 2d 657.
No. 94-5823. MCNARY v. FARLEY, SUPERINTENDENT, INDIANA STATE PRISON, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. *Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1225.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 31, 1994

No. 94-5829. TYLER V. PURKETT, SUPERINTENDENT, FARMINGTON CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 127.
No. 94-5830. WHITSON V. PET INC. ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 243.
No. 94-5831. STOREY V. IDAHO CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 634.
No. 94-5832. WILLIAMS V. DUVAL, WARDEN. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5834. SHAW V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT
OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir.
Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5856. JACOBS V. MISSOURI. Ct. App. Mo., Eastern Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 874 S. W. 2d 506.
No. 94-5858. GARCIA ET UX. v. BERNSTEIN ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 5th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5859. GILES v. SNOW ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 37.
No. 94-5861. GALLANT V. DELAHANTY, CHIEF JUSTICE, SUPERIOR COURT OF MAINE, ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY, ET AL. C.A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5862. FLOWERS V. INDIANA UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF LAW, INDIANAPOLIS. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 569.
No. 94-5868. PEW v. Cox. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5869. PEMBERTHY ET AL. V. BEYER ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 857.
No. 94-5875. POWELL V. MICHIGAN. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 445 Mich. 927, 521 N. W. 2d 7.
No. 94-5876. JUDGE v. BOLAN. Ct. Civ. App. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 So. 2d 486.
No. 94-5888. ROLLER v. LEMACKS ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 31, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5891. WILMER V. JOHNSON, DIRECTOR, PRETRIAL SERVICES DIVISION, PHILADELPHIA COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 451.
No. 94-5892. MCFADDEN V. SEARS, ROEBUCK & Co. ET AL. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 444 Mich. 960, 514 N. W. 2d 767.
No. 94-5897. DYER v. SHELDON ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 432.
No. 94-5898. MORTIMER V. NEW JERSEY. Sup. Ct. N. J. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 135 N. J. 517, 641 A. 2d 257.
No. 94-5903. FREDELUCES V. OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MAN-
AGEMENT. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 421.
No. 94-5905. BAXTER V. CALIFORNIA COMMISSION ON JUDICIAL APPOINTMENTS. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5914. MATLOCK V. ABRAMAJTYS, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5915. COLE v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported' below: 635 So. 2d 27.
No. 94-5916. WOODALL v. ROWLAND, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 136.
No. 94-5919. ALLEN V.DANE COUNTY. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 183 Wis. 2d 431, 516 N. W. 2d 20.
No. 94-5925. AWAWDEH V. WASHINGTON.. Ct. App. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 72 Wash. App. 373, 864 P. 2d 965.
No. 94-5928. HYMAN v. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 434 Pa. Super. 718, 643 A. 2d 704.
No. 94-5930. Ross v. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 872 P. 2d 940.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

October 31, 1994

No. 94-5940. MELTON v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 927.

No. 94-5941. JOHNSON V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5943. COULOMBE v. BOWERS ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5944. CONLEY v. GROOSE, SUPERINTENDENT, JEFFERSON CITY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 126.

No. 94-5945. CURIALE ET UX. V. ANDRUS, GOVERNOR OF IDAHO, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5946. AMMAR v. SHILLING. Cir. Ct. Montgomery County, Md. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5947. BAILEY v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5948. BREARD V. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 248 Va. 68, 445 S. E. 2d 670.

No. 94-5949. AIZEN v. NEW JERSEY DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1484.

No. 94-5951. BROSSETTE v. CITY OF BATON ROUGE ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 623.

No. 94-5955. DUNHAM-BEY v. MICHIGAN. Cir. Ct. Muskegon County, Mich. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5956. KERPAN ET UX. V. DAVIS. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5957. GIBB v. FLORIDA. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 73.

No. 94-5959. BOYLE v. BRIGANO, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1047.

972

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 31, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5962. GILL V.TEXAS ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1044.
No. 94-5963. GOMEZ v. BRUN APARTMENTS. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1043.
No. 94-5965. DoosE v. POPPEN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5966. BOROJA v. NEDELJKOVICH ET AL. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5968. OGUNSALU V. KROGER CO. ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1433.
No. 94-5974. DRAKE v. WALKER ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5976. BAKER v. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5981. LINDSEY v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 636 So. 2d 1327.
No. 94-5982. PENK V. CITY OF AURORA ET AL. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5984. PARKER v. GROOSE, SUPERINTENDENT, JEFFERSON CITY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1394.
No. 94-5985. PINSTER v. GROOSE, SUPERINTENDENT, JEFFERSON CITY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5986. MORRIS V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5987. REED v. HENSON. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 432.
No. 94-5990. DAMERVILLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 254.
No. 94-5996. VAN DUESEN V. EVATT ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1212.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 31, 1994

No. 94-5997. SMITH V. CITY OF NEW YORK ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 103.

No. 94-5998. REBAR v. WEST, SECRETARY OF THE ARMY, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1439.

No. 94-5999. MOORE v. DILLON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6000. OWENS v. LARSEN ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1210.

No. 94-6002. SANCHEZ v. MCLENDON ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 302.

No. 94-6003. SHAW v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6004. SCALES V. MCCAUGHTRY, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6007. DIGIANNI v. SAKS FIFTH AVENUE. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 553.
No. 94-6010. MARCH v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL,
ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 240.

No. 94-6012. MATA V. ARIZONA. Super. Ct. Ariz., Maricopa County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6014. CARROLL v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 636 So. 2d 1316.

No. 94-6019. NOORZIN V. NEW YORK. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 1st Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 199 App. Div. 2d 69, 605 N. Y. S. 2d 37.
No. 94-6026. MONTGOMERY v. EVATT, COMMISSIONER, SOUTH
CAROLINA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1040.

No. 94-6030. ISIAH v. TANSY, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1057.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 31, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-6033. REBAR v. MARSH, SECRETARY OF THE ARMY, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1121.
No. 94-6037. MOBIN V. WIDNALL, SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1114.
No. 94-6040. FAIRCHILD v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. Sup. Ct. Ark. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 317 Ark. 166, 876 S. W. 2d 588.
No. 94-6044. HOUSTON v. ROCHA, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1113.
No. 94-6047. HARRIS v. ROBINSON ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 11.
No. 94-6065. AZAR V. HEALTH ALLIANCE PLAN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6066. HOEKEL V. PLUMBING PLANNING CORP. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 839.
No. 94-6067. JOHNS V. MCFADDEN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 247.
No. 94-6068. HERNANDEZ V. IEYOUB, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF LOUISIANA. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6069. JOHNSON v. DICKINSON. Ct. App. Tenn. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6070. HOWARD v. BEASON ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 662 So. 2d 927.
No. 94-6071. FORD ET AL. V. CLEMENT ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 621.
No. 94-6073. PHILLIPS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1120.

No. 94-6074. DUNMORE V. GROOSE, SUPERINTENDENT, JEFFERSON CITY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1477.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 31, 1994

No. 94-6079. CLEMON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F.,3d 640.
No. 94-6081. VELASQUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 135.
No. 94-6084. SMITH v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 509.

'No. 94-6090. DAVIS v. LOUISIANA. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 So. 2d 1012. .
No. 94-6091. BRIFIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1120.
No. 94-6102. CLEVELAND V. SCHLEY ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6105. 'BEASLEY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 634.
No. 94-6134. HANSON V. PASSER, CHIEF ExEcUTIVE OFFICER, ANOKA COUNTY ADULT DETENTION FACILITY. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No.. 94-6135. GUZMAN-BRUNO v. UNITED STATES. C. A., 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 420.
No. 94-6139. ZAVALA MALDONADO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 4.

No. 94-6141. MOTAMMED V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 815.
No. 94-6143. MITCHELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6144. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1215.
No. 94-6145. SCHMIDT ET UX. v. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 567.
No. 94-6146. ALONSO V. MUNICIPAL COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF VENTURA (CALIFORNIA, REAL PARTY IN INTEREST). Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 31, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-6147. PAYTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 17.
No. 94-6154. FORD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported- below: 25 F. 3d 1115.
No. 94-6156. MCCULLOUGH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 251.
No. 94-6159. BASHFORD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 412.
No. 94-6161. WILSON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1126.
No. 94-6165. CARVER V. MISSOURI. Ct. App. Mo., Southern Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6167. RIMELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 281.
No. 94-6171. BAUGH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 567.
No. 94-6177. RIDINGS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1042.
No. 94-6182. LAVIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 40.
No. 94-6185. WADDELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1215.
No. 94-6186. THOMAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 829.
No. 94-6190. VETETO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 641.
No. 94-6191. MARTIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 142.
No. 94-6192. LONGENETTE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211.
No. 94-6193. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 914.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 31, 1994

No. 94-6194. PEREZ-MONRAGON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 110.
No. 94-6196. MOORE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-6197. MARTS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 109.
No. 94-6198. MITCHELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 271.
No. 94-6199. MILLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1214.
No. 94-6202. REDMON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1118.
No. 94-6203. CRAIG v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 622.
No. 94-6208. JOHNSON v. ROSEMEYER, SUPERINTENDENT,
PENNSYLVANIA STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT GREENSBURG, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 301.
No. 94-6210. URENA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1487.
No. 94-6212. HUTCHISON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 109.
No. 94-6218. ELCOCK V. WALKER, SUPERINTENDENT, AUBURN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 276.
No. 94-6219. LAN NGOC TRAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 785.
No. 94-6220. HOOVER V.UNITED STATES PAROLE COMMISSION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1118.
No. 94-6221. HUNG VAN HUYNH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 635.
No. 94-6223. FERGUSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 243.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

October 31, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-6224. KLEINBART V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 586.
No. 94-6225. LOCKLEAR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 641.
No. 94-6233. SIMMONS V. MCCAUGHTRY, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6235. CROMLISH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211.
No. 94-6236. COLBURN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1117.
No. 94-6237. TORRES VELASQUEZ ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 694.
No. 94-6243. ESCOBAR-URREGO V. UNITED STATES. C. A.
11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 116.
No. 94-6245. FITZGERALD ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211.
No. 94-6246. GUTIERREZ-CALLE V. UNITED STATES. C.' A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 116.
No. 94-6248. GONZALEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6253. HARRIS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1275.
No. 94-6256. HERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1213.
No. 94-6262. COMPTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1214.
No. 94-6269. HOUCK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 113.
No. 94-6275. DAGO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 63.
No. 94-6277. MESA-CELIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 116.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 31, 1994

No. 94-6280. LEE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 115.
No. 94-6281. NATHAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 623.
No. 94-6283. MOORE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 P. 9d 969.
No. 94-6298. HOBBS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 562.
No. 94-6300. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6301. FIGUEROA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 631.
No. 93-1663. MEANS V. WORTHAM ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Motions of National Association of Assistant United States Attorneys et al., Federal Bar Association, and 403 Attorney-Employees of the U. S. Department of Justice for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 4 F. 3d 1313.
No. 94-169. SWANNER, DBA WHITEHALL PROPERTIES v. ANCHORAGE EQUAL RIGHTS COMMISSION ET AL. Sup. Ct. Alaska. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 874 P. 2d 274.
JUSTICE THOMAS, dissenting.
Petitioner owns residential rental property in Anchorage, Alaska. He maintained a consistent policy of refusing to rent to any unmarried couple who intended to live together on his property, based on his sincere religious belief that such cohabitation is a sin and that he would be facilitating the sin'by renting to cohabitants. At the instigation of several people to whom petitioner applied his policy, respondent ruled that petitioner had violated state and local ordinances that prohibit landlords from basing rental decisions on prospective tenants' "marital status." Petitioner appealed to the Alaska Superior Court, which upheld respondent's ruling. The Alaska Supreme Court affirmed, concluding that the application of the ordinances to petitioner's conduct did not violate his right to the free exercise of religion under either the United States Constitution or the Alaska Constitution. 874 P. 2d 274, 279-284 (1994) (per curiam).

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

THOMAS, J., dissenting

513 U.S.

The Alaska Supreme Court also ruled that petitioner had no defense to the state and local ordinances under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 (RFRA), 107 Stat. 1488, 42 U. S. C. §2000bb et seq. (1988 ed., Supp. V), enacted during the
pendency of the proceedings below. RFRA provides that a governmental entity "shall not substantially burden a person's exercise of religion even if the burden results from a rule of general applicability," unless the entity "demonstrates that application of the burden to the person . .. is in furtherance of a compelling governmental interest." §§2000bb-l(a), (b)(1). 1 In a footnote,
the opinion below dismissed petitioner's invocation of thig Act of
Congress: "Assuming that the Act is constitutional and applies to
this case, it does not affect the outcome, because we hold in the
next section that compelling state interests support the prohibitions on marital status discrimination." 874 P. 2d, at 280, n. 9. Petitioner seeks review of this latter ruling. I would grant cer-
tiorari to resolve whether, under RFRA, an interest in preventing discrimination based on marital status is sufficiently "compelling"
that respondent may substantially burden petitioner's exercise
of religion. RFRA explicitly adopted "the compelling interest test as set
forth in Sherbert v. Verner . . . and Wisconsin v. Yoder." 42 U. S. C. §2000bb(b)(1) (1988 ed., Supp. V). In Sherbert v. Verner, 374 U. S. 398 (1963), we stated: "It is basic that no showing merely of a rational relationship to some colorable state interest would suffice; in this highly sensitive constitutional area, 'only the gravest abuses [by religious adherents], endangering paramount interests, give occasion for permissible limitation [on the exercise of religion]."' Id., at 406 (quoting Thomas v. Collins, 323 U. S. 516,
530 (1945)). And in Wisconsin v. Yoder, 406 U. S. 205 (1972), we emphasized that the government's asserted interest must be truly paramount: "The essence of all that has been said and written on the subject is that only those interests of the highest order...

IRFRA was Congress' response to our decision in Employment Div.,
Dept. of Human Resources of Ore. v. Smith, 494 U. S. 872 (1990), which supplanted the compelling interest test in Free Exercise Clause jurisprudence with the inquiry into whether a governmental burden on religiously motivated action is both "neutral" and "generally applicable." Thus, as a substitute for constitutional protection, RFRA grants a statutory "claim or defense to persons whose religious exercise is substantially burdened by
government." 42 U. S. C. §2000bb(b)(2) (1988 ed., Supp. V).

ORDERS

979

THOMAS, J., dissenting

can overbalance legitimate claims to the free exercise of religion." Id., at 215 (emphasis added).
I am quite skeptical that Alaska's asserted interest in preventing discrimination on the basis of marital status is "compelling"
enough to satisfy these stringent standards. Our decision in Bob Jones Univ. v. United States, 461 U. S. 574 (1983), is instructive in the context of asserted governmental interests in preventing private "discrimination." In that case, we held that "the Government has a fundamental, overriding interest in eradicating racial discrimination in education." Id., at 604. We found such an interest fundamental and overriding-in a word, "compelling," see ibid.--only because we had found that "[o]ver the past quarter of a century, every pronouncement of this Court and myriad Acts of Congress and Executive Orders attest a firm national policy to prohibit racial segregation and discrimination in public education." Id., at 593 (discussing, inter alia, Brown v. Board of Education, 347 U. S. 483 (1954); Cooper v. Aaron, 358 U. S. 1 (1958); and Title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968 (Fair Housing Act), 42 U. S. C. § 3601 et seq. (1976 ed. and Supp. V)).
By contrast, there is surely no "firm national policy" against marital status discrimination in housing decisions. Chief Justice Moore, dissenting in the case below, correctly observed that "marital status classifications have never been accorded any heightened scrutiny under the Equal Protection Clause of either the federal or the Alaska Constitutions." 874 P. 2d, at 289. Accord, Smith v. Shalala, 5 F. 3d 235, 239 (CA7 1993) ("Because [a] classification based on marital status does not involve a suspect class . . . , we must examine it under the rational basis test"), cert. denied, 510 U. S. 930 (1994). Moreover, the federal Fair Housing Act does not prohibit people fromd making housing decisions based on marital status. See 42 U. S. C. § 3604 (outlawing housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin). Cf. § 3602(k) (defining "familial status" to mean the domicil of children with adults).
Nor does Alaska law, apart from the statutes at issue in this case, attest to any firm state policy against marital status discrimination. Indeed, as the dissent below pointed out:
"Alaska law explicitly sanctions such discrimination. See, e. g., AS 13.11.015 (intestate succession does not benefit unmarried partner of decedent); AS 23.30.215(a) (workers' compensation death benefits only for surviving spouse, child, par-

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

THOMAS, J., dissenting

513 U. S.

ent, grandchild, or sibling); Alaska R. Evid. 505 (no marital communication privilege between unmarried couples); Serra-
dell v. Ha'tford Accident & Imkmn. Co., 942 P. 2d 629, 641 (Alaska 1992) (no insurance coverage for unmarried partner under family accident insurance policy)." 874 P. 2d, at 289.
The majority admitted that these were "areas in which the state itself discriminates based on marital status." Id., at 283.
If, despite affirmative discrimination by Alaska on the basis of marital status and a complete absence of any national policy against such discrimination, the State's asserted interest in this case is allowed to qualify as a "compelling" interest-that is, a "paramount" interest, an interest "of the highest order"-then I am at a loss to know what asserted governmental interests are not compelling. The decision of the Alaska Supreme Court drains the word compelling of any meaning and seriously undermines the protection for exercise of religion that Congress so emphatically mandated in RFRA.
Although RFRA itself is a relatively new statute, the state courts have already exhibited considerable confusion in applying the Sherbert-Yoder test to the specific issue presented by this case. Apart from this case, the highest courts of Massachusetts and Minnesota are each deeply split on the question whether preventing "marital status" discrimination is a "compelling" interest under our precedents, and the California Court of Appeal has twice applied the compelling interest test adopted by RFRA in reaching decisions that are directly contrary to the decision below. See Attorney General v. Desilets, 418 Mass. 316, 636 N. E. 2d 233 (1994); State ex rel. Cooper v. French,460 N. W. 2d 2 (Minn. 1990); Smith v. Fair Employment and Housing Commission, 30 Cal. Rptr. 2d 395 (Cal. App.), review granted, 880 P. 2d 111 (Cal. 1994); Donahue v. FairEmployment and Housing Commission, 2 Cal. Rptr. 2d 32 (Cal. App. 1991), review granted, 825 P. 2d 766 (Cal. 1992), review dism'd, cause remanded, 859 P. 2d 671 (Cal. 1993).2

2 There is no doubt that these decisions applied the Sherbert-Yoder test adopted by RFRA. See Desilets, 418 Mass., at 321-322, and n. 5, 636 N. E. 2d, at 236, and n. 5 (plurality opinion); id., at 334-335, 636 N. E. 2d, at 243 (Liacos, C. J., concurring); id., at 341, 636 N. E. 2d, at 246 (O'Connor, J., dissenting); French, 460 N. W. 2d, at 13-14 (Popovich, C. J., dissenting); Smith, 30 Cal. Rptr. 2d, at 403, 406, 409, 410; Donahue, 2 Cal. Rptr. 2d, at 41, 44.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

October 31, November 7, 1994

By itself, this confusion on an important and recurring question of federal law provides sufficient reason to grant certiorari in this case.
I respectfully dissent.
No. 94-179. CENTRA, INC., ET AL. V. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD. C. A. 6th Cir. Motion of petitioner to defer consideration of petition for writ of certiorari denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 954 F. 2d 366.
No. 94-5855. JOLLY V. GAMMON, SUPERINTENDENT, MOBERLY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of petitioner to defer consideration of petition for writ of certiorari denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 51.
No. 94-535. ZISK ET AL. V. PLACER COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT (WALKER, REAL PARTY IN INTEREST). Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Motion of petitioners to supplement petition for writ of certiorari denied. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5977.. AZUBUKO V. COMMISSIONER OF PARKING, CITY OF BOSTON, ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
Assignment Order
An order of THE CHIEF JUSTICE designating Justice White (retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit during the period October 31 through November 3, 1994, and for such time as may be required to complete unfinished business, pursuant to 28 U. S. C. § 294(a), is ordered entered on the minutes of this Court, pursuant to 28 U. S. C. § 295.
NOVEMBER 7, 1994
CertiorariGranted--Vacatedand Remanded
No. 93-1004. UNITED STATES V. FOSTER. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of United States v. Shabani, ante, p. 10. Reported below: 978 F. 2d 716.
No. 93-1353. UNITED STATES V. SIMPSON ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 7, 1994

513 U. S.

for further consideration in light of United States v. Shabani, ante, p. 10. Reported below: 10 F. 3d 645.

Miscellaneous Orders

No. ---.

WRIGHT v. ALEXANDRIA DIVISION OF SOCIAL

SERVICES. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis with-

out an affidavit of indigency executed by petitioner granted.

No. - -

ERVIN V. SMITH, WARDEN, ET AL.; and

No. - -

GRAHAM v. TEXAS ET AL. Motions to direct the

Clerk to file petitions for writs of certiorari out of time denied.

No. D-1425. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ABRAMS. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1268.]

No. D-1434. IN RE DISBARMENT OF PERRY. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1275.]

No. D-1442. IN RE DISBARMENT OF FELDMAN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1276.]

No. D-1445. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SPARROW. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1276.]

No. D-1446. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KENDERIAN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1276.]

No. D-1447. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CREGAN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1276.]

No. D-1448. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CROWLEY. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1277.]

No. D-1449. IN RE DISBARMENT OF LEVINE. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1277.]

No. D-1465. IN RE DISBARMENT OF GOODMAN. It is ordered that Lennard S. Goodman, of New York, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1466. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WALSH. It is ordered that Arthur Beauchesne Walsh, of Littleton, Colo., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue,

ORDERS

513 U.S.

November 7, 1994

returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. 94-13. KANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS v. BRINKMAN ET AL., ante, p. 927. Motion of respondents for attorney's fees and costs denied without prejudice to refiling in the United States District Court for the District of Kansas.

No. 94-251. UNITED STATES V. ROBERTSON. C. A. 9th Cir.
[Certiorari granted, ante, p. 945.] Motion for appointment of counsel granted, and it is ordered that Glenn Stewart Warren, Esq., of San Diego, Cal., be appointed to serve as counsel for respondent in this case.

No. 94-464. NORFOLK SOUTHERN RAILwAY Co. v. NORTH CAROLINA RAILROAD CO. Ct. App. N. C. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief in this case expressing the views of the United States.

No. 94-5059. JONES v. SCHULZE, DIRECTOR, MISSOURI DE-
PARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES, DIVISION OF FAMILY SERVICES,
ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion Of petitioner for reconsideration of order denying leave to proceed in forma pauperis [ante, p. 805] denied..

No. 94-6316. No. 94-6341. No. 94-6408. pus denied.

IN RE LIGGINS; IN RE SEAGRAVE; and IN RE RAE. Petitions for writs of habeas cor-

No. 94-6299. IN RE GRUBBS. Petition for writ of mandamus denied.

No. 94-6118. IN RE CHAMBERLIN. Petition for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition denied.

CertiorariDenied
No. 93-1633. SWAN ET AL. V. PETERSON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 6 F. 3d 1373.
No. 93-1906. TUXEDO UNION FREE SCHOOL DISTRICT ET AL. v. CULLEN. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 96.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 7, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 93-2098. GRIMES ET AL. V. VITALINK COMMUNICATIONS CORP. ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1553.
No. 93-6940. ACOSTA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 3 F. 3d 438.
No. 93-9689. JONSSON, AKA AKABERIAN V. UNITED' STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 759.
No. 93-9698. MILLER V. UNITED STATES; andNo. 94-5068. HAMILTON, AKA NORDQUIST v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 350.
No. 93-9773. PASQUARILLE V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 682.
No. 94-70. CITY OF Los ANGELES ET AL. V. BRADFORD. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1111.
No. 94-72. SANDLER ASSOCIATES, L. P., ET AL. V. BELLSOUTH CORP. ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 123.
No. 94-108. COMPARATO, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS ADMINISTRA-
TOR OF THE ESTATE OF CAMPARATO, DECEASED, ET AL. V. UNITED
STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 455.
No. 94-173. DIXON V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 256 Ill. App. 3d 771, 628 N. E. 2d 399.
No. 94-207. GRUPO PROTEXA, S. A., ET AL. v. ALL AMERICAN MARINE SLIP, A DIVISION OF MARINE OFFICE OF AMERICAN CORP., ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1224.
No. 94-212. HOLMBERG ET UX. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1062.
No. 94-257. EVANS, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS ADMINISTRATRIX OF THE ESTATE OF DALEY, DECEASED v. RESOLUTION TRUST
CORPORATION, RECEIVER FOR UNIVERSITY SAVINGS ASSN.,
ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 236.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

November 7, 1994

No. 94-262. HUGHES AIRCRAFT Co., INC. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 974.
No. 94-267. ToTI v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 806.
No. 94-335. DUNCAN v. BLINEBERY, ZONING INSPECTOR, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certioraridenied. Reported below:'69 Ohio St. 3d 1472, 634 N. E. 2d 627.
No. 94-371. GOFF V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 918.
No. 94-444. NEBRASKA EX REL. NELSON, GOVERNOR V. CEN-
TRAL INTERSTATE Low-LEVEL RADIOACTIVE WASTE COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 77.
No. 94-449. SANTA FE PACIFIC CORP. v. CENTRAL STATES, SOUTHEAST AND SOUTHWEST AREAS PENSION FUND. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 725.
No. 94-459. BISHOP v. GEORGIA STATE BAR. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 241, 442 S. E. 2d 734.
No. 94-463. SCHANKMAN V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-471. BABINSKI V. REGUCCI ET AL. C.A. 3dCir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 555.
No. 94-476. DOUGHTIE ET AL. v. FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF STATE ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 4.
No. 94-477. LEISURE TIME PRODUCTIONS, B. V. v. TRI-STAR PICTURES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 38.
No. 94-478. TORTUYA V. METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE CO. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 249.
No. 94-480. TIMBERLANE REGIONAL SCHOOL DISTRICT V.
MURPHY, BY AND THROUGH HIS LEGAL GUARDIANS, MURPHY

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 7, 1994

513 U. S.

ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1186.
No. 94-482. ENTERPRISE CONSOLIDATED SCHOOL DISTRICT,
BY AND THROUGH ITS BOARD OF TRUSTEES v. LAUDERDALE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI, SCHOOL DISTRICT, BY AND THROUGH ITS
BOARD OF EDUCATION, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
Reported below: 24 F. 3d 671.
No. 94-483. SUCCESSION OF RICORD V. ENERGY TRANSPORTATION Co. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24
F. 3d 236.
No. 94-485. BENIGNI V. COWLES MEDIA CO., DBA STAR TRIBUNE, ET AL. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-486. TAHOE KEYS PROPERTY OWNERS' ASSN. v. CALIFORNIA STATE WATER RESOURCES CONTROL BOARD ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 Cal. App. 4th 1459, 28 Cal. Rptr. 2d 734.
No. 94-491. WILDBERGER v. AMERICAN FEDERATION OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES, COUNCIL 228, ET AL. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-495. QUISENBERRY V. BERK, TRUSTEE, ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 639 So. 2d 989.
No. 94-498. LINTZ ET AL. V. SKIPSKI ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 304.
No. 94-499. GARDNER ET AL. V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1056.
No. 94-501. HINSHAW V. MAHLER ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 106.
No. 94-506. TILLMAN-BROWN ET AL. V. CITY OF SACRAMENTO ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-516. WILSON v. GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 287, 444 S. E. 2d 306.
No. 94-544. ZIESER ET AL. V. FARMERS HOME ADMINISTRATION ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 572.

ORDERS

989

513 U. S.

November 7, 1994

No. 94-582. SHONG-CHING TONG v. GENERAL DYNAMICS ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied..

No. 94-587. CHOW ET UX. V. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24
F. 3d 245.

No. 94-594. NASH v. HALLIBURTON CO. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1043.

No. 94-598. ROACH v. BEAUFORT COUNTY SCHOOLS. Ct. App. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 114 N. C. App. 330, 443 S. E. 2d 339.

No. 94-601. MUMMAU v. MUMMAU. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 432 Pa. Super. 700, 635 A. 2d 214.

No. 94-604. QUINTERO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1092.

No. 94-606. KOCZAK V. SMITH, SECRETARY OF STATE OF FLORIDA, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1096.

No. 94-611. S&P Co. v. YORKSHIRE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 942.

No. 94-652. JACOBS MANUFACTURING CO. v. SAM BROWN CO. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1259.
No. 94-5207. DE LA FE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 35.

No. 94-5228. NEAL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 425.

No. 94-5384. LAMBERT v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5480. CARROLL V. PHILLIPS. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5599. C. A. Fed. Cir.
No. 94-5771. tiorari denied.

TODD v. OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 140.
COPPLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. CerReported below: 24 F. 3d 535.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 7, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5980. REAVES v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 639 So. 2d 1.
No. 94-6013. COLLINS V. STANISLAUS COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES. Ct. App. Cal., 5th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6024. WILLIAMS ET AL. V. ARNOLD & ARNOLD. Sup. Ct. Ark. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 315 Ark. 632, 870 S. W. 2d 365.
No. 94-6025. BOWIE v. LOUISIANA. Ct. App. La., 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 625 So. 2d 393.
No. 94-6032. Roussos v. BAXLEY ET AL. Ct. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 334 Md. 212, 638 A. 2d 753.
No. 94-6036. MCBRIDE V. SHARPE, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 962.
No. 94-6039. SANCHEZ V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 Cal. App. 4th 1680, 29 Cal. Rptr. 2d 367.
No. 94-6042. FITZGERALD v. GAMBLE, ADMINISTRATOR, MON-
TANA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS AND HUMAN SERVICES,
CORRECTIONS DIVISION. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 105.
No. 94-6043. ELDRIDGE v. KINCHELOE, SUPERINTENDENT, SPRING CREEK CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 130.
No. 94-6050. REYES v. THOMAS, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1058.
No. 94-6059. LARSON V. MAINE. Sup. Jud. Ct. Me. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6063. JOHNSON V. PREWITT, COMMISSIONER, ALASKA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari de-
nied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 131.
No. 94-6087. YAKICH V. MUNICIPAL COURT OF SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS .

513 U.S.

November 7, 1994

No. 94-6089. WILLIAMS v. STAINER, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6100. ALLEN V.JOHNSON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 566.
No. 94-6101. SNELLING V. CHRYSLER MOTORS CORP. ET AL. Ct. App. Mo., Eastern Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 872 S. W. 2d 527.
No. 94-6104. BARNETTE V. JOHNSON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1038.
No. 94-6117. BROWN v. BARTON ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1097.

No. 94-6119. JONES V. MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6120. BOLLING V. SMITH, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. 'Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1038.
No. 94-6121. BROWN V. CARLTON, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
,No. 94-6124. MEADE-STEPHENSV. SCHOOL DISTRICT OF THE CITY OF JERSEY CITY, HUDSON COUNTY. Sup. Ct. N. J. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 137 N. J. 167, 644 A. 2d 614.
No. 94-6126. MCFADDEN v. HARGETT, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6127. REYES V. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 83 N. Y. 2d 945, 638 N. E. 2d 961.
No. 94-6128. MEEKS v. DEWITT ET AL. C.A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 5 F. 3d 538.
No. 94-6129. LONDON v. HAWS, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 569.
No. 94-6130. RICHARDSON V. MCBRIDE, SUPERINTENDENT, WESTVILLE CORRECTIONAL CENTER, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 430.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 7, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-6138. BRANCH v. KEOHANE, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6149. MOLINA V. IDAHO. Ct. App. Idaho. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 125 Idaho 637, 873 P. 2d 891.
No. 94-6170. BARTLETT V. ORTIZ, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 104.
No. 94-6172. BURRESS V. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ET AL. Ct. App. Cal.; 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6205. KNAPP V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 451.
No. 94-6258. SCHOMER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 577.
No. 94-6272. BECTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 242.
No. 94-Q302, ALLEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1180.
No. 94-6306. SHACKLEFORD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6309. PINOCHET v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 49.
No. 94-6313. MYERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1491.
No. 94-6314. PRIETO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 94.
No. 94-6319. HIRATANI V. DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 632.
No. 94-6320. GOMEZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 253.
No. 94-6321. KRAMM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-6324. BRUNING V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 142.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

November 7, 1994

No. 94-6326. BRANCH V. UNITED STATES ET AL. Sup. Ct. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 186 Wis. 2d cxxiii, 524 N. W. 2d 144.
No. 94-6327. COUCH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 711.
No. 94-6336. ANKOMAH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 118.
No. 94-6339. MALBROUGH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 624.
No. 94-6346. GALBAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1494.
No. 94-6349. KORANDO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1114.
No. 94-6354. MAYS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 641.
No.94-6365. MINH Do v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 785.
No. 94-6368. ENGLISH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-6375. KINARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-6383. WINZER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-6385. TATE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 131.
No. 94-6388. COUNCIL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211.
No. 94-6389. COLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 16.
No. 94-6392. DIGIANNI v. SEARS, ROEBUCK & CO. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6396. NoSAIR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 553.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 7, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-6398. ADAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1214.
No. 94-6401. SANDERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 61.
No. 94-6403. HARRIS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. , C. A. 4th
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211. ,
No. 94-6456. RUSSELL v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-33. CHEVRON U. S. A. INC. V. SEA SAVAGE, INC., ET AL.; and
No. 94-220. SEA SAVAGE, INC., ET AL. V. CHEVRON U. S. A. INC. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of these petitions. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 888 and 22 F. 3d 568.
No. 94-479. COOL LIGHT CO., INC. v. GTE PRODUCTS CORP. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 349.
No. 94-6363. DIXON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1296.
No. 94-6372. CARMICHAEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1296.
No. 94-236. BABY "RICHARD," AKA BABY BOY JANIKOVA, A MINOR, BY His GUARDIAN AD LITEM, O'CONNELL v. KIRCHNER; and
No. 94-615. DOE ET UX., ADOPTIVE PARENTS OF BABY BOY
JANIKOVA V. KIRCHNER, BIOLOGICAL FATHER OF BABY BOY JANI-
KOVA. Sup. Ct. Ill. Motion of DeBoer Committee for Children's Rights et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 159 Ill. 2d 347, 638 N. E. 2d 181.
No. 94-454. KENTUCKY V. LINEHAN. Sup. Ct. Ky. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 878 S. W. 2d 8.

ORDERS

.995

513 U. S.

November 7, 1994

No. 94-470. NoRRIs, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION V. STARR. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1280.
No. 94-466. DIAMOND SHAMROCK REFINING & MARKETING Co. v. NUECES COUNTY APPRAISAL DISTRICT ET AL. Sup. Ct. Tex. Motions of American Petroleum Institute, Institute of Property Taxation, and General Motors Corp. for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 876 S. W. 2d 298.
No. 94-490. ARKANSAS EDUCATIONAL TELEVISION COMMISSION V. FORBES. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of Association of America's Public Television Stations et al. for leave to file a brief as
amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1423.
No. 94-494. BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB Co. v. ZENITH LABORATORIES, INC. C. A. Fed. Cir. Motion of Hoffman-La Roche Inc. et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion and this petition. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1418.

Rehearing Denied
No. 93-9152. VEY v. COLVILLE ET AL., ante, p. 834; No. 93-9214. BOWEN V. KERNAN, WARDEN, ET AL., ante, p. 836; No. 93-9308. GIBBS V. OKLAHOMA DEPARTMENT OF HUMAN
SERVICES, AFFIRMATIVE ACTION UNIT, ante, p. 840; No. 93-9517. VENERI V. DOMOVICH, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE
CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT PITTSBURGH, ante, p. 851; No. 93-9660. HENSLER V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 859; No. 94-5029. PIzzo v. RISINGER, ante, p. 880; No. 94-5256. IN RE MONTGOMERY, ante, p. 806; No. 94-5266. SAUNDERS v. CITY OF BEVERLY ET AL., ante,
p. 893; No. 94-5364. WARREN V. COLE, ante, p. 898; No. 94-5420. ARNSTEIN V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 900; No. 94-5464. AMSDEN V. PROFESSIONAL CONDUCT COMMIT-
TEE, NEW HAMPSHIRE SUPREME COURT, ante, p. 902;

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 7, 14, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5546. ADAIR V. UNITED STATES ET AL., ante, p. 906; and
No. 94-5591. BERCOVICI V.SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, ante, p. 908. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
NOVEMBER 14, 1994

CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 94-112. HARLESTON ET AL. V. JEFFRIES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Waters v. Churchill, 511 U. S. 661 (1994). Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1238.

No. 94-5798. STERLING V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of McFarlandv. Scott, 512 U. S. 849 (1994). Reported below: 26 F. 3d 29.

Miscellaneous Orders

No. - - -.

VDA DE MENDOZA ET AL. V. UNITED STATES.

Motion for reconsideration of order denying leave to file petition

for writ of certiorari out of time [ante, p. 802] denied.

No. ---.

MCNAMARA V. UNITED STATES. Motion to di-

rect the Clerk to file an application and present it to JUSTICE

SCALIA denied.

No. D-1450. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KARCH. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1281.]

No. D-1451. IN RE DISBARMENT OF LINDER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1282.]

No. D-1452. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MITWOL. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1282.]

No. D-1453. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ZELMAN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1282.]

No. D-1456. IN RE DISBARMENT OF FREEDMAN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1282.]

ORDERS

513 U. S.

November 14, 1994

No. D-1467. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WILSON. It is ordered that Grafton B. Wilson II, of Gainesville, Fla., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1468. IN RE DISBARMENT OF LAUDANI. It is ordered that A. David Laudani, of Eastpointe, Mich., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 65, Orig. TEXAS v. NEW MEXICO. Motion of the River Master for fees and expenses granted, and the River Master is awarded a total of $972 for the period July 1 through September 30, 1994, to be paid equally by the parties. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., ante, p. 803.]
No. 108, Orig. NEBRASKA V.WYOMING ET AL. Motion of the Special Master for award of compensation and reimbursement of expenses granted, and the Special Master is awarded a total of $180,833.83 for the period April 1 through September 30, 1994, to be paid as follows: 30% to be paid by each Nebraska and Wyoming, 15% to be paid by Colorado, and 25% to be paid by the United States. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., ante, p. 923.]
No. 121, Orig. LOUISIANA V. MISSISSIPPI ET AL. Report of the Special Master received and ordered filed. Exceptions to the Report, with supporting briefs, may be filed by the parties within 45 days. Reply briefs, if any, may be filed by the parties within 30 days. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., ante, p. 804.]
No. 93-1318. INTERSTATE COMMERCE COMMISSION V. TRANSCON LINES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 511 U. S. 1029.] Motion of respondents for leave to file a supplemental brief after argument granted.
No. 93-1783. DIRECTOR, OFFICE OF WORKERS' COMPENSATION PROGRAMS, DEPARTMENT OF LABOR v. NEWPORT NEWS SHIPBUILDING & DRY DOCK CO. ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1287.] Motion of the Solicitor General to dispense with printing the joint appendix granted.
No. 93-9082. GAYDOS V. NATIONAL UNION FIRE INSURANCE CO. ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir.;

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 14, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9444. IN RE GAYDOS; No. 93-9577. GAYDOS v. CHERTOFF, FORMER UNITED STATES ATTORNEY, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir.; No. 93-9618. IN RE GAYDOS; No. 94-5018. IN RE GAYDOS; and
No. 94-5070. IN RE GAYDOS. Motions of petitioner for reconsideration of order denying leave to proceed in forma pauperis [ante, p. 924] denied.

No. 93-9122. RODENBAUGH V. OTT (two cases). C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of petitioner for reconsideration of order denying leave to
proceed in forma pauperis [ante, p. 805] denied.

No. 94-5291. BAASCH v. REYER ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Motion of petitioner for reconsideration of order denying leave to proceed in forma pauperis [ante, p. 805] denied.

No. 94-5860. GAYDOS V. NATIONAL UNION FIRE INSURANCE
COMPANY OF PITTSBURGH ET AL. (two cases). C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of petitioner for reconsideration of order denying leave to proceed in forma pauperis [ante, p. 945] denied.

No. 94-203. MORSE ET AL. V. REPUBLICAN PARTY OF VIRGINIA ET AL. Appeal from D. C. W. D. Va. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief in this case expressing the views of the
United States.

No. 94-5198. No. 94-6103. No. 94-6228. damus denied.

IN RE DANCY; IN RE DIGIANNI; and IN RE MOOREHEAD. Petitions for writs of man-

No. 94-5865. IN RE COLLIER; No. 94-5867. IN RE MAGEE; and No. 94-5894. IN RE HIGGINS. Petitions for writs of mandamus and/or prohibition denied.

Certiorari Granted
No. 94-167. GUTIERREZ DE MARTINEZ ET AL. v. LAMAGNO
ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari granted limited to Question 1 presented by the petition. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 402.

No. 94-500. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE V.
SCHLEIER ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1119.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

November 14, 1994

CertiorariDenied
No. 93-8521. FLEENOR V. INDIANA. Sup. Ct. Ind. denied. Reported below: 622 N. E. 2d 140.

Certiorari

No. 93-9155. KIMBALL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 54.

No. 93-9358. HALL V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 157 Ill. 2d 324, 626 N. E. 2d 131.

No. 93-9674. HEIDEMANN V. YOUNG. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 632 So. 2d 1026.

No. 93-9699. IN RE HEAD (two cases). C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1429.

No. 93-9748. HALL V.UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1184.

No. 93-9790. BOROWY v. BASS, PLC, ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1184.

No. 94-249. ROWE v. DEBRUYN, COMMISSIONER, INDIANA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari
denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1047.

No. 94-315. BILLING ET AL. V. RAVIN, GREENBERG & ZACKIN, P. A., ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1242.

No. 94-327. BEUS V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1116.

No. 94-366. UNARCO BLOOMINGTON FACTORY WORKERS V.
UNR INDUSTRIES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari de-nied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 766.

No. 94-374. WEBER V. MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD. C.A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 140.

No. 94-396. WIZBOWSKI ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 12 F. 3d 1111.

No. 94-475. EARTH ISLAND INSTITUTE, MARINE MAMMAL FUND, ET AL. v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF COMMERCE, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 76.

1000

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 14, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-504. YEOMAN ET AL. v. KENTUCKY REVENUE CABINET ET AL.; and
No. 94-525. SMITH ET AL. V. KENTUCKY REVENUE CABINET ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ky. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 875 S. W. 2d 873.

No. 94-508. OPTIMAL DATA CORP. v. UNITED STATES. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 138.

No. 94-509. MDK, INC. V. MIKE'S TRAIN HOUSE ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 116.

No. 94-510. ZEKARIA REALTY, INC. v. OCEAN COUNTY, NEW JERSEY. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 271 N. J. Super. 280, 638 A. 2d 859.
No. 94-515. MITCHELL ET AL. v. AMARILLO HOSPITAL DISTRICT ET AL. Ct. App. Tex., 7th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 855 S. W. 2d 857.

No. 94-521. VERNON V. CITY OF Los ANGELES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1385.
No. 94-523. DAVIS, PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ESTATE OF DAVIS, ET AL. V. BENDER SHIPBUILDING & REPAIR CO., INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 426.

No. 94-528. HAYDOO ET AL. v. GENERAL ELECTRIC Co. ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 133.

No. 94-530. SHAFFER, SECRETARY OF STATE OF NEW YORK V. NEW YORK STATE ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 834.
No. 94-531. AUGUSTUS ET AL. v. LOUISIANA, THROUGH ITS GOVERNOR, EDWARDS, ET AL. Ct. App. La., 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 636 So. 2d 1218.

No. 94-532. ANDREW WEIR SHIPPING LTD., FKA BANK LINE LTD., ET AL. v. BOWERS ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 800.

No. 94-536. LOUISIANA-PACIFIC CORP. V. ORJIAS ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 995.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

November 14, 1994

No. 94-543. DOPADRE v. DOPADRE. Ct. App. Ariz. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-545. WORRELL V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 5th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-546. SUBAFILMS, LTD., ET AL. V. UNITED ARTISTS CORP. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1088.
No. 94-547. CHAMBERS V. AMERICAN TRANS AIR, INC. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 998.
No. 94-548. KNIGHT V. MINGLEDORFF, ALABAMA COMMISSIONER OF REVENUE. Ct. Civ. App. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 645 So. 2d 372.
No. 94-550. DEWEERTH V. BALDINGER ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1266.
No. 94-551. HARRIS V. CITY OF AKRON ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1396.
No. 94-553. MECHE V. MECHE. Ct. App. La., 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 635 So. 2d 614.
No. 94-556. MOORE v. LOCAL UNION 569, INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD OF ELECTRICAL WORKERS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 107.
No. 94-561. LOwRY v. LEWIS, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 344.

No. 94-565. ATHMANN ET AL. v. NORTH SLOPE BOROUGH.
C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 108.
No. 94-567. DUFFY v. DISTRICT BOARD OF TRUSTEES, MIAMIDADE COMMUNITY COLLEGE. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1097.
No. 94-577. ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN V. PAHLAVI ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-585. JARVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 M. J. 97.

1002

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 14, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-586. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 M. J. 101.
No. 94-589. LEBLANC ET VIR V. MEZA ET AL. Ct. App. La., 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 620 So. 2d 521.
No. 94-602. HENDERSON V. KESSLER ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. 1
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1209.
No. 94-620. BUCHBINDER ET AL. v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-629. DASS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 559.
No. 94-639. MCKENNA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1044.
No. 94-641. SHIELDS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 137.
No. 94-656. TRAXLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 M. J. 476.
No. 94-663. CASAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 788.
No. 94-678. DADDONA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 163.
No. 94-679. SCOTT V. IOWA. Sup. Ct. Iowa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 518 N. W. 2d 347.
No. 94-696. MENZER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1223.
No. 94-700. THOMAS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 634.
No. 94-702. KASSOUF ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 567.
No. 94-5196. STEPHENS V. THOMAS, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 498.
No. 94-5202. CASHIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1221.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

November 14, 1994

No. 94-5252. Luis v. INDIANA. Ct. App. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 625 N. E. 2d 506.
No. 94-5258. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5530. ZEIGLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 486.
No. 94-5551. SINGLETON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 233.
No. 94-5734. CARTER V. PETERS, DIRECTOR, ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 697.
No. 94-5769. BAILEY v. BAILEY. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 97 Md. App. 750.
No. 94-5815. BROWN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 254.
No. 94-5871. BROWN V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 871 P. 2d 56.

No. 94-5907. JONES v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 336 N. C. 229, 443 S. E. 2d 48.
No. 94-5913. POLLARD v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 887.

No. 94-5969. PENDER v. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1426.
No. 94-6021. RIDDLE V. SOUTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. S. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 314 S. C. 1, 443 S. E. 2d 557.
No. 94-6088. TAYLOR v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 30.
No. 94-6116. TAL-MASON v. KERN ET AL. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1099.
No. 94-6122. CALIFORRNIAA v. CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

1004

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 14, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-6123. ANDERSON v. MAKEL, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6131. SEATON-EL v. ATTORNEY GRIEVANCE COMMISSION. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6137. C. B. v. VERMONT DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL AND REHABILITATION SERVICES. Sup. Ct. Vt. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 162 Vt. 229, 647 A. 2d 1001.
No. 94-6140. RAY v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6148. STERLING v. HAWLEY ET AL. (two cases). C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6150. CALL V. CARLSON ET AL. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6158. DEMPSEY V. TURNER BROADCASTING SYSTEM ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6160. CRANNELL V. CRANNELL. Sup. Ct. Vt. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 162 Vt. 643, 648 A. 2d 664.
No. 94-6168. HENDRIX v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 So. 2d 916.
No. 94-6176. RUSHER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied, Reported below; 25 F. 8d 1042.
No. 94-6178. PHILLIPS V. MARYLAND ET AL. Ct. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 335 Md. 229, 643 A. 2d 383.
No. 94-6213. IRELAN V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-6282. PEDRAZA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1515.
No. 94-6217. DORRI v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 888.
No. 94-6222. GREEN V. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1108.
No. 94-6229. TODD V. WALL, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 623.

ORDERS

1005

513 U. S.

November 14, 1994

No. 94-6232. PRATT V. IDAHO. Sup. Ct. Idaho. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 125 Idaho 594, 873 P. 2d 848.
No. 94-6241. GREEN v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6271. BRACEWELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-6278. ORTIZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. l1th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1407.
No. 94-6279. WALLIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-6284. RANGE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1049.
No. 94-6304. GOMEZ V. IDAHO. Sup. Ct. Idaho. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 126 Idaho 83, 878 P. 2d 782.
No. 94-6325. BARNES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 131.
No. 94-6329. STEPHENS V.UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 553.
No. 94-6330. WILEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 345.
No. 94-6332. PEREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1212.
No. 94-6334. BRANDT V. IDAHO. Ct. App. Idaho. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 126 Idaho 101, 878 P. 2d 800.
No. 94-6338. PASTO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1214.
No. 94-6344. BERMUDEZ V. OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 645.
No. 94-6352. NICHOLS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1016.
No. 94-6353. MCKINNON v. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 644 A. 2d 438.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 14, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-6355. ROSEBAR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1175.
No. 94-6360. LAZOR v. SPERRY RAND CORP., UNIVAC DIVISION (NKA UNISYS CORP.). C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6362. CHUKUNDAH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 131.
No. 94-6366. BILLS V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 62.
No. 94-6367. DUFFY V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 625.
No. 94-6371. Koss v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 134.
No. 94-6374. CALDERON V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1121.
No. 94-6379. WERHAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-6380. CARTER v. AMTRAK. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1097.
No. 94-6384. SEXTON v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 336 N. C. 321, 444 S. E. 2d 879.
No. 94-6394. PETERS V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 114.
No. 94-6399. BUCHANAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 639.
No. 94-6407. COY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 629.
No. 94-6411. ORR V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1497.
No. 94-6412. POWELL V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 28.
No. 94-6419. SATHER V.UNITED STATES, C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 821.

ORDERS

1007

513 U. S.

November 14, 1994

No. 94-6420. INGRAM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211.
No. 94-6421. FORDE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 127.
No. 94-6422. HILTON, AKA MONTANA v. UNITED STATES.
C.A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. Rd 115.
No. 94-6423. SANCHEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1259.
No. 94-6428. CASTANO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1491.
No. 94-6430. CHEEKS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 118.
No. 94-6431. PATTERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1239.
No. 94-6432. TILLMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1497.
No. 94-6436. LUCAS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-6437. MADRID V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1269.
No. 94-6444. MORALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 44.
No. 94-6445. COLEMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 641.
No. 94-6446. COYNE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 124.
No. 94-6447. BRANCH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. .9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1074.
No. 94-6448. MALDONADO CONTRERAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-6453., DUNCAN V. ALABAMA. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 1332.

1008

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 14, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-6454. HILL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 250.
No. 94-6457. BURGER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211.
No. 94-6458. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1214.
No. 94-6459. BRASLAVSKY v. BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 410.
No. 94-6461. SHINABERRY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 55.
No. 94-6462. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 128.
No. 94-6464. CHAVEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-6466. DURAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 60.
No. 94-6467. DUNKINS V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-6487. FISHER v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 574.
No. 94-6468. BROWN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1493.
No. 94-6469. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 567.
No. 94-6470. JOYCE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1035.
No. 94-6472. PARKINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 114.
No. 94-6474. OsoRIo-DE HOLGUIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 116.
No. 94-6476. MASTROGIOVANNI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1214.

ORDERS

1009

513 U. S.

November 14, 1994

No. 94-6483. EINSPAHR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 505.
No. 94-6489. GOETSCH V. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 186 Wis. 2d 1, 519 N. W. 2d 634.
No. 94-6496. JACKSON V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 540.
No. 94-6497. KENNEDY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-6499. SONAGERE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 51.
No. 94-6504. CALVILLO V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TExAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1492.
No. 94-6505. CHAVEZ V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1009.
No. 94-6508. TANGEMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 950.
No. 94-5610. PORTER V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to file an amendment to petition for writ of certiorari granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 554.
No. 94-6331. WADLINGTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1296.

Rehearing Denied
No. D-1423. IN RE DISBARMENT OF OKOCHA, 512 U.S. 1284; No. 93-2056. REICHSTEIN v. NALICO INTERNATIONAL CORP. ET AL., ante, p. 824; No. 93-9035. QUIBAN v. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS, ante, p. 918; No. 93-9416. MARCUM V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 845; No. 93-9436. VOTH V. MAASS, SUPERINTENDENT, OREGON STATE PENITENTIARY, ante, p. 846; No. 93-9516. KARIM-PANAHI v. Los ANGELES POLICE DE-
PARTMENT ET AL., ante, p. 851;

1010

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 14, 15, 21, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9523. GOCKEN V. WASHINGTON, ante, p. 851;
No, 98-9573, JIMENEZ V. GENERAL MOT0S CORP. ET AL,,
ante, p. 854; No. 93-9581. LLOYD V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND
HUMAN SERVICES, ante, p. 854; No. 93-9762. RUSSELL V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 864; No. 93-9764. BESINGA V. UNITED STATES ET AL., ante, p. 864; No. 93-9784. IN RE CRAWFORD, ante, p. 806; No. 94-114. DAVIs v. NEW JERSEY BELL, ante, p. 871; No. 94-143. NELSON ET AL. v. MASSACHUSETTS ET AL., ante,
p. 872; No. 94-5143. GUINN v. COOPER, WARDEN, ET AL., ante, p. 887; No. 94-5177. BLEICKEN V. PERKINS ET AL., ante, p. 889; No. 94-5242. WILSON v. CITY OF BERKELEY ET AL., ante,
p. 892; No. 94-5336. IN RE CRUMB, ante, p. 805; and No. 94-5491. GUICHARD V. WISNIESKI ET AL., ante, p. 903.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 93-115. NYSA-ILA WELFARE FUND ET AL. v. DUNSTON, NEW JERSEY COMMISSIONER OF HEALTH, ET AL., 510 U. S. 944. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 93-738. OBERLE, AKA JONES V. UNITED STATES, 510 U. S. 1025. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis granted. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
NOVEMBER 15, 1994
Miscellaneous Order
No. 94-167. GUTIERREZ DE MARTINEZ ET AL. v. LAMAGNO ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 998.] Michael K. Kellogg, Esq., of Washington, D. C., a member of the Bar of this Court, is invited to brief and argue this case as amicus curiae in support of the judgment below.

NOVEMBER 21, 1994
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-670. CALDWELL ET UX. V. UNITED STATES. Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46. below: 32 F. 3d 573.

C. A. 9th Reported

ORDERS

1011

513 U. S.

NOVEMBER 28, 1994
CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 94-392. WARD v. TEXAS. Ct. App. Tex., 1st Dist. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Department of Revenue of Mont. v. Kurth Ranch, 511 U. S. 767 (1994). Reported below: 870 S. W. 2d 659.
No. 94-428. RISTOW ET UX. v. SOUTH CAROLINA PORTS AUTHORITY ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Hess v. Port Authority Trans-Hudson Corporation,ante, p. 30. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 84.

Miscellaneous Orders

No. - -

LAUGHTER v. BELK-SIMPSON; and

No. -

. MESTER V. SAIKI ET AL. Motions for reconsider-

ation of order denying leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari

out of time [ante, p. 802] denied.

No. No.

LEE ET AL. v. FLIGHTSAFETY SERVICES ET AL.;
NICHOLSON ET AL. V. COONEY, SECRETARY OF

STATE OF MONTANA, ET AL.;

No. ---.

MENDLOW V. UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON ET

AL.; and

No. ---.

KERSH v. DEVEN LITHOGRAPHERS, INC. Mo-

tions to direct the Clerk to file petitions for writs of certiorari

out of time denied.

No.

MORETTI v. RED ROOF INN ET AL. Motion to

direct the Clerk to file petition for writ of certiorari out of time

and without a final judgment from the highest court of the State

in which a judgment could be had denied.

No. A-292. IN RE APPLICATION OF HIRSCH. Dist. Ct. Ore.,
Josephine County. Application for stay, addressed to JUSTICE SCALIA and referred to the Court, denied.

No. A-313. BEDDOE V. UNITED STATES ET AL. D. C. E. D.
Cal. Application for stay, addressed to JUSTICE THOMAS and referred to the Court, denied.

1012

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 28, 1994

513 U. S.

No. A-344 (94-892). C. W., BY HER GUARDIAN AD LITEM, MCKINLEY v. WASIEK. Super. Ct. Pa. Application for stay, addressed to JUSTICE GINSBURG and referred to the Court, denied.
No. D-1462. IN RE DISBARMENT OF O'KEEFE. A response to the rule to show cause having been filed, it is ordered that the rule to show cause is hereby discharged, and the order heretofore entered October 11, 1994 [ante, p. 923], suspending respondent from the practice of law in this Court is vacated.
No. 93-1202. BRUNWASSER v. STEINER, 510 U.S. 1195. Motion of petitioner to vacate order of May 2, 1994 [511 U.S. 1067], denied.
No. 93-1841. ADARAND CONSTRUCTORS, INC. V. PENA, SECRE-
TARY OF TRANSPORTATION, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. [Certiorari
granted, 512 U. S. 1288.] Motion of L. S. Lee, Inc., et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae out of time granted.
No. 93-1935. CURTISS-WRIGHT CORP. v. SCHOONEJONGEN ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1288.] Motion of Chamber of Commerce of the United States for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted.
No. 93-7927. KYLES V. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 511 U. S. 1051.] Motion of petitioner for leave to file a supplemental brief after argument granted.
No. 94-3. REYNOLDSVILLE CASKET CO. ET AL. v. HYDE. Sup. Ct. Ohio. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 921.] Motion of Dalkon Shield Claimants Trust for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted.
No. 94-18. MASTROBUONO ET AL. V. SHEARSON LEHMAN HUTTON, INC., ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 921.] Motions of American Association of Limited Partners and Public Investors Arbitration Bar Association for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted.
No. 94-6263. DEGGENDORF ET AL. V. MICHIGAN. Ct. App. Mich.; and
No. 94-6293. SAMPANG v. DETRICK. C. A. 4th Cir. Motions of petitioners for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. Petitioners are allowed until December 19, 1994, within which to

ORDERS

513 U.S.

November 28, 1994

pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit petitions in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.
No. 94-6267. FERTEL-RUST v. MILWAUKEE POLICE DEPARTMENT ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir.;
No. 94-6268. FERTEL-RUST v. AMBASSADOR HOTEL ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir.; and
No. 94-6340. IN RE WHITAKER. Motions of petitioners for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. See this Court's Rule 39.8. Petitioners are allowed until December 19, 1994, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit petitions in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.
No. 94-6627. IN RE WILSON. C. A. 8th Cir. Petition for writ of common-law certiorari denied.
No. 94-6621. IN RE GRANADA. Petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 94-628. IN RE TAYLOR ET AL.; and No. 94-6494. IN RE CHAUDHARY. Petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 94-588. IN RE BIGGINS. C. A. 1st Cir. Petition for writ of mandamus and/or certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 126.

Certiorari Granted
No. 94-270. UNITED STATES v. AGUILAR. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1475.
No. 94-590. VERNONIA SCHOOL DISTRICT 47J v. ACTON ET UX., GUARDIANS AD LITEM FOR ACTON. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1514.
No. 94-562. WILTON ET AL. V. SEVEN FALLS CO. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari granted. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 934.
No. 94-623. VIMAR SEGUROS Y REASEGUROS, S. A. v. MV SKY REEFER ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Motion of Maritime Law Association of the United States for leave to file a brief as amicus

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 28, 1994

513 U. S.

curiae granted. Certiorari granted. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion and this petition. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 727.
No. 94-5707. WILSON v. ARKANSAS. Sup. Ct. Ark. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 317 Ark. 548, 878 S. W, 2d 755.

CertiorariDenied. (See also Nos. 94-6627 and 94-588, supra.)
No. 93-1958. FELDMAN V. BAHN ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 730.
No. 93-7963. SCOTT v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1223.
No. 93-8910. LEWIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1544.
No. 93-9295. WALDRON V.IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 511.
No. 93-9484. RICHARDSON V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 93-9645. LAWRENCE v. RILEY, SECRETARY OF EDUCATION,
ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1232.
No. 93-9758. FERRAN ET AL. v. TOWN OF NASSAU, NEW YORK, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 21.
No. 94-22. WASHINGTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1111.
No. 94-32. ALLSTATE INSURANCE Co. v. DEUS ET AL.; and No. 94-427. DEUS v. ALLSTATE INSURANCE CO. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 506.
No. 94-44. BELKNAP v. HENDERSON ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1305.
No. 94-161. HEUER V. UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF STATE. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 424.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

November 28, 1994

No. 94-231. ANDERSON ET AL. V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-243. TILLEY ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18' F. 3d 295.
No. 94-280. GLEAVE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1313.
No. 94-342. GAEV V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 473.
No. 94-362. ACEVEDO-VILLALOBOS ET AL. V. HERNANDEZ ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 384.
No. 94-364. A. MICHAEL'S PIANO, INC. v. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 138.
No. 94-365. GRANT v. LONE STAR CO. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 649.
No. 94-368. VERNON HOME HEALTH CARE AGENCY, INC. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 693.
No. 94-370. FUNDERBURG v. UNITED STATES RAILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 400.
No. 94-390. AMERICAN WATER DEVELOPMENT, INC. V. CITY OF ALAMOSA ET AL. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 874 P. 2d 352.
No. 94-399. HOBLEY V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 159 Ill. 2d 272, 637 N. E. 2d 992.
No. 94-400. CATERAIR INTERNATIONAL v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1114.
No. 94-404. ROTH v. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1108.
No. 94-405. VASTOLA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 164.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 28, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-411. PIPING OF OHIO, INC. v. REICH, SECRETARY OF LABOR, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1049.
No. 94-440. SETOLA ET AL. v. BOB SCHMIDT CHEVROLET, INC., ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 567.
No. 94-502. AFANEH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1214.
No. 94-513. CONSERVOLITE, INC. V. WIDMAYER. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1098.
No. 94-563. DAVIS v. OHIo. Ct. App. Ohio, Franklin County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-566. FREEMAN V. JOHNSTON. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 84 N. Y. 2d 52, 637 N. E. 2d 268.
No. 94-569. CASA VEERKAMP, S. A. DE C. V., ET AL. V. KREIMERMAN ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 634.
No. 94-570. MICHIGAN BELL TELEPHONE Co. v. DEPARTMENT OF TREASURY OF MICHIGAN ET AL. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 445 Mich. 470, 518 N. W. 2d 808.
No. 94-571. R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO. ET AL. V.MANGINI. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 7 Cal. 4th 1057, 875 P. 2d 73.
No. 94-573. MELLO ET UX. V. WOODHOUSE ET AL. Sup. Ct. Nev. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 110 Nev. 366, 872 P. 2d 337.
No. 94-574. JOHN G. AND MARIE STELLA KENEDY MEMORIAL FOUNDATION V. MAURO, COMMISSIONER, GENERAL LAND OFFICE, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 667.
No. 94-576. ROBERTSON, CHAPTER 7 TRUSTEE OF INTERNA-
TIONAL NUTRONICS, INC. V. ISOMEDIX, INC., ET AL. C. A. 9th
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 965.
No. 94-578. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ET AL. V. LAMPKIN ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 605.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

November 28, 1994

No. 94-581. Foss MARITIME Co. v. ETTINGER. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-593. HOPPING V. INDIANA. Sup. Ct. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 N. E. 2d 1294.
No. 94-595. ILQ INVESTMENTS, INC., ET AL. V.CITY OF ROCHESTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1413.
No. 94-597. MYERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1122.
No. 94-599. RHINEHART ET AL. V. SEATTLE TIMES ET AL. Ct. App. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 69 Wash. App. 1067.
No. 94-603. BLACK V. J. I. CASE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 568.
No. 94-607. EDER v. ITT CORP. ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1039.

No. 94-609. PULASTY v. NEW JERSEY. Sup. Ct. N. J. Certio-
rari denied. Reported below: 136 N. J. 356, 642 A. 2d 1392.
No. 94-610. BRANSON v. HABER. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 244.
No. 94-614. YAGMAN & YAGMAN, P. C. v. GATES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 73.
No. 94-616. ZAPATA PROTEIN (USA), INC., FKA ZAPATA HAYNIE CORP. v. BUTLER. Ct. App. La., 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 633 So. 2d 1274.
No. 94-619. VEMCO, INC. v. CAMARDELLA ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 129.
No. 94-621. SPARTANBURG STEEL PRODUCTS, INC. V. CONSTANT. Sup. Ct. S. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 316 S. C. 86, 447 S. E. 2d 194.
No. 94-622. GREENE V. SOUTH CAROLINA ELECTION COMMISSION ET AL. Sup. Ct. S. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 314 S. C. 449, 445 S. E. 2d 451.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 28,1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-626. BAKER v. BENNETT ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 633 So. 2d 91.
No. 94-632. MAURICE SPORTING GOODS, INC. V. MAXWAY CORP. ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 980.
No. 94-633. BELL V. SUPERMARKETS GENERAL CORP., T/A PATHMARK. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 555.
No. 94-635. CARPENTERS HEALTH AND WELFARE TRUST
FUND FOR CALIFORNIA ET AL. V. TRI-CAPITAL CORP. ET AL.
C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 849.
No. 94-640. SCANLON V. STATE BAR OF GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 251, 443 S. E. 2d 830.
No. 94-643. McLAREN v. HARLAN. Ct. App. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 72 Wash. App. 1009.
No. 94-646. RITTER, BANKRUPTCY TRUSTEE, SUBSTITUTE FOR CONDREY V. HOWARD ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 624.
No. 94-651. EXPORTADORA DE SAL, S. A. DE C. V. v. SUGIMOTO ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 19 F. 3d 1309.
No. 94-658. HODGE ET AL. V. JONES ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 157.
No. 94-659. D. G. v. T. M. N. ET AL. Ct. App. Kan. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 Kan. App. 2d 574, 874 P. 2d 680.
No. 94-667. MCLENAGAN V. KARNES ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1002.
No. 94-668. MENDENHALL ET AL. V. ASTE.C INDUSTRIES, INC., ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1573.
No. 94-669. BADARAYAN v. DRAKE ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1038.

ORDERS

1019

513 U. S.

November 28, 1994

No. 94-676. WILLIAMS ET AL. V. PHILLIPS PETROLEUM CO. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 930.
No. 94-685. MURPHY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 M. J. 486.

No. 94-686. :ZABKAR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 M. J. 97.
No. 94-687. Ross v. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 M. J. 103.
No. 94-698. SHADIAN ET UX. v. CARMENITA ASSOCIATES.
C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-707. FULLER V. PERRY, SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir' Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 86.
No. 94-710. OKON v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1025.
No. 94-711. UNITED MINE WORKERS OF AMERICA, DISTRICT 28 V. ISLAND CREEK COAL CO. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 126.
No. 94-722. CONKLIN V. UNITED STATES. C. 'A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1105.
No. 94-726. CLARK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below:' 13 F. 3d 409.
No. 94-727. HEYWARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 M. J. 106.
No. 94-736. RICHARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1458.
No. 94-740. WILSON v. CENTRAL FREIGHT LINES, INC. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1119.
No. 94-758. MOBILE MEDEX, INC. v. BRAMUCCI, COMMISSIONER OF LABOR OF NEW JERSEY. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 558.

1020

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 28, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-760. LEDONNE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1418.

No. 94-777. WEST V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 586.

No. 94-5062. YANKELEVICZ V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 9.

No. 94-5380. LESTER V. JABE, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 407.

No. 94-5403. tiorari denied. 1224.

WEBBER v. BYERS ET AL. Super. Ct. Pa. CerReported below: 433 Pa. Super. 625, 636 A. 2d

No. 94-5416. CORDOVA V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5451. BRIMMER V. TENNESSEE. Sup. Ct. Tenn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 876 S. W. 2d 75.
No. 94-5467. SUMRALL v. GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 148, 442 S. E. 2d 246.
No. 94-5647. NOLLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 80.
No. 94-5792. VILLALOBOS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1098.
No. 94-5803. JOVANOVIC ET UX. V. STAINED GLASS OVERLAY, INC. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 138.
No. 94-5853. KITCHEN V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 159 Ill. 2d 1, 636 N. E. 2d 433.
No. 94-5866. ROMAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 35.
No. 94-5873. CUARTAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5878. FAIR v. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 159 Ill. 2d 51, 636 N. E. 2d 455.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

November 28, 1994

No. 94-5895. ZIMMERMAN v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 881 S. W. 2d 360.
No. 94-5932. HATFIELD V. DAUGHERTY, GARRAD DISTRICT
JUDGE, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir, Certiorari denied, Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1048.
No. 94-6009. LAVOLD V. CHANG ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6056. BROWN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 953.
No. 94-6111. JOHNSTON V. WISCONSIN. Sup. Ct. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 184 Wis. 2d 794, 518 N. W. 2d 759.
No. 94-6142. PLATSKY V. STUDEMAN ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 102.
No. 94-6151. HOLMES v. LOUISIANA. Ct. App. La., 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 622 So. 2d 877.
No. 94-6152. ETEMAD v. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6157. MILLER v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6163. REISS v. CLARKSTOWN ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6164. LYONS v. KIERNAN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 131.
No. 94-6166. ABIDEKUN V. NEW YORK ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6174. KIRAKOSSIAN V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6179. ANDREWS V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 434 Pa. Super. 682, 641 A. 2d 1218.
No. 94-6180. CHILDS v. MISSOURI. Ct. App. Mo., Eastern Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 876 S. W. 2d 781.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 28, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-6181. SPORTS V. VAUGHN, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 254.
No. 94-6184. VINING v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 So. 2d 921.
No. 94-6188. BEDFORD V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No, 94-618f, BOLENDER V,SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA
DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1547.

No. 94-6200. NENNINGER V. MISSOURI. Ct. App. Mo., Southern Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 872'S. W. 2d 589.
No. 94-6201. LOVE v. STALDER, SECRETARY, LOUISIANA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6204. CHARLTON V. PARAMUS BOARD OF EDUCATION ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 194.
No. 94-6206. KEENAN V. MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6207. IRBY V. MACHT ET AL. Sup. Ct. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 184 Wis. 2d 831, 522 N. W. 2d 9.

No. 94-6209. FREEMAN V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 876 P. 2d 283.

No. 94-6215. tiorari denied. 302.

ADAMO V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. CerReported below: 431 Pa. Super. 529, 637 A. 2d

No. 94-6231. LEWIS V.JONES, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 641.

No. 94-6234. LOPEZ ROJAS v. RATELLE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 132.

No. 94-6239. SHELDON V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 7 Cal. 4th 1136, 875 P. 2d 83.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

November 28, 1994

No. 94-6244. HYDRICK V.GOMEZ, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6247. EDINBYRD V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6249. HUTCHINGS V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DE-
PARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION.
C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6250. HARRISON V.OKLAHOMA ET AL. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6252. KIRBY v. ALABAMA. Sup. Cf. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 643 So. 2d 587.
No. 94-6254. HOOPER V. CARLTON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6255. SAINTIL v. FLORIDA. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 So. 2d 251.
No. 94-6257. WILLIAMS V. BUNNELL, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 136.
No. 94-6259. WALLACE V. SMITH, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 132.
No. 94-6264. WALLACE V. STINSON, SUPERINTENDENT, GREAT MEADOW CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 621.
No. 94-6265. TRAYLOR V. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 37.
No. 94-6266. FIELDS V.CITY OF WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA; and FIELDS v. GRAHAM, MAYOR OF THE CITY OF WEST PALM BEACH, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 632 So. 2d 1026 (first case); 630 So. 2d 1099 (second case).
No. 94-6276. VALDEZ V.JOY TECHNOLOGIES ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 623.
No. 94-6285. LUCAS v. MICHIGAN. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 201 Mich. App. 717, 507 N. W. 2d 5.

1024

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 28, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-6286. ROLDAN V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6288. STORY V. INDT, WARDEN. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 402.
No. 94-6290. GUTIERREZ MARQUEZ v. GUNN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 632.
No. 94-6291. LARKINS V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6292. WUNDERLICH V. HUNTER. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6295. SKELLY v. HEIDEMANN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 132.

No. 94-6296. STEIN v. LEWIS ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 108.
No. 94-6297. HOOPER V. MORGAN COUNTY, TENNESSEE, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6303. AMMAR V. WELSCH. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 99 Md. App. 740.

No. 94-6310. RAmos v. COUGHLIN, COMMISSIONER, NEW YORK
STATE DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONAL SERVICES, ET AL. C. A.
2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6311. PATTEN v. RUTTGER ET AL. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6312. OLIVER V. WHITE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6315. MCCOMBS v. COOLEDGE ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 563.

No. 94-6318. ESTRELLA v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS
AFFAIRS. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1108.

No. 94-6322. ESPARZA V.JOHNSON, DEPUTY DIRECTOR, TEXAS
DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, HEALTH SERVICES DIVI-

ORDERS

1025

513 U.S.

November 28, 1994

SION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1492.
No. 94-6335. CARNELL V.REED ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1120.
No. 94-6343. WERNER V. BERGEN COUNTY JAIL ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 125.
No. 94-6345. HERRON-COLE V. JETER ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 407.
No. 94-6347. GOODWIN V. MAZUREK, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF MONTANA, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6348. JAMERSON V. CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1113.
No. 94-6351. JOHNSON v. Epps. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 566.
No. 94-6358. DIAZ LOPEZ v. COMMONWEALTH OIL REFINING Co., INC., ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 619.
No. 94-6359. PAYNE V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6364. CHAMBLISS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 48.
No. 94-6370. KIRKPATRICK v. STOTTS, SECRETARY, KANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 142.
No. 94-6376. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 640.
No. 94-6377. WORDS v. KANSAS. Dist. Ct. Sedgwick County, Kan. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6381. SINAI V. NEW ENGLAND TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH CO. ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. . Reported below: 3 F. 3d 471.

1026

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 28, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-6393. POWELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1212.
No. 94-6395. MOSES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1095.
No. 94-6404. HOLLOWAY v. HUNDLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 627.
No. 94-6406. COOPER V. COX ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6410. MCBRIDE v. HEAD ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6417. MCAFEE v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6426. HOFFMAN V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 536 Pa. 546, 640 A. 2d 414.
No. 94-6435. OTTO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1395.
No. 94-6440. SMATHERS V. GREINER. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1173.
No. 94-6442. RANDALL V. FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH
AND REHABILITATIVE SERVICES OF VOLUSIA COUNTY ET AL.
C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 639.
No. 94-6450. GREEN V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6452. GARRETT V. PERRY, SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1098.
No. 94-6473. PEREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 60.
No. 94-6490. RAMSEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1489.
No. 94-6493. DUBYAK V. SMITH, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1027

513 U. S.

November 28, 1994

No. 94-6495. CLARK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 23.
No. 94-6498. FALCONE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 116.
No. 94-6502. EARLY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 140.
No. 94-6509. LUCAS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 397.
No. 94-6511. ROSAS v. UNITED STATES.. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-6514. MOODY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1493.
No. 94-6515. MUNOZ-SOLARTE ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-6516. PEDRICK v. FLORIDA. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 2d
Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 So. 2d 756.

No. 94-6519. BURGESS v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certio-
rari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1497.
No. 94-6520. DAY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1493.
No. 94-6521. CRAVEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1211.,
No. 94-6522. NICHOLS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1098.
No. 94-6529. CASTRO GAXIOLA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 635.
No. 94-6530. PFEIFFER V. ARIZONA ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6531. RuIz v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 3 F. 3d 439.
No. 94-6533. HEATON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 629.

1028

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 28, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-6534. JAMES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 569.
No. 94-6535. FURUTANI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1109.
No. 94-6536. JONES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 276.
No. 94-6539. SAUER v. ALASKA ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 132.
No. 94-6540. VLADIMIROV v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 49.
No. 94-6542. DAHLHEIM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 635.
No. 94-6543. ALLBRIGHT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1494.
No. 94-6544. GARZA-HERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1494.
No. 94-6546. DAVILA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 640.
No. 94-6548. WEEKS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 605.
No. 94-6549. TREVINO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 563.
No. 94-6550. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 568.
No. 94-6551. SANTOS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1497.
No. 94-6552. DENOYER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 635.
No. 94-6554. CARDENAS-LOPEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1494.
No. 94-6555. BENTLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1073.

ORDERS

1029

513 U.S.

November 28, 1994

No. 94-6558. HART V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1124.
No. 94-6561. LINDSEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 68.
No. 94-6562. RICHARDSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1490.
No. 94-6563. PARKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 542.
No. 94-6564. PATTERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 132.

No. 94-6565. RUBIO-VASQUES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 60.

No. 94-6566. RINCON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 921.
No. 94-6567. O'BANNON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1495.

No. 94-6572. HUGHES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1044.
No. 94-6573. HARDISON v. NEVADA. Sup. Ct. Nev. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 110 Nev. 1542, 893 P. 2d 404.

No. 94-6576. HUMPHREY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1493.

No. 94-6577. FLORES-JUAREZ, AKA GONZALEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 635.
No. 94-6583. HIEBERT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1005.
No. 94-6587. PEREZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1060.
No. 94-6588. HENRY V. SPECKARD, SUPERINTENDENT, GROVELAND CORRECTIONAL FACILITY, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1209.

1030

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 28, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-6590. BANDY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1119.
No. 94-6592. WELCH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 573.
No. 94-6596. SANCHEZ V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1175.
No. 94-6598. EDELSON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 635.
No. 94-6600. GREEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1117.

No. 94-6603. CHONG IN KIM v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1426.
No. 94-6604. HUGHES, AKA WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1496.
No. 94-6606. JEFFERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 569.

No. 94-6609. CAMARGO-VERGARA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1075.
No. 94-6611. ARCE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1494.

No. 94-6616. PABLO TURRUELLAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1121.
No. 94-6625. STRICKLAND V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 110.
No. 94-6629. BAKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1498.
No. 94-6631. TRACY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 199.

No. 94-6632. TODD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1095.

No. 94-6635. WRIGHT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 563.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

November 28, 1994

No. 94-6636. GRANGER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 557.
No. 94-6637. LINARES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1498.
No. 94-6638. MCCLAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1172.
No. 94-6639. MAXWELL ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1389. '
No. 94-6641. OLVERA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F 3d 1195.
No. 94-6642. MORRIS v.. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 537 Pa. 417, 644 A. 2d 721.
'No. 94-6648. SULEIMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. '7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 570.
No. 94-6649. FOY v. UNITED STATES. C.A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 464.,
No. 94-6650. 'MCDOWELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 561.
'No. 94-6651. MCALPINE V. UNITED STAtrES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 484.
No. 94-6652. CHESNEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. '3d 134.
No. 94-6655. SLAGEL v. SHELL OIL REFINERY ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 410.
No. 94-6659. HOLST V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. 'Reported below: 28 F. 3d 109.
No. 94-6666. PHILLIPS v. NEW JERSEY. Sup. Ct. N. J. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 138 N. J. 265, 649 A. 2d 1285.
No. 94-6668. FORD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 445.
No. 94-6670. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1121.

1032

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 28, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-6681. JOHANSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1497.
No. 94-6684. BESHAW V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6687. BAZE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 569.
No. 94-6693. FRANKLIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 131.
No. 94-6696. SALEMI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1084.
No. 94-6697. VEGAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 445.
No. 94-6713. DUDZINSKI V. CITY OF LIVONIA, MICHIGAN. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 446 Mich. 854, 520 N. W. 2d 152.
No. 94-381. INTERNATIONAL PRIMATE PROTECTION LEAGUE
ET AL. V. ADMINISTRATORS OF TULANE EDUCATIONAL FUND
ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE SCALIA took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1094.
No. 94-388. ARVEY, HODES, COSTELLO & BURMAN v. KLINE ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Motions of American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and Business & Financial Lawyers et al. for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 480.

No. 94-591. OHIO V. SINGFIELD. Ct. App. Ohio, Summit County. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pau-
peris granted. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-592. DOHERTY, DIRECTOR, ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF EMPLOYMENT SECURITY V. PENNINGTON. C. A. 7th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1376.
No. 94-618. IOWA ET AL. V. HOLIDAY INNS FRANCHISING, INC., ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took

ORDERS

1033

513 U. S.

November 28, 1994

no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 383.
No. 94-6409 (A-293). OWENS ET UX. v. EMC MORTGAGE CORP. Sup. Ct. Ga. Application for stay, addressed to JUSTICE THOMAS and referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.
Rehearing Denied
No. D-1413. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KILPATRICK, ante, p. 803; No. 93-1441. WALSH v. DELAWARE ET AL., ante, p. 806; No. 93-1547. IN RE SMITH, ante, p. 807; No. 93-1679. BRITENBACH V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 808; No. 93-1827. LOKAY V. AMERICAN REAL ESTATE CORP., ante, p. 810; No. 93-1840. HUDSON V. VARNEY ET AL., ante, p. 811; No. 93-1967. JACKSON V. MANHATTAN AND BRONX SURFACE TRANSIT OPERATING AUTHORITY ET AL., ante, p. 818; No. 93-1972. LOPEZ v. BEHLES, TRUSTEE; and LOPEZ V. BEHLES, TRUSTEE, ET AL., ante, p. 818; No. 93-2020. PERKINS V. WESTERN SURETY Co., ante, p. 821; No. 93-2025. SPALETTA V. COUNTY OF MENDOCINO EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT ASSN. ET AL., ante, p. 821; No. 93-2096. BONSER v. TOWN OF NOTTINGHAM, NEW HAMPSHIRE, ante, p. 918; No. 93-2097. BONSER v. TOWN OF NOTTINGHAM, NEW HAMPSHIRE, ante, p. 918; No. 93-8712. LARISCY ET UX. V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 828; No. 93-8843. MOTLEY V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ante, p. 960; No. 93-9102. CASTRO VASQUEZ V. MYERS, WARDEN, ante, p. 833; No. 93-9157. FLEMING V. ROCHA, WARDEN, ante, p. 834; No. 93-9160. DOERR V. COUNTY OF SAN BERNARDINO, CALIFORNIA, ET AL., ante, p. 834; No. 93-9195. RICE V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 836; No. 93-9203. GRANT V. OHIO, ante, p. 836; No. 93-9269. PREUSS v. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, ante, p. 839; No. 93-9270. BAKER V. MILLER ET AL., ante, p. 839; No. 93-9275. HAMILTON V. MORRISON, WARDEN, ET AL., ante, p. 839;

1034

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 28, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 93-9288. LEONARD V. ROSE'S DEPARTMENT STORE, ante, p. 839;
No. 93-9289. MELENDEZ V. ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF EcoNOMIC SECURITY ET AL., ante, p. 839;
No. 93-9296. BAKER v. KELLEY ET AL., ante, p. 840; No. 93-9325. LONG v. TEXAS,' ante, p. 841; No. 93-9339. VINCENT v. REYNOLDS MEMORIAL HOSPITAL ET AL., ante, p. 841; No. 93-9375. KNELLER V. KNELLER, ante, p. 843; No. 93-9421. DENSMORE V. MICHIGAN, ante, p. 845; No. 93-9423. MCLEOD v. LOUDOUN COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES ET AL., ante, p. 845; No. 93-9428. WILLIAMSON ET AL. V. KING COUNTY, WASHINGTON, ante, p. 846; No. 93-9440. RODENBAUGH v. CURTO, ante, p. 846; No. 93-9459. ROUNDTREE V. MILLER ET AL., ante, p. 848; No. 93-9501. YACKS V. 'JOHNSON, WARDEN, ante, p. 850; No. 93-9544. STEWART V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 852; No. 93-9548. HERRICK V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 926; No. 93-9567., McCoY v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ET AL.,
ante, p. 854; No. 93-9580. LEE v. BENJAMIN FRANKLIN FEDERAL SAVINGS
ASSN. ET AL., ante, p. 854; No. 93-9604. LEWIS v. THOMPSON, WARDEN, ante, p. 856; No. 93-9612. IN RE FROMAL, ante, p. 856;
No. 93-9620. ROGERS v. REED-FLEMING ET AL., ante, p. 856; No. 93-9623. TRANTINO V. ROTHSTEIN, ante, p. 857; No. 93-9624. BATTEN V. OHIO, ante, p. 857; No. 93-9640. RODENBAUGH V. SINGER, ante, p. 858;
No. 93-9641. QUINTANILLA V. ORANGE COUNTY PERSONNEL DIVISION OF SHERIFF CORONER DEPARTMENT ET AL., ante,
p. 858; No. 93-9650. AGHA V. WEST, SECRETARY OF THE ARMY,
ET AL., ante, p. 858; No. 93-9655. FERDIK V. MCFADDEN, WARDEN, ET AL., ante,
p. 858; No. 93-9662. AGUILAR v. NEW MEXICO, ante, p. 859; No. 93-9677. PETTIGREW V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 860; No. 93-9776. AGUILAR V. NEW MEXICO, ante, p. 865;

ORDERS

1035

513 U. S.

November 28, 1994

No. 94-118. D-LANDCO ET AL. V. OKLAHOMA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION, ante, p. 871;
No. 94-137. SEAL V. SEAL, ante, p. 872; No. 94-146. IN RE JOHNSON, ante, p. 806; No. 94-165. SRINIVASAN V. SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, Los ANGELES COUNTY (RIO HONDO COMMUNITY COLLEGE DIsTRICT, REAL PARTY IN INTEREST), ante, p. 873; No. 94-170. ROSENFELD V. RIVER PLACE EAST HOUSING CORP., ante, p. 874; No. 94-198. KILE V. APPELLATE DEPARTMENT, SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF PLACER (TREPANTIS, REAL PARTY IN INTEREST), ante, p. 875; No. 94-336. SMITH V. WASHINGTON METROPOLITAN AREA
TRANSIT AUTHORITY ET AL., ante, p. 947;
No. 94-406. TALLEY V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, ante, p. 932;
No. 94-5001. BURRESS V. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ET AL.,
ante, p. 879; No. 94-5008. BROWN v. HOWARD-PALMER ET AL., ante, p. 879; No. 94-5014. IUSAN v. NEW YORK CITY DEPARTMENT OF
HOUSING PRESERVATION AND DEVELOPMENT ET AL., ante, p. 879;
No. 94-5030. THOMPSON V. RONE, WARDEN, ante, p. 880;
No. 94-5046. KONTAKIS V. MORTON, ADMINISTRATOR, NEW
JERSEY STATE PRISON, ET AL., ante, p. 881; No. 94-5121. JENORIKI V. UNITED STATES POSTAL INSPECTION
SERVICE OF HOUSTON, TEXAS, ET AL., ante, p. 885;
No. 94-5158. BURRESS V. CHRISTIANITY & CRISIS, INC., ET AL.; ante, p. 887;
No. 94-5165. PRAIMNATH V. AMERICAN CABLEVISION OF QUEENS, INC., ante, p. 888;
No. 94-5174. FROMAL V. MCCAULEY ET AL., ante, p. 888; No. 94-5184. RICCO v. GALLO, ante, p. 889;
No. 94-5195. CHRISTIANSON V. RELFE ET AL., ante, p. 890; No. 94-5197. CURIALE ET UX. V. BURTON ET AL., ante, p. 890;
No. 94-5237. LEE v. NORTH CAROLINA, ante, p. 891; No. 94-5248. SLOAN V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ante,
p. 892; No. 94-5308. FRIEND V. UNITED TECHNOLOGIES/HAMILTON
STANDARD ET AL., ante, p. 895; No. 94-5367. MOORE v. NORTH CAROLINA, ante, p. 898;

1036

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

November 28, 29, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-5383. ROGERS V. ZANT, WARDEN, ante, p. 899; No. 94-5396. DUSENBERY V. UNITED STAIES, ante, p. 899; No. 94-5483. BAUER V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 903; No. 94-5486. GRIFFIN V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 949; No. 94-5527. TOEGEMANN V. RHODE ISLAND, ante, p. 920; No. 94-5538. LIEDTKE V. STATE BAR OF TEXAS ET AL., ante, p. 906; No. 94-5544. MARTIN V. INITIAL U. S. A., ante, p. 906; No. 94-5547. ADAMS V. CONNECTICUT, ante, p. 906; No. 94-5631. DUSENBERY V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 909; No. 94-5633. CHATIMA V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 944; No. 94-5669. BAUER V. UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUS-
TICE ET AL., ante, p. 910; No. 94-5676. RUFF v. SbUTH CAROLINA ET AL., ante, p. 936; No. 94-5681. FLANAGAN ET UX. V. RESOLUTION TRUST COR-
PORATION ET AL. (two cases), ante, p. 911; No. 94-5824. MCINTYRE V. CROUCH ET AL., ante, p. 914; No. 94-5864. COLE V. INDIANA, ante, p. 940; No. 94-5885. IN RE TUCKER, ante, p. 806; and No. 94-5904. ACEVEDO v. RICHARDSON, COMMISSIONER OF IN-
TERNAL REVENUE, ante, p. 940. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 93-9780. DUPONT V. DUBOISE, WARDEN, ET AL., ante, p. 916;
No. 94-385. EXXON CORP. ET AL. v. EYAK NATIVE VILLAGE ET AL., ante, p. 943; and
No. 94-5122. ENO v. DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, ante, p. 916. Petitions for rehearing denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of these petitions.
No. 94-5471. CAIN V. MISSOURI STATE BOARD OF PODIATRY MEDICINE, ante, p. 902. Motion of petitioner to defer consideration of petition for rehearing denied. Petition for rehearing denied.
Rehearing Denied NOVEMBER 29, 1994
No. 94-5319 (A-370). CLARK v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ante, p. 966. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Petition for rehearing denied.

ORDERS

1037

513 U. S.

December 2, 5, 1994

DECEMBER 2, 1994
Dismissal Under Rule 46 No. 94-6653. NYBERG V. RISKA ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Cer-
tiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.

DECEMBER 5, 1994

Dismissals Under Rule 46
No. 94-6132. IN RE REIDT. Petition for writ of mandamus dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.
No. 94-6133. IN RE GEURIN. Petition for writ of mandamus dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.

Miscellaneous Orders

No. - - -.

HOGGARD V. PURKETT, SUPERINTENDENT, FARM-

INGTON CORRECTIONAL CENTER;

No. - -

LEVARIO v. STATE BAR OF TEXAS;

No. -

. LORD v. DUCKWORTH; and

No. - -

VITALE ET UX. V. PERFECTION MANAGEMENT

CO., INC., ET AL. Motions to direct the Clerk to file petitions for writs of certiorari out of time denied.

No. D-1444. IN RE DISBARMENT OF GASPERI. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1276.]

No. D-1454. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ANTHONY. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1282.]

No. D-1457. IN RE DISBARMENT OF GERLIN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1285.]
No. D-1460. IN RE DISBARMENT OF FRIEDMAN. Disbarment
entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 803.]

No. D-1469. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BONETA. It is ordered that Philip L. Boneta, of New York, N. Y., be suspended from the
practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1470. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ROCKER. It is ordered that Andrew Joseph Rocker, of Cambridge, Ohio, be suspended

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 5, 1994

513 U. S.

from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this: Court.
No. D-1471. IN RE DISBARMENT OF NILES. It is ordered that Peter L. Niles, of Daytona Beach, Fla., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1472. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CULLEN. It is ordered that Thomas P. Cullen, Jr., of Woodside, N. Y, be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1474. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MURPHY. It is ordered that James Patrick Murphy, of Houston, Tex., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1475. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KINCAID. It is ordered that James G. Kincaid, of Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1476. IN RE DISBARMENT OF GIBBES. It is ordered that Brian Peter Gibbes, of Hilton Head, S. C., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1477. IN RE DISBARMENT OF DAwKINS. It is ordered that Reuben Samuel Dawkins, of Boston, Mass., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1478. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CHASTAIN. It is ordered that Randall Meads Chastain, of Columbia, S. C., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

December 5, 1994

No. D-1479. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KING. It is ordered that Harold T. King,, of Bridgehampton, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1480. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MACK. It is ordered that John Eugene Mack, of New London, Minn., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1481. IN RE DISBARMENT OF LIEBER. It is ordered that Paul Gerald Lieber, of New York, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1482. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KNIGHT. It is ordered that Robert Clyde Knight, of Darien, Wis., be, suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause 'why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1483. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MORIN. It is ordered that Volney Frederick Morin, Jr., of Ashland, Ore., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 93-1408. NEW YORK STATE CONFERENCE OF BLUE CROSS & BLUE SHIELD PLANS ET 'AL. v. TRAVELERS INSURANCE
Co. ET AL.;
No. 93-1414. CuoMo, GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK, ET AL. V. TRAVELERS INSURANCE CO. ET AL.; and
No. 93-1415. HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION OF NEW YORK STATE V. TRAVELERS INSURANCE CO. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 920.] Motion of respondents New York State
Health Maintenance Organization Conference et al. for divided
argument granted to be divided as follows: 20 minutes for Travelers Insurance Co. et al. and 10 minutes for New York State Health Maintenance Organization Conference et al.
No. 93-1577. QUALITEX CO. v. JACOBSON PRODUCTS CO., INC.
C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1287.] Motion of

1040

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 5, 1994

513 U. S.

the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 93-1823. MISSOURI ET AL. V.JENKINS ET AL. (two cases).
C. A. 8th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1287.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 93-1883. ANDERSON, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES, ET AL. v. EDWARDS, GUARDIAN AD LITEM FOR EDWARDS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1288.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 93-1935. CURTISS-WRIGHT CORP. V. SCHOONEJONGEN ET
AL. C. A. 3d Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1288.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-18. MASTROBUONO ET AL. V. SHEARSON LEHMAN HUTTON, INC., ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 921.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-6132. IN RE REIDT. Motion of petitioner for reconsideration of order denying leave to proceed in forma pauperis [ante, p. 958] denied.
No. 94-6647. BROWN v. BROWN ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. See this Court's Rule 39.8. Petitioner is allowed until December 27, 1994, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit a petition in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.

No. 94-6342. No. 94-6427. denied.

IN RE AGRIo; and IN RE BELL. Petitions for writs of mandamus

Certiorari Granted
No. 94-560. FIRST OPTIONS OF CHICAGO, INC. V. KAPLAN
ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari granted limited to Questions 1
and 2 presented by the petition. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1503.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

December 5, 1994

CertiorariDenied
No. 93-8697. COCHRAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 56.
No. 93-8815. COLAVITO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 69.
No. 93-9244. SCHMELTZER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 610.
No. 93-9377. GONZALEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 644.
No. 94-162. ROSALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 1461.
No. 94-386. VSA, INC., DBA VSA CAROLINAS v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 588.
No. 94-418. SHAW v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 182.
No. 94-430. BIRD v. UNITED STATES (Reported below: 40 M. J. 270); BLEDSOE V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 292); JONES V. UNITED STATES (39 M. J. 315); WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 271); COLLAVINI V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 271); LUMSDEN V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 275); CARTER V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 275); CLANIN V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 302); DUNCAN V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 214); JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 306); GREENHOUSE V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 289); FISHER V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 291); HICKMAN v. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 280); THORPE V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 305); FRITZ V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 290); TATUM v. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 320); MILLER V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 77); BIESTERVELD V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 274); SMALL V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 285); NORRIS v. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 311); WINSTON V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 66); HILTS v. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 283); KEY V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 319); DAVIs v. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 75); FIESE V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 280); ALFRED V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 281); BENCH V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 290); HORNING V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 93); EDWARDS V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 87); HICKS v. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 312); LAROCCA V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 315); GARCIA V.

1042

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 5, 1994

513 U. S.

UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 298); BRYAN V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 301); JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 66); MERCADO V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 289); SANDERSON V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 301); DOMINGO V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 92); NIEVES V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 88); VARGAS-CORONADO V. 'UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 293); MORENO V. UNITED STATES (41, M.J. 110); KRAMER V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 282); JOVANOVICH V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 284); STOHOSKY V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 72); BISHOP V.UNITED STATES (40 M. J.303); HOWE v. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 308); WIxOM v. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 308); MILLER V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 83); BRINKLEY V. UNITED* STATES (40 M. J. 273); CORMIER V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 76); SIMON V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 274); BLAYLOCK V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 81); SCHOLTZ V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 298); HUGHES V.
UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 298); ADAMS V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 294); SNAPP V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 301); DuRR v. UNITED STATES (40 M. . 301); MILBURN V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 306); MARTINEZ V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 307); ROBINSON V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 308); FAMULARO v. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 310); OATES V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 313); WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 313); JONES V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 66); STRONG V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 68); BOUQUET V. UNITED
STATES (41 M. J. 68); ROBERTS V. UNITED STATES (41 M. -J. 71); PROVENCIO V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 75); JACKSON V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 76); HATMAKER V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 92); WILKINS V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J 88); TRIVINO V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 286); SIRNIC V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 69); MATHEWS V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 289); MENDENHALL V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 90); MURPHY V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 95); SANCHEZ V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 313); JACOBS V.
UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 282); LOTT V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 81); KEY v. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 97); WARE V.UNITED STATES
(40 M. J. 319); WRIGHT V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 84); RHODES V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 94); LOUDERMILK V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 84); DICE V. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 85); CUMMINGS V.
UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 73); MITCHELL V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 270); MAJORS v. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 275); DELEON V.
UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 312); ELLIS V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 274); POOLE V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 285); DROWN V. UNITED STATES (40 M. J. 279); and BUNDY v. UNITED STATES (41 M. J. 77). C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1043

513 U. S.

December 5, 1994

No. 94-441. MACKEY V.MOSS ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certio-
rari denied.
No. 94-456. BUNCE ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 138.
No. 94-462. CITY OF GRAPEVINE V.DEPARTMENT OF TRANS-
PORTATION ET AL. -C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1502.
No. 94-469. HOLLEY V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 902.

No. 94-559. RAMIREZ V. UNITED STATES; HARSHAW v. UNITED
STATES; MCSPARRAN V. UNITED STATES; OWEN V. UNITED
STATES; DEBERRY V. UNITED STATES; and LUBITZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 315 (first case); 40 M. J. 320 (second case); 41 M. J. 72 (third case); 41 M. J. 89 (fourth case); 41 M. J. 122 (fifth case); 40 M. J. 165 (sixth case).
No. 94-605. ANDREWS-POWLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 M. J. 76.
No. 94-644. HERCULES INC. v. UTAH STATE TAX COMMISSION AUDITING DIVISION. Sup. Ct. Utah. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 877 P. 2d 133.
No. 94-647. WRIGHT V. CLAY. Ct. App. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 629 N. E. 2d 857.
No. 94-649. GEORGE V. BETHLEHEM STEEL CORP. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1171.
No. 94-652. FREEDOM RANCH, INC. V. TULSA BOARD OF ADJUSTMENT ET AL. Ct. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 878 P. 2d 380.
No. 94-657. ZIMMERMAN v. BISHOP ESTATE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 784.
No. 94-660. DEGROOTH ET AL. v. GENERAL DYNAMICS CORP. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 103.
No. 94-664. JOHNSON, DBA F. C. JOHNSON CONSTRUCTION Co. v. HYNEMAN. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari denied.

1044

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 5, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-665. BROBST V. PENNSYLVANIA ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-666. INTERNATIONAL RECTIFIER CORP. v. SGS-THOMSON MICROELECTRONICS, INC. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1177.
No. 94-672. BROWN V. UNIVERSITY OF MEDICINE AND DENTISTRY OF NEW JERSEY. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1170.
No. 94-673. GUYER ET AL. v. ALACHUA COUNTY SCHOOL BOARD ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 634 So. 2d 806.
No. 94-674. ALLEN ET AL. V. CITY OF DUARTE ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-677. NGHIEM v. NEC ELECTRONICS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1437.
No. 94-680. LANPHERE & URBANIAK ET AL. V. COLORADO ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21
F. Rd 1508.
No. 94-681. RIES, MAYOR OF PARMA, OHIO v. PICHA. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1214.
No. 94-683. BB ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC., DBA BROWN BAG SOFTWARE V. SYMANTEC CORP. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 630.
No. 94-684. AIRBUS INDUSTRIE, G. I. E., ET AL. v. LINTON, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE EsTATES OF HOWELL ET UX., DECEASED, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 592.
No. 94-690. GRACE INVESTMENT CO. ET AL. V. RED MOUNTAIN MACHINERY CO. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1408.
No. 94-697. BARRETT V. MISSISSIPPI BAR. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-703. Cox v. BOEING CO. ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1056.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

December 5, 1994

No. 94-709. ENCINAS v. BOARD OF REGISTRATION FOR PROFESSIONAL ENGINEERS AND LAND SURVEYORS ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-795. BROTHERS ET AL. v. KLEVENHAGEN, SHERIFF, HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 452.
No. 94-5083. RODRIGUEZ-MEJIA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1090.

No. 94-5278. LASALLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1433.
No. 94-5324. PALOMINO-FIGUEROA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5441. THURMOND V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1119.
No. 94-5499. MITCHELL v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1355.
No. 94-5516. GIROLAMO, AKA MASCITTI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 320.
No. 94-5735. BROWN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 307.
No. 94-5923. HARRIS v. EVANS ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1118.
No. 94-5933. SMITH v. LOUISIANA. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 So. 2d 398.
No. 94-5961. WELSAND V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 205.
No. 94-6016. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 629.
No. 94-6052. BRUNK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 236.
No. 94-6169. IGLESIAS V. WISCONSIN. Sup. Ct. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 185 Wis. 2d 118, 517 N. W. 2d 175.

1046

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 5, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-6214. HUDSON v. HEDGE ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 274.
No. 94-6242. GREEN V. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 336 N. C. 142, 443 S. E. 2d 14.
No. 94-6337. ALDRIDGE V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6357. RHODES v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 920.
No. 94-6373. CULLY V. GRACE HOSPITAL ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below; 19 F. 3d 18.
No. 94-6378. SPENCER V. IOWA. Sup. Ct. Iowa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 519 N. W. 2d 357.
No. 94-6390. JOHNSON v. DAVIS ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1491.
No. 94-6400. JORDAN V. CITY OF AURORA, COLORADO, ET AL. Ct. App. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 876 P. 2d 38.
No. 94-6402. KASHANNEJAD v. BLOCK, SHERIFF OF LOS ANGELES COUNTY, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6405. FARR v. STINSON ET AL. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 181 Wis. 2d 1003, 513 N. W. 2d 707.
No. 94-6414. OWENS V. CALL ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 130.
No. 94-6416. LONG v. TAYLOR ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6418. ROYSTER V. VAUGHN, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT GRATERFORD. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6425. ZAGWOSKI v. LOVE, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT HUNTINGDON, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1047

513 U. S.

December 5, 1994

. No. 94-429. BALLARD V. GARTZ ET AL. sup. Ct. N. M. Cer-
tiorari denied.
No. 94-6433. YBARRA V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6434. SADLER V. BORG, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 108.
No. 94-6438. SEMIEN V. COMANCHE COUNTY ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 417.
. No. 94-6439. JAMES V. VAUGHN, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT GRATERFORD. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1486.
No. 94-6441. ST. HILAIRE V. PARIN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 634.
No. 94-6443. MALLORY V. SMITH, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 991.
No. 94-6451. GREEN v. ADAMS ET AL. 'Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 So.- 2d 1362:
No. 94-6455. WATSON ET AL. V. FARLOW ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6463. CARNEGIE v. DOWLING ET AL. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 1st Jud. Dept. Certioiari denied.. Reported below: 200 App. Div. 2d 502, 606 N. Y. S. 2d 655.
No. 94-6478. MARSH V. JOHN ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 993 F. 2d 1547.
No. 94-6479. MIKKILINENI v. AMWEST SURETY INSURANCE
CO. ET AL.; MIKKILINENI V. CHESTER ET AL.; MIKKILINENI V. BOROUGH OF FOREST HILLS; and MIKKILINENI V. GLENN ENGINEERING & ASSOCIATES, LTD., ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1172.
No. 94-6480. MIKKILINENI V. BOROUGH OF FOREST HILLS. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 537 Pa. 651, 644 A. 2d 737.
No. 94-6484. CRITTENDEN v. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 26.

1048

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 5, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-6541. ECHOLS V. YUKON TELEPHONE CO., INC., ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 631.
No. 94-6545. CLECKLEY V.ABATE ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6547. CLARK V. MARYLAND. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 95 Md. App. 727.
No. 94-6568. LAWRIE v. DELAWARE. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 643 A. 2d 1336.
No. 94-6580. FRETER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 783.
No. 94-6581. DURHAM V. HENMAN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 126.
No. 94-6582. BELL V. RICHARDSON, COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1484.

No. 94-6585. HEATH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1499.
No. 94-6607. COOK v. EVATT, COMMISSIONER, SOUTH CAROLINA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 129.
No. 94-6619. WALLACE V.SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certio-
rari denied.
No. 94-6626. SEIWELL v. LEWIS ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 634.
No. 94-6630. BROUGHTON V. SMITH ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 421.
No. 94-6671. SINGLETERRY V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 733.
No. 94-6672. SHERRILL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 344.
No. 94-6677. GILLIARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 131.

ORDERS

1049

513 U. S.

December 5, 1994

No. 94-6678. HAWKINS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1489.
No. 94-6686. SUTHERLIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1094.
No. 94-6690. MATEO-GONZALEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1446.
No. 94-6695. BLAKE v. BLAKE ET AL. Ct. App. Tex., 13th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 878 S. W. 2d 209.
No. 94-6704. LAWTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1498.
No. 94-6706. PARKER v. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6709. MARSHAL V. UNITED *STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 13179.
No. 94-6710. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1489.
No. 94-6714. MCCUTCHEON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 271.
No. 94-6715. KEENAN V. ALLEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1213.
No. 94-6718. Q'NEAL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 132.
No. 94-6723. ZENON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 624.
No. 94-6725. DICKERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1496.
No. 94-6727. PHILBIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 567.
No. 94-6729. MUHAMMED V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1393.
No. 94-6731. RATCLIFFE V.UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1464.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 5, 1994

Z1 U. S.

No. 94-6734. THOMPSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 671.

No. 94-6737. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 82.

No. 94-6740. BOWLING V. UNITED STATES. C. A., 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 326.
No. 94-6741. Dix v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 55.

No. 94-6743. CREECH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1382.

No. 94-6746. WRIGHT V. ALEXANDRIA DIVISION OF SOCIAL
SERVICES. Ct. App. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 Va. App. 821, 433 S. E. 2d 500.

No. 94-6753. FURMAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31'F. 3d 1034.

No. 94-6756. GRIFFITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 686.

No. 94-6758. POLAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Cer-

tiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1490.

1

No. 94-6761. NIEVES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6763. BROOKS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 563.

No. 94-6765. WOOTEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 639.

No. 94-6766. WARREN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 602.

No. 94-6767. ALLEN V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1488.

No. 94-6769. ATWOOD V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 126.

No. 94-6770. BALDEON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1499.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

December 5, 1994

No. 94-6771. ABREGO V. UNITED STATES' C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-6772. BUSHERT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 997 F. 2d 1343.
No. 94-6781. FORSYTH V. U14ITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 628.
No. 94-6782. GARNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1109.
No. 94-6794. ADAIL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30'F. 3d 1046.
No. 94-6797. ANJUM V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 53.

No. 94-6801. RODRIGUEZ-RONCANCIO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 573.
No. 94-6802. RODRIGUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 93.
No. 94-6803. RIVAs-SABOGAL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1498.
No. 94-6804. MOSES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1498.
No. 94-6805. LEWIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-6806. OWENS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below:.35 F. 3d 560.

No. 94-6818. KRUEGER V. UN4ITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: '36 F. 3d 1106.
No. 93-9593. GENDRON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir.
Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 955.
No. 94-655. INSURANCE COMPANY OF PENNSYLVANIA ET AL. v. EMPIRE FIRE & MARINE INSURANCE CO. ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 3d Dist. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no

1052

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 5, 6, 1994

513 U. S.

part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 102.
No. 94-407. SGS-THOMSON MICROELECTRONICS, INC. v. INTERNATIONAL RECTIFIER CORP. C. A. Fed. Cir. Motions of American Board of Trial Advocates and Houston Intellectual Property Law Association for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1177.
No. 94-445. UNIVERSAL MONEY CENTERS, INC. V. AMERICAN TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH CO. ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1527.
No. 94-661. W, R. GRACE & CO.-CONN. V. MARYLAND CAS-
UALTY CO. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Motion of respondents to strike reply brief of petitioner denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 617.
Rehearing Denied
No. 93-8709. OWEN v. NEBRASKA (two cases), ante, p. 923; No. 93-9435. ROBINSON V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, ante, p. 846; No. 93-9614. IN RE WRIGHT, ante, p. 806;
No. 93-9755. HUNT V. GRINKER, COMMISSIONER, NEW YORK CITY DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES, ET AL., ante, p. 864;
No. 94-182. BOOSTROM V. BACH, ante, p. 928;
No. 94-204. CHISUM V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 946; No. 94-347. MORISSETTE ET AL. V. YU ET AL., ante, p. 947; No. 94-353. FINIZIE V. CITY OF BRIDGEPORT, ante, p. 931; No. 94-5768. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 913; and No. 94-5808. BROCKMAN V. SWEETWATER COUNTY SCHOOL DISTRICT No. 1, ante, p. 951. Petitions for rehearing denied.
DECEMBER 6, 1994
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-401. JACKSON V. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.1. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 277.
Miscellaneous Orders
No. A-394 (94-7100). HAWKINS v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, pre-

ORDERS

513 U. S.

December 6, 7, 9, 1994

sented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, granted pending the disposition by this Court of the petition for writ of certiorari. Should the petition for writ of certiorari be denied, this stay terminates automatically. In the event the petition for writ of certiorari is granted, this stay shall continue pending the issuance of the mandate of this Court.
No. A-411. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL
CENTER v. BANNISTER. Application to vacate the stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE THOMAS, and by him referred to the Court, denied. THE CHIEF JUSTICE, JUSTICE SCAUA, and JUSTICE KENNEDY would grant the application.

CertiorariDenied DECEMBER 7, 1994
No. 94-7127 (A-408). RESNOVER V. INDIANA. Sup. Ct. Ind. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE STEVENS, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.
DECEMBER 9, 1994
Miscellaneous Orders
No. 94-558. UNITED STATES V. HAYS ET AL.; and No. 94-627. LOUISIANA ET AL. v. HAYS ET AL. Appeals from D. C. W. D. La. The Court defers noting probable jurisdiction in these cases so that the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana, by reentering its judgment, can cure a procedural defect arising from that court's having entered judgment prior to the issuance on July 27, 1994, of this Court's judgment in Louisiana v. Hays, No. 93-1539. This order shall be sent to the District Court forthwith. The District Court shall immediately reenter its judgment. This Court will then note probable jurisdiction and consolidate the cases for briefing and oral argument on the same schedule as if this Court had noted probable jurisdiction today.
No. 94-753. ST. CYR ET AL. v. HAYS ET AL. Appeal from D. C. W D. La.; and
No. 94-754. ST. CYR ET AL. V. HAYS ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. The Court defers further consideration in these cases so that the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisi-

1054

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 9, 11, 12, 1994

513 U. S.

ana, by reentering its judgment, can cure a procedural defect arising from that court's having entered judgment prior to the
issuance on July 27, 1994, of this Court's judgment in Louisiana v. Hays, No. 93-1539. This order shall be sent to the District Court forthwith.

CertiorariDenied

DECEMBER 11, 1994 I

No. 94-7193 (A-425). KINNAMON v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TExAs
DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION.
C. A. 5th Cir. Application for stay, of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 731.

DECEMBER 12, 1994 Affirmed on Appeal
No. 94-753. ST. CYR ET AL. v. HAYS, ET AL. Affirmed on appeal from D. C. W. D. La. Reported below: 862 F. Supp. 119.

CertiorariDismissed
No. 94-6817. HANN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. It appearing that petitioner died December 3, 1994, certiorari dismissed. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 570.

Miscellaneous Orders. (See also No. 94-634, infra.)

No. ----.

KIRKPATRiCK V. CALIFORNIA. Motion for leave

to proceed in forma pauperis without an affidavit of indigency

executed by petitioner denied.

No. ---.

WILDBERGER V. UNITED STATES. Motion for

leave to file petition for writ of certiorari under seal denied.

No. D-1458. IN RE DISBARMENT OF COLE. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1285.]

No. D-1459. IN RE DISBARMENT OF DURUSAU. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 512 U. S. 1285.]

No. D-1473. IN RE DISBARMENT. OF BOSTIC. It is ordered that Lee Harold Bostic, of Jamaica, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable

ORDERS

513 U.S.

December 12, 1994

within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1484. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ALTSCHUL. It is ordered that Donald Scott Altschul, of San Francisco, Cal., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1485. IN RE* DISBARMENT OF JACOBS. It is ordered that Richard Mark Jacobs, of St. Louis, Mo., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days,. requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. 93-1202. BRUNWASSER V. STEINER, 510 -U. S. 1195. It is ordered that Allen Brunwasser, of Pittsburgh, Pa., shall within 21 days of this order pay respondent $500 as ordered by this Court on May 2, 1994 [511 U. S. 1067], or show cause why he
should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court or otherwise disciplined for failure to comply with an order of
the Court.

No. 93-1408. NEW YORK STATE CONFERENCE OF BLUE CROSS & BLUE SHIELD PLANS ET AL. V. TRAVELERS INSURANCE
CO. ET AL.; No. 93-1414. CuoMo, GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK, ET AL. V.
TRAVELERS INSURANCE CO. ET AL.; and No. 93-1415. HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION OF NEW YORK STATE V.
TRAVELERS INSURANCE CO. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. [Certiorari
granted, ante, p. 920.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave
to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided
argument granted.

No. 94-286. FREIGHTLINER CORP. ET AL. V. MYRICK ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 922.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-500. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE V.
SCHLEIER ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 998.] Motion of the Solicitor General to dispense with printing the joint appendix granted.

1056

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 12, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-5843. RODENBAUGH V. SENAPE ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of petitioner for reconsideration of order denying leave to proceed in forma pauperis [ante, p. 958] denied.
No. 94-6893. IN RE SUHY. Petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 94-6654. IN RE RUSSELL. Petition for writ of mandamus denied.
ProbableJurisdiction Noted
No. 94-558. UNITED STATES V. HAYS ET AL.; and No. 94-627. LOUISIANA ET AL. v. HAYS ET AL. Appeals from D. C. W D. La. Probable jurisdiction noted, cases consolidated, and a total of one hour allotted for oral argument. The stay heretofore entered August 11, 1994 [512 U. S. 1273], is reentered as of the date the District Court reentered its judgment. Reported below: 862 F. Supp. 119.
CertiorariDenied
No. 93-1140. JAMES B. BEAM DISTILLING Co. v. GEORGIA ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 263 Ga. 609, 437 S. E. 2d 782.
No. 93-1882. SWANSON ET AL. v. NORTH CAROLINA ET AL. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 335 N. C. 674, 441 S. E. 2d 537.
No. 93-9392. ISBY v. SPENCER, JUDGE, CIRCUIT' COURT OF INDIANA, MADISON COUNTY. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-171. TOLER v. UNITED STATES; No. 94-5417. BLAIN V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-5557. FORMANN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 745.
No. 94-326. SOUNDGARDEN ET AL. V. GREGOIRE, ATTORNEY
GENERAL OF WASHINGTON, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 123 Wash. 2d 750, 871 P. 2d 1050.
No. 94-330. LEWIS v. BRIGANO, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 428.
No. 94-331. MINNESOTA COMMISSIONER OF REVENUE ET AL. v. NORWEST BANK DULUTH, N. A., ET AL. Sup. Ct. Minn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 514 N. W. 2d 565.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

December 12, 1994

No. 94-402. PINSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1056.
No. 94-414. PACIFICO V. OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 48 F. 3d 1234.
No. 94-503. HENEGAR v. BANTA. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 223.
No. 94-505. TRANSPORTACION MARITIMA MEXICANA, S. A., ET AL. v. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA (TAMMEN ET AL., REAL PARTIES IN INTEREST). C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-512. VIVIAN INDUSTRIAL PLASTICS, INC. V.MOORE, INDIVIDUALLY AND BY NEXT FRIEND, MOORE. Sup. Ct. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 889 S.W, 2d 246.
No. 94-518. ANDREWS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 312.
No. 94-533. MALONE & HYDE, INC. v. GENERAL DRIVERS, SALESMEN & WAREHOUSEMEN'S LOCAL UNION NO. 984, AN AFFILIATE OF THE INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD OF TEAMSTERS, CHAUFFEURS, WAREHOUSEMEN & HELPERS OF AMERICA, AFLCIO. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1039.
No. 94-617. LIERENZ V. BOWEN ET AL. Ct. App. Ohio, Erie County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-699. PRYMER V. OGDEN ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1208.
No. 94-704. CITY OF CHICAGO v. ALEX ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1235.
No. 94-705. HIRAI V. ITO, PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HEIRS OF ITO, DECEASED; and
No. 94-751. MACRO ENERGY, INC., ET AL. V. ITO, PERSONAL
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HEIRS OF ITO, DECEASED. C. A. 9th
Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-713. RAY v. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

1058

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 12, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-715. HALL v. GRAYSON. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 566.

No. 94-716. SCHEIDLER ET AL. V. DELAWARE HEALTH ORGANIZATION, INC., ET AL.; and
No. 94-718. MIGLIORINO (MILLER) v. DELAWARE HEALTH ORGANIZATION, INC., ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1053.

WOMEN'S
WOMEN'S Certiorari

No. 94-719. BIRKBECK, PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ESTATE OF BIRKBECK, DECEASED, ET AL. V. MARVEL LIGHTING CORP. ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 507.

No. 94-725. LIABILITY INVESTIGATIVE FUND EFFORT, INC.,
ET AL. V. MASSACHUSETTS ET AL. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass. Certio-
rari denied. Reported below: 418 Mass. 436, 636 N. E. 2d 1317.

No. 94-731. LAKE COUNTY, INDIANA V. MYERS ET AL. C. A.' 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 847.

No. 94-733. JONES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 139.

No. 94-737. O'LEARY V. COUNTY OF SACRAMENTO. C. A. 9th. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1440.

No. 94-738. CITY OF NEW HAVEN ET AL. V. KUNTZ. C..A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 622.

No. 94-739. ROKKE V. ROKKE. Ct. App. Wash. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-744. REEL PIPE & VALVE CO., INC., ET AL. V. CONSOLIDATED CITY OF INDIANAPOLIS-MARION COUNTY ET AL. Ct. App.
Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 633 N. E. 2d 274.

No. 94-750. QUANTUM CHEMICAL CORP. ET AL. V. WULF ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26. F. 3d 1368.

No. 94-755. CHANOFF ET AL. V. UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORP. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 66.

No. 94-767. WEXFORD ASSOCIATES, INC., ET AL. v. ATKISSON ET UX. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 248 Va. 142, 445 S. E. 2d 101.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

December 12, 1994

No. 94-774. SUAN SEE CHONG ET AL. V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
Reported below: 38 F. 3d 573.
No. 94-781. FIGGIE v. MOSKOVITZ. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 69 Ohio St. 3d 638, 635 N. E. 2d 331.
No. 94-793. EICK v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 559.
No. 94-804. VELENTZAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 381.
No. 94-812. MANGANO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 853.
No. 94-813. FERREL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1444.
No. 94-816. KLINGINSMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1507.
No. 94-822. HELLER v. NORCAL MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co. ET AL. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 Cal. 4th 30, 876 P. 2d 999.
No. 94-827. PIERCE, V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 149.
No. 94-838. TORRES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1463.
No. 94-839. HILL v. HILL. App. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 Conn. App. 160, 644 A. 2d 951.
No. 94-845. GREEN V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1378.
No. 94-851. HONGKONG & SHANGHAI BANKING CORP. LTD. v. HOOPA VALLEY TRIBE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1138.
No. 94-858. CHAVEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 238.

1060

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 12, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-863. WERTHEIMER v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1491.

No. 94-868. WALLACE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 564.

No. 94-875. O'NEIL, AKA KERPSACK V. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-5168. SULLIVAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 198.

No. 94-5410. CARTWRIGHT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 6 F. 3d 294.

No. 94-5419. Fox v. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 69 Ohio St. 3d 183, 631 N. E. 2d 124.

No. 94-5773. BLACKMON V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 2Z F. 3d 560.

No. 94-5793. BENSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 567.

No. 94-5912. GRIFFIN V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 247 Ill. App. 3d 1, 616 N. E. 2d 1242.

No. 94-5964. WILKERSON V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 881 S. W. 2d 321.

No. 94-6054. MELVILLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 134.

No. 94-6055. LAMBEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 974 F. 2d 1389.

No. 94-6058. tiorari denied. 831.

MOOSE v. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. CerReported below: 424 Pa. Super. 579, 623 A. 2d

No. 94-6076. ARMSTRONG v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 409.

No. 94-6077. CIARDO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1121.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

Ddcember 12, 1994

No. 94-6083. WHITE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. l1th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1121.
No. 94-6110. GOULDING V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied, Reported below: 26 F. 3d 666.
No. 94-6115. DOE v. GALLEGOS ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 406.
No. 94-6240. FOWLER V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 873 P. 2d 1053.
No. 94-6323. JONES, FKA PARK v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1289.
No. 94-6424. SMITH v. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 878 P. 2d 375.
No. 94-6449. CHAN V. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF MOTOR VEHICLES. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6465. ALDERMAN V. THOMAS, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1541.
No. 94-6475. LOwE-BEY v. GROOSE, SUPERINTENDENT, JEFFERSON CITY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 816.
No. 94-6477. PIERCE v. LEWIS, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 633.
No. 94-6482. WASHINGTON V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6486. KELLY v. WITHROW, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 363.
No. 94-6488. HUNES V. ARKANSAS. Sup. Ct. Ark. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6491. JACKSON v. DELAWARE. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 648 A. 2d 424.
No. 94-6501. KERSH v. BORDEN, INC., ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 972 F. 2d 347.

1062

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 12, 1994

513 U.S.

No. 94-6503. BEAL V. PARAMOUNT PICTURES CORP. ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 454.
No. 94-6512. RoY v. UNIVERSITY OF HAWAII ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 139.
No. 94-6517. LONG v. GENERAL MOTORS CORP. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied,

No. 94-6518. POSEY v. MAGNOLIA STATE ENTERPRISES. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6523. GRIZZLE V. WIESMAN, CIRCUIT JUDGE, CIRCUIT COURT OF MISSOURI, ST. Louis COUNTY, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1393.
No. 94-6524. GAVAL V. MICHIGAN. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 202 Mich. App. 51, 507 N. W. 2d 786.
No. 94-6525. HYDER V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 So. 2d 1370.
No. 94-6526. HOLLY V. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1495.
No. 94-6528. GARCIA V. DUNCAN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6537. HIGAREDA V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 Cal. App. 4th 1399, 29 Cal. Rptr. 2d 763.
No. 94-6538. GARCIA V.SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, LOS ANGELES COUNTY, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6556. GREEN V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TExAs DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6557. GREENE V. PHELPS ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1099.
No. 94-6569. LONG v. LOUISIANA. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 So. 2d 486.

ORDERS

1063

513 U.S.

December 12, 1994

No. 94-6579. CALVENTO V. METCALF ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6584. HENDERSON V. COLORADO. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 879 P. 2d 383.
No. 94-6601. CRAWFORD V. MICHIGAN. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6602. BERNARD V. DUCKWORTH, SUPERINTENDENT, INDIANA STATE REFORMATORY, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 136.
No..94-6608. COSTELLO V. KERNAN, WARDEN. C. A. 9th dir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6617. SAWYER V. INTERNATIONAL DAIRY QUEEN INC. ET AL. (two cases). C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6624. STATEN V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 159 Ill. 2d 419, 639 N. E. 2d 550.
No. 94-6633. SHORES v. REDDOCH ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6644. DESMOND V. NYNEX CORP. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1484.
No. 94-6645. FARR v. DAVIS ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6662. BENDER V. MARSHALL, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6663. HARRIS v. LILLARD ET AL. Sup. Ct. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6667. MCGEE v. COUNTY OF Los ANGELES ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6669. VAN HOOK V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 69 Ohio St. 3d 1448, 633 N. E. 2d 542.
No. 94-6760. NATHAN v. HARGETT, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6774. CORRIGAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 436.

1064

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 12, 1994

513 U. S.

No. 94-6787. BLANCHARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1495.
No. 94-6793. DEVELASQUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 2.
No. 94-6810. ROBINSON v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 571.
No. 94-6815. ECKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 966.
No. 94-6821. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 557.
No. 94-6822. ORR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-6823. MAYO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1068.
No. 94-6827. BAILEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 563.
No. 94-6829. LOMINAC ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1095.
No. 94-6830. JUVENILE (AG-S) v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 140.
No. 94-6838. SMITH ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 739.
No. 94-6843. MASON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1067.
No. 94-6844. BURTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 55.
No. 94-6846. GORDON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1491.
No. 94-6854. DIAZ-RODRIGUEZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 94.
No. 94-6856. ABREO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 29.

ORDERS

1065

513 U. S.

December 12, 1994

No. 94-6858. MORRELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-6859. OSIFO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1379.
No. 94-6860. ALLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1068.
,No. 94-6865. BROWN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1489.
No. 94-6867. HART V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1124.
No. 94-6868. DOWELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 53.
No. 94-6869. DOUGLAS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1379.
No. 94-6873. FERREYROS-PERRIGGO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1074.
No. 94-6879. GREER V.GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 556.
No. 94-6880. GONZALEZ v. GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 556.
No. 94-6881. PARKE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 44.
No. 94-6882. HARRIS V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6883. INICO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1236.
No. 94-6892. WALKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1179.
No. 94-317. NATIONAL TRUST FOR HISTORIC PRESERVATION
IN THE UNITED STATES ET AL. v. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE
CORPORATION. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE

1066

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

December 12, 1994

513 U. S.

GINSBURG took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 469.
No. 94-634. IN RE CARTER ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Petition for writ of certiorari, habeas corpus, and mandamus denied.
No. 94-695. INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP. V. ALLEN-MYLAND, INC. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 194.
No. 94-754. ST. CYR ET AL. v. HAYS ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari before judgment denied.
Rehearing Denied
No. 93-9113. BAKER v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL, ET AL., ante, p. 833;
No. 93-9145. RODENBAUGH V. KNISLEY ET AL., ante, p. 834; No. 93-9231. WHITNEY V. CRUZ ET AL., ante, p. 837; No. 93-9379. BARTON V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 843; No. 93-9578. LANG V. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, ante, p. 854; No. 93-9658. FRIDAY V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 859; No. 94-5013. HARRIS v. HATFIELD, WARDEN, ante, p. 879; No. 94-5021. PEABODY V. ARIZONA, ante, p. 880; No. 94-5100. BRAGGS V. MOBILE COUNTY HEALTH DEPARTMENT ET AL., ante, p. 884;
No. 94-5498. RAE v. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ET AL., ante,
p. 904; No. 94-5588. KRALL v. DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE ET
AL., ante, p. 967; No. 94-5612. HALE v. FLORIDA, ante, p. 909; No. 94-5661. GREENLAW V. SMITH, ante, p. 935; No. 94-5677. PUGH v. BUTTERWORTH ET AL., ante, p. 936; No. 94-5838. LEKAN v. AMERICAN ENERGY SERVICES, INC.,
ante, p. 952; No. 94-5945. CURIALE ET UX. v. ANDRUS, GOVERNOR OF
IDAHO, ET AL., ante, p. 971; No. 94-6066. HOEKEL V. PLUMBING PLANNING CORP., ante,
p. 974; No. 94-6090. DAVIS v. LOUISIANA, ante, p. 975; and No. 94-6316. IN RE LIGGINS, ante, p. 985. Petitions for re-
hearing denied.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

December 12, 22, 1994, January 2, 1995

No. 94-5125. MILTON v. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 919. Petition for rehearing denied. JUSTICE THOMAS took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.

DECEMBER 22, 1994
Miscellaneous Order
No. 94-167. GUTIERREZ DE MARTINEZ ET AL. v. LAMAGNO ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 998.] Motion of respondent Dirk A. Lamagno to substitute counsel denied without prejudice to the filing of a motion for divided argument.

Certiorari Denied

JANUARY 2, 1995

No. 94-7010 (A-403). JACOBS v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS
DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION.
C. A. 5th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER would grant the application for stay of execution. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1319.

JUSTICE STEVENS, with whom JUSTICE GINSBURG joins, dissenting.
In my opinion, it is fundamentally unfair for the State of Texas to go forward with the execution of Jesse Dewayne Jacobs. The principal evidence supporting his conviction was a confession that was expressly and unequivocally disavowed, at a subsequent trial,
by the same prosecutor who presented the case against Jacobs. That same prosecutor's office now insists that the State may constitutionally go forward and execute Jacobs. The injustice, in my
view, is self-evident. Jacobs was convicted of murdering a woman named Etta Ur-
diales. After his arrest, he gave a videotaped confession stating that he abducted the victim and fatally shot her in a wooded area. He led investigators to her body. At his trial, the State introduced this confession and relied heavily on it.
Jacobs, however, testified at trial that the confession was false.
He claimed to have given the false confession because he believed it would lead to a death sentence, which he perceived to be preferable to the alternative of spending the rest of his life in jail. In

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

STEVENS, J., dissenting

513 U. S.

his trial testimony, Jacobs admitted kidnaping Urdiales, and taking her to an abandoned house where his sister, Bobbie Hogan, was waiting. But he denied shooting the victim. According to Jacobs' testimony, he left Urdiales in the house with his sister and then went outside and sat on the porch. He did not know Hogan was armed, or that she planned to kill Urdiales. Rather, he believed Hogan, who was romantically involved with Urdiales' estranged husband, wanted to scare the victim into giving up custody of her children. Jacobs testified that while he was waiting outside, Hogan shot Urdiales. When Jacobs entered the house, Hogan said that she did not mean to kill Urdiales. Jacobs then told Hogan to go home, said he would take care of things, and buried the victim's body.
The prosecution disputed Jacobs' trial testimony, arguing that "'[t]he simple fact of the matter is that Jesse Jacobs and Jesse Jacobs alone killed Etta Ann Urdiales."' 31 F. 3d 1319, 1322, n. 6 (CA5 1994). The jury convicted Jacobs of capital murder
and sentenced him to death. Several months later, Hogan was tried in connection with the
Urdiales killing. At this trial, the State abandoned its theory that Jacobs had shot Urdiales. It called Jacobs as a witness, vouched for his veracity, and, according to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, "told the jury that the evidence revealed [through further] investigation cast doubt on Jacobs's conviction." Ibid. As described by the Court of Appeals:
"[T]he prosecutor said that the state had been wrong in taking the position in Jacobs's trial that Jacobs had done the actual killing. The prosecutor stated that, after further investigation, he had determined that Hogan, not Jacobs, had killed the victim. The prosecution maintained that Jacobs did not know that Hogan had a gun. The state called Jacobs as a witness to testify that Hogan shot the victim." Id., at 1322-1323 (footnotes omitted).

The prosecutor told the jury that he had "'changed my mind about what actually happened .... And I'm convinced that Jesse Jacobs is telling the truth when he says that Bobbie Hogan is the one that pulled the trigger."' Id., at 1322, n. 6. He also "claimed that Jacobs was telling the truth when he testified that he did not in any way anticipate that the victim would be shot." Id., at

ORDERS

1069

1067

STEVENS, J., dissenting

1323, n. 7. Several police officers testified at the sister's trial that portions of Jacobs' confession were untrue. Id., at 1323, n. 6.
Despite these post-trial developments, the State of Texas now insists that it may constitutionally carry out Jacobs' death sentence. I find this course of events deeply troubling. If the prosecutor's statements at the Hogan trial were correct, then Jacobs is innocent of capital murder. Cf. Herrerav. Collins, 506 U. S. 390, 417 (1993) (discussing whether habeas relief is available to a death-row inmate who has advanced "a truly persuasive demonstration of 'actual innocence'"). Moreover, for a sovereign State represented by the same lawyer to take flatly inconsistent positions in two different cases--and to insist on the imposition of the death penalty after repudiating the factual basis for that sentence-surely raises a serious question of prosecutorial misconduct. In my opinion, it would be fundamentally unfair to execute a person on the basis of a factual determination that the State has formally disavowed.
Almost 60 years ago, we recognized that a prosecutor's knowing presentation of false testimony is "inconsistent with the rudimentary demands of justice." Mooney v. Holohan, 294 U. S. 103, 112 (1935). We have refined this principle over the years, finding a due process violation when a prosecutor fails to correct testimony he knows to be false, Alcorta v. Texas, 355 U. S. 28 (1957), even when the falsehood in the testimony goes only to the witness' credibility, Napue v. Illinois,360 U. S. 264 (1959). See also Giglio v. United States, 405 U. S. 150 (1972) (new trial required when Government witness testified falsely on matters relating to credibility and the prosecutor who served as trial counsel should have
been aware of the falsehood).
In Durley v.Mayo, 351 U.S. 277 (1956), we granted certiorari
to consider whether due process was offended by a conviction which was later alleged to rest upon perjured testimony, despite the fact that the prosecutor did not know of the testimony's falsity at trial. Although the Court ultimately held that jurisdiction was lacking, and disposed of the case on that basis, four Justices would have reached the merits. Writing for the dissenters, Justice
Douglas would have found a "clear" due process violation:
"It is well settled that to obtain a conviction by the use of testimony known by the prosecution to be perjured offends

1070

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 2,3, 1995

513 U.S.

due process. Mooney v. Holohan,294 U. S. 103; Pyle v. Kansas, 317 U. S.213. While the petition did not allege that the prosecution knew that petitioner's codefendants were lying when they implicated petitioner, the State now knows that the testimony of the only witnesses against petitioner was false. No competent evidence remains to suppor t the conviction. Deprivation of a hearing under these circumstances amounts in my opinion to a denial of due process of law." Id., at 290-291.
See also Sanders v. Sullivan, 863 F. 2d 218 (CA2 1988); cf. Hysler v. Florida,315 U. S.411, 413 (1942) ("Mere recantation of testimony" does not justify voiding a conviction on due process grounds). Here, the facts are far stronger than in Durley, as the State itself has formally vouched for the credibility of Jacobs' recantation of his confession and police officers have testified, under oath, that parts of Jacobs' confession were false.
I have long believed that serious questions are raised "when the sovereign itself takes inconsistent positions in two separate criminal proceedings against two of its citizens." United States v. Powers, 467 F. 2d 1089, 1097 (CA7 1972) (Stevens, J., dissenting),
cert. denied, 410 U. S.983 (1973); see also United States v. Ott, 489 F. 2d 872 (CA7 1973). The "heightened need for reliability" in capital cases, see Caldwell v. Mississippi, 472 U. S.320, 323 (1985) (internal quotation marks omitted), only underscores the gravity of those questions in the circumstances of this case. At a minimum, Jacobs' execution should be stayed so that we may carefully consider his claims by way of our ordinary procedure
respecting petitions for certiorari. I respectfully dissent from the order denying the application
for a stay of execution.

CertiorariDenied

JANUARY 3, 1995

No. 94-7470 (A-469). JACOBS v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS, JUSTICE GINSBURG, and JUSTICE BREYER would grant the application for stay of execution.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 5, 6, 1995

JANUARY 5, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-1024. HUDDLESTON v. CIGNA INSURANCE CO., FKA INA UNDERWRITERS INSURANCE CO., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1491.
JANUARY 6, 1995
Probable JurisdictionNoted
No. 94-631. MILLER ET AL V. JOHNSON ET AL.; No. 94-797. ABRAMS ET AL. V. JOHNSON ET AL.; and No. 94-929. UNITED STATES V. JOHNSON ET AL. Appeals from D. C. S. D. Ga. Probable jurisdiction noted, cases consolidated, and a total of one hour allotted for oral argument. Reported below: 864 F. Supp. 1354.

CertiorariGranted
No. 94-431. RYDER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces.
Certiorari granted. Reported below: 39 M. J. 454.
No. 94-455. JOHNSON ET AL. V. JONES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 727.
No. 94-514. UNITED STATES v. GAUDIN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 943.
No. 94-555. ROCKY MOUNTAIN HOSPITAL & MEDICAL SERVICE v. PHILLIPS. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 113.
No. 94-688. NATIONAL PRIVATE TRUCK COUNCIL, INC., ET AL. V. OKLAHOMA TAX COMMISSION ET AL. Sup. Ct. Okla. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 879 P. 2d 137.
No. 94-749. HURLEY ET AL. V. IRISH-AMERICAN GAY, LESBIAN & BISEXUAL GROUP OF BOSTON ET AL. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 418 Mass. 238, 636 N. E. 2d 1293.
No. 94-771. OKLAHOMA TAX 'COMMISSION v. CHICKASAW NATION. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 964.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 6, 9, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-859. BABBITT, SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR, ET AL. V. SWEET HOME CHAPTER OF COMMUNITIES FOR A GREAT OREGON ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported
below: 17 F. 3d 1463.
No. 94-788. CITY OF MILWAUKEE V. CEMENT DIVISION, NATIONAL GYPSUM CO., ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari granted. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 581.
No. 94-834. NORTH STAR STEEL Co. v. THOMAS ET AL.; and No. 94-835. CROWN CORK & SEAL CO., INC. V. UNITED STEELWORKERS OF AMERICA, AFL-CIO-CLC. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari granted, cases consolidated, and a total of one hour allotted for oral argument. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 53.
No. 94-6187. WITTE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 250.

JANUARY 9, 1995 Miscellaneous Orders

No. - -

BROOKS ET AL. v. DOE ET AL.; and

No. - -

CHIVERS V. NORTH SLOPE BOROUGH ET AL. Mo-

tions to direct the Clerk to file petitions for writs of certiorari

out of time denied.

No. A-428. ROSENBAUM v. ROSENBAUM. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Application for stay, addressed to JUSTICE GINSBURG and referred to the Court, denied.

No. A-450. ZAKIYA, FKA ROSS v. UNITED STATES. D. C. Md. Application for recall and stay of mandate, addressed to JUSTICE GINSBURG and referred to the Court, denied.

No. D-1382. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HARROD. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see 511 U. S. 1027.]

No. D-1463. IN RE DISBARMENT OF RILEY. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 958.]

No. D-1464. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SMITH. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 958.]

ORDERS.

613 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. D-1486. IN RE DISBARMENT OF COLLINS. It is ordered that Robert Frederick Collins, of New Orleans, La., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1487. IN RE DISBARMENT OF OJI. It is ordered that Walter Henry Obiorah Oji, of Houston, Tex., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1488. IN RE DISBARMENT OF JONES. It is ordered that Ronald Lee Jones, of Tallahassee, Fla., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1489. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ISRAEL. It is ordered that William C. Israel, of Yonkers, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1490. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MCGEE. It is ordered that Robert Butler McGee, of Chicago, Ill., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1491. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KUKLA. It is ordered that Michael F. Kukla, of Crystal Lake, Ill., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1492. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WOHLFARTH. It is ordered that Robert Michael Wohlfarth, of Annapolis, Md., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1493. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SCOTT. It is ordered that Winfield William Scott, of Dallas, Tex., be suspended from the

1074

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U. S.

practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable
within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not
be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1494. IN RE DISBARMENT OF OTCHERE. It is ordered that Felix B. Otchere, of Arlington, Va., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1495. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HUMPHREYS. It is ordered that Lloyd Edwin Humphreys, of Dallas, Tex., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 93-390. YOUGHIOGHENY & OHIO COAL CO. V. MCANGUES
ET AL., 510 U. S. 1040. Motion of respondent Timothy Cogan for attorney's fees denied.
No. 93-1462. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS ET AL. v. RAMON MORALES. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1287.] Motion of petitioners to strike the amici curiae brief of National Legal Aid and Defender Association et al. denied.
No. 93-1783. DIRECTOR, OFFICE OF WORKERS' COMPENSATION
PROGRAMS, DEPARTMENT OF LABOR v. NEWPORT NEWS SHIP-
BUILDING & DRY DOCK CO. ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1287.] Motion of National Association of Waterfront Employers et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted.

No. 93-1841. ADARAND CONSTRUCTORS, INC. V. PENA, SECRE-
TARY OF TRANSPORTATION, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1288.] Motion of Maryland Women Business Entrepreneurs et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Motion of petitioner to strike Appendices B and C of respondents' brief denied.
No. 93-1883. ANDERSON, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES, ET AL. V. EDWARDS, GUARDIAN AD LITEM FOR EDWARDS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1288.] Motion of Alliance for Children's Rights et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

January 9, 1995

No. 93-1935. CURTISS-WRIGHT CORP. V. SCHOONEJONGEN ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1288.] Motion of National Association of Securities and Commercial Law Attorneys for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted.
. No. 94-3. REYNOLDSVILLE CASKET CO. ET AL. v. HYDE. Sup.
Ct. Ohio. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 921,] Motion of Brown & Szaller Co. et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted.

No. 94-78. MICHIGAN v. ASHER. Ct. App. Mich. Motion of
petitioner to expedite consideration of petition for writ of certiorari denied.

No. 94-999. DOWNEY ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 7th Cir. Motion of petitioners to expedite consideration of petition for writ of certiorari denied.

No. 94-5707. WILSON v. ARKANSAS. Sup. Ct. Ark. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1014.] Motion for appointment of counsel granted, and it is ordered that John Wesley Hall, Esq., of Little
Rock, Ark., be appointed to serve as counsel for petitioner in this case.

No. 94-5743. GAYDOS V. NATIONAL UNION FIRE INSURANCE
COMPANY OF PITTSBURGH ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of petitioner for reconsideration of order denying leave to proceed in
forma pauperis [ante, p. 945] denied.

No. 94-6620. GAYDOS V. NATIONAL UNION FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF PITTSBURGH ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir.; and
No. 94-6970. IN RE MILLER. Motions of petitioners for leave to proceed informa pauperisdenied. See this Court's Rule 39.8. Petitioners are allowed until January 30, 1995, within which to
pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit petitions in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.

No. 94-6391. No. 94-6834. No. 94-6837. denied.

IN RE SMITH; IN RE HIGGINS; and IN RE SULE. Petitions for writs of mandamus

No. 94-6597. IN RE HIGGINS. Petition for writ of prohibition denied.

CertiorariDenied
No. 93-8640. GORDON V. PHAm TIEN ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 208.

1076

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 93-9474. BERRYMAN V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 6 Cal. 4th 1048, 864 P. 2d 40.
No. 93-9787. CALDWELL V. FELLIN. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-138. MILONE V. CAMP, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 693.
No. 94-355. ROBERTSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 M. J. 211.
No. 94-358. DUCHESNE COUNTY ET AL. v. ARNOLD. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 982.

No. 94-393. GUETERSLOH V. TEXAS ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1044.
No. 94-458. LOCAL 783, BRIDGE STRUCTURAL & ORNAMENTAL IRON WORKERS v. BE&K CONSTRUCTION CO. ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 1459.

No. 94-461. VENNES V. AN UNKNOWN NUMBER OF UNIDENTIFIED AGENTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1448.
No. 94-481. OLIVEIRA ET AL. V. MAYER ET AL.; and No. 94-526. MAYER ET AL. V. OLIEIRA ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 642.
No. 94-520. SULLINS V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 601.
No. 94-529. LOT 5, Fox GROVE, ALACHUA COUNTY, FLORIDA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 359.
No. 94-539. UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC., ET AL. v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1518.

No. 94-540. COUNTY OF FULTON ET AL. V. WHALEN, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS PARENT AND LEGAL GUARDIAN OF WHALEN, AN INFANT, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 19 F. 3d 828.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. 94-542. ALLIED-SIGNAL AEROSPACE Co., GARRETT EN-
GINE DIVISION AND GARRETT AUXILIARY POWER DIVISION V.
UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1188.
No. 94-549. LAKEWOOD ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING, INC. v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1216.
No. 94-552. SCHNEIDER ET UX., INDIVIDUALLY AND AS GUARDIANS OF SCHNEIDER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1327.
No. 94-554. SCALES, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS TRUSTEE FOR THE BERT F. SCALES 1981 TRUST, ET AL. v. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION, AS RECEIVER FOR MBANK ABILENE, N. A. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 654.
No. 94-557. FLORIDA ET AL. V. PLATT ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 356.
No. 94-575. CHAPLIN V. BAKER. Sup. Ct. Minn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 517 N. W. 2d 911.
No. 94-580. KOEHLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 867.
No. 94-584. BILBY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 M. J. 467.
No. 94-613. BOLDEN v. LOUISIANA. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 639 So. 2d 721.
No. 94-624. DAWSON ET AL. v. HALPERIN, COMMISSIONER,
NEW YORK STATE DIVISION OF HOUSING AND COMMUNITY RENEWAL, ET AL. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 83 N. Y. 2d 996, 640 N. E. 2d 143.
No. 94-630. BELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 M. J. 77.
No. 94-638. MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT OF MENTAL HEALTH V. LOUISIANA HOMES, INC., ET AL. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 203 Mich. App. 213, 511 N. W. 2d 696.
No. 94-645. POSNER v. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 520.

1078

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-654. REALBUTO V. HOWE, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS COM-
MISSIONER OF THE NEW YORK STATE OFFICE OF MENTAL RETAR-
DATION AND DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITY, ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 620.

No. 94-662. CITY OF HENDERSON ET AL. v. NEVADA ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRIES, INC., ET AL.; and
No. 94-786. NEVADA ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRIES, INC., ET AL. V. CITY OF HENDERSON ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 131.
No. 94-675. MOORE V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 116.

No. 94-682. ROBINOWITZ V. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION, AS RECEIVER FOR GIBRALTAR SAVINGS, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 951.
No. 94-706. WHITE SWAN, LTD. v. NATURE CO. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 638.
No. 94-714. RAINE, TRUSTEE OF THE TELEVISION TRUST
AGREEMENT v. GLEASON, FORMERLY PERSONAL REPRESENTA-
TIVE OF THE ESTATE OF GLEASON, DECEASED. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 631 So. 2d 321.

No. 94-720. DEVRIES ET AL. V. VERMONT. Sup. Ct. Vt. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 162 Vt. 617, 647 A. 2d 1013.

No. 94-723. LILBURN V. MONTANA. Sup. Ct. Mont. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 265 Mont. 258, 875 P. 2d 1036.

No. 94-729. KRAUSE v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28
F. 3d 1024.

No. 94-730. CICIPPIO ET AL. V. ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 164.
No. 94-734. LUSSIER v. NEW YORK. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y.,
3d Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 205 App. Div. 2d 910, 613 N. Y. S. 2d 466.

ORDERS

1079

513 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. 94-735. ROCKWOOD v. O'CONNELL ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-741. HILDEBRAND ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1024.
No. 94-743. ASSOCIATION FOR RETARDED CITIZENS OF CONNECTICUT, INC., ET AL. V.THORNE ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 367.
No. 94-747. HUBER v. DANNING, TRUSTEE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-756. LONG ISLAND RAILROAD CO. v. MARCHICA. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1197.
No. 94-757. RICCHIO ET AL. V. POESNECKER ET AL. Commw. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 158 Pa. Commw. 459, 631 A. 2d 1097.
No. 94-759. JOB v. WELLS FARGO NATIONAL BANK, N. A. Ct. App. Cal., 5th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-762. HININGER v. CAN-AM INDUSTRIES, INC. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 124.
No. 94-763. FIRST NATIONWIDE BANK v. GELT FUNDING CORP. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 763.
No. 94-764. GOLDGAR V. OFFICE OF ADMINISTRATION, EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 32.
No. 94-765. GOODMAN HOLDINGS ET AL. v. RAFIDAIN BANK. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1143.
No. 94-769. BELL v: LOUISIANA DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY AND CORRECTIONS ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 565.
No. 94-772. WATSON V. THOMAS. Ct. Civ. App. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 646 So. 2d 84.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-773. Q-1 MOTOR EXPRESS, INC. v. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 473.
No. 94-778. ELFORD v. ELFORD. Ct. App. Wash. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-779. LEBLANC ET AL. V. WARD LAKE DRILLING, INC. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-782. CONSTANT ET AL. V. RAY ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-783. PENSACOLA CONSTRUCTION Co. v. TYGER CONSTRUCTION CO., INC. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 137.
No. 94-784. TOWN OF LONGBOAT KEY v. RESERVE, LTD. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1374.
No. 94-787. GIBAS v. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 184 Wis. 2d 355, 516 N. W. 2d 785.

No. 94-789. TANNER V. ILLINOIS COURT OF CLAIMS ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 156 Ill. 2d 567, 638 N. E. 2d 1126.
No. 94-791. FIRST ASSEMBLY OF GOD OF NAPLES, FLORIDA, INC. V. COLUER COUNTY, FLORIDA. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 419 and 27 F. 3d 526.

No. 94-792. HALLCO MANUFACTURING Co., INC., ET AL. V. FOSTER ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 34 F. 3d 1079.
No. 94-794. GARMON v. ALABAMA STATE BAR. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 662 So. 2d 289.
No. 94-800. RIMERT V. SOUTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. S. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 315 S. C. 527, 446 S. E. 2d 400.

No. 94-803. KNIGHTEN V. CAVE & McKAY ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 566.

ORDERS

1081

513 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. 94-808. SMITH V. KELLY, AKA SIRBELLO, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 55.
No. 94-809. TENNESSEE STUDENT ASSISTANCE CORPORATION V. CHEESMAN ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 356.
No. 94-817. HARRIS COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSIONERS ET AL. V. STEVERSON. C. A. 5th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 666.
No. 94-819. TASsio v. SOPER ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 630.
No. 94-821. GIBBONS V. TEXAS. Ct. App. Tex., 14th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 874 S. W. 2d 164.
No. 94-823. NELSON V. VIRGINIA. Ct. App. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-824. CROSBY v. HAWAII ET AL. Sup. Ct. Haw. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 76 Haw. 332, 876 P. 2d 1300.
No. 94-825. BRANDON V. TRAVELERS INSURANCE Co. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1321.
No. 94-826. JOHNSON & HIGGINS OF CALIFORNIA ET AL. V. STEINER CORP. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 935.
No. 94-828. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS ET AL. V. MOYO. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 982.
No. 94-832. WIERBICKI V. NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORP. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1099.
No. 94-836. ALEXANDER V.PATTERSON ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1068.
No. 94-837. DENNIS v. DENNIS. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 274.
No. 94-840. ALARID ET AL. V. SECRETARY, NEW MEXICO DEPARTMENT OF TAXATION AND REVENUE. Ct. App. N. M. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 118 N. M. 23, 878 P. 2d 341.

1082

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-846. PETERSON ET AL. V. FISHER ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 628.
No. 94-848. SHOWBOAT OPERATING CO., DBA SHOWBOAT HOTEL & CASINO V. STEINER, ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ESTATE OF STEINER, DECEASED. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1459.

No. 94-850. BROWN v. FLORIDA UNEMPLOYMENT APPEALS COMMISSION ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 5th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 633 So. 2d 36.
No. 94-853. CAPUTO v. COMPUCHEM LABORATORIES, INC. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1485.

No. 94-954. YODER ET AL. 10.EMLART COUNTY AUDITOR ET AL. Ct. App. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 632 N. E. 2d 369.

No. 94-856. GUZMAN v. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-857. WINTHER V. CITY OF PORTLAND. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1119.
No. 94-860. L. E. S. PROPERTIES, HOTEL VENTURE V. WESTIN HOTEL CO. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 106.
No. 94-861. Dow CORNING CORP. v. HOPKINS. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1116.
No. 94-862. BRUMLEY V. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 746.
No. 94-866. MURRAY V. NATIONAL BROADCASTING CO., INC., ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 621.

No. 94-869. PERSINGER v. CARMAZZI ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 563.
No. 94-871. MEREDITH V.SCARBOROUGH ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 662 So. 2d 290.
No. 94-872. BONGIOVANNI ET AL. V. SAN FILIPPO. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 424.

ORDERS

1083

513 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. 4-874, PAYNE V,MURRAY, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPART-
MENT OF CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-876. LENNON ET AL. v. ALEXANDER, EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF QUADE, DECEASED. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1355.
No. 94-877. SMITH v. FRUIN ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 646.
No. 94-882. KLEVE V. BOARD OF GREEN TOWNSHIP TRUSTEES. Ct. App. Ohio, Hamilton County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-883. VIRGINIA STATE CORPORATION COMMISSION V. NATIONAL HOME INSURANCE Co. (A RISK RETENTION GROUP). Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 248 Va. 161, 444 S. E. 2d 711.
No. 94-884. ZAHRAN ET AL. v. FRANKENMUTH MUTUAL INSURANCE Co. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1436.
No. 94-887. WEST V. COUNTY OF KERN ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 5th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-893. WAYCASTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 558.
No. 94-899. NIXON, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF MISSOURI V.
LYNCH ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 336.
No. 94-900. BAYOU DES FAMILLES DEVELOPMENT CORP. ET
AL. V. WEST JEFFERSON LEVEE DISTRICT. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 640 So. 2d 1258.
No. 94-901. SANDLIN V. CORPORATE INTERIORS, INC., ET AL. Ct. App. Colo. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-912. HARRIS ET AL. v. DAVIDSON. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 963.
No. 94-918. HAASS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 902.
No. 94-933. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 216.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-937. MEREX A. G. v. FAIRCHILD WESTON SYSTEMS, INC. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 821.
No. 94-940. MIGDALECK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 95 F. 8d 580.
No. 94-945. VITI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1061.
No. 94-950. GUTIERREZ V.MARYLAND. Ct. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 336 Md. 1, 646 A. 2d 389.
No. 94-954. WOODWARD V. KENTUCKY. Ct. App. Ky. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-962. JOHNSEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1208.
No. 94-964. HAMILTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 M. J. 22.
No. 94-976. NORRIS v. OKLAHOMA CITY UNIVERSITY ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1115.
No. 94-1016. MONTANINO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 364.
No. 94-1021. WHITE ET AL. V. MOULDER, CHIEF OF POLICE OF DES MOINES, IOWA, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 80.
No. 94-1028. SELLERS, BY AND THROUGH HER GUARDIAN, NATURAL MOTHER, AND NEXT FRIEND, SELLERS, ET AL. v. BAER ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 895.
No. 94-5475. KARR v. CARPER, GOVERNOR OF DELAWARE, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 303.
No. 94-5513. HERMAN v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-5522. BARBER v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 879 S. W. 2d 889.

ORDERS

1085

513 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. 94-5579. GARDNER V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1171.
No. 94-5650. ORTIZ v. DuBoIS, COMMISSIONER, MASSACHUSETTS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 708.
No. 94-5747. LEDFORD V. GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 60, 439 S.E. 2d 917.
No. 94-5788. DAVIS v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL, ET AL. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 254.
No. 94-5910. MIGHTY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 564.
No. 94-5989. BUCKLEY v. FITZSIMMONS ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 789.
No. 94-6015. SUTHERLAND v. LOUISIANA. Ct. App. La., 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 633 So. 2d 976.
No. 94-6038. WILKERSON V. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 498.
No. 94-6045. ADAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1041.
No. 94-6048. MILTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 203.

No. 94-6064. FLEMING V. UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE AIR MAIL FACILITY AT O'HARE ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 259.
No. 94-6094. HAMILTON v. GROOSE, SUPERINTENDENT, JEFFERSON CITY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 859.

No. 94-6112. FORD v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1271.
No. 94-6162. RICHARDSON v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 879 S.W. 2d 874.

1086

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-6173. GALAVIZ-MEDINA V. WOOTEN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 487.
No. 94-6183. PATON v. FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6195. MYERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 826.
No. 94-6211. FOWLIE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1059 and 1070.
No. 94-6216. CARR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1194.
No. 94-6227. WHEATFALL V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 882 S. W. 2d 829.
No. 94-6238. FAHY v. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 537 Pa. 533, 645 A. 2d 199.
No. 94-6251. ENGLERT V. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 105.
No. 94-6270. CAZES v. TENNESSEE. Sup. Ct. Tenn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 875 S. W. 2d 253.
No. 94-6287. STREET v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 636 So. 2d 1297.
No. 94-6305. BAIZA HERNANDEZ v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6307. LACKEY V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 486.
No. 94-6317. CERVANTES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1151.
No. 94-6350. KELLY v. LAFACE RECORDS ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6356. ROBERTS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 744.
No. 94-6397. LANCE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 117.

ORDERS

1087

513 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. 94-6532. PEDROZA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1125.
No. 94-6553. BEJJANI V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 406.
No. 94-6559. HAWKINS V.CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6560. OATS v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 20.
No. 94-6571. GAUDIN V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 943.
No. 94-6578. GEITZ V. THIERET ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1216..
No. 94-6586. GALLOWAY V. THURMAN, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6593. TATE v. GROOSE, SUPERINTENDENT, JEFFERSON CITY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 242.
No. 94-6594. WALTON V. LINDLER, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 132.
No. 94-6595. BLEVINS v. LEWIS, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6599. FISHER V. MURRAY, DIRECTOR, VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6605. GARDNER V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 640.
No. 94-6613. WOODS v. ROBERTSON ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 625.
No. 94-6618. WAKEFIELD V. EGLES ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1173.

1088

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-6622. CANCEL v. THURMAN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6623. GRANT v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ET AL.
C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1493.
No. 94-6628. BROUSSARD v. EDWARDS, GOVERNOR OF LOUISIANA, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 237.
No. 94-6646. FARR V. GRAY & END ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6656. CARABALLO V. BEYER ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6657. SILAS v. ROCHE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 634.
No. 94-6658. AYERS v. EVANS, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 141.
No. 94-6660. GRANT V. WONG ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 570.
No. 94-6661. HUTTO V. NORTH AMERICAN VAN LINES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 37.
No. 94-6664. LARSON V. MOORE ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 57.
No. 94-6665. MAYBERRY v. MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Mich. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 447 Mich. 978, 523 N. W. 2d 627.
No. 94-6674. WARNER V.PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 433 Pa. Super. 638, 638 A. 2d 272.
No. 94-6676. GREENE V. MCFADDEN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 106.
No. 94-6679. GIBBS v. STALDER, SECRETARY, LOUISIANA DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY AND CORRECTIONS, CORRECTIONS SERVICES, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1490.

ORDERS

1089

513 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. 94-6680. GREENWOOD v. BECHILL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1068.

No. 94-6682. HUFFMAN v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6685. HOLLOWAY V. KAISER, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6688. REAMS v. ROCHA, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 139.

No. 94-6689. POTE V. SHILLINGER, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF WYOMING. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 574.

No. 94-6691. MAHALEY V. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 332' N. C. 583, 423 S. E. 2d 58.

No. 94-6692. DOE V. IOWA ET AL. Sup. Ct. Iowa. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6698. DALIS V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 141.

No. 94-6699. BROWN v. CALIFORNIA. Munic. Ct. of Shasta County, Cal. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6700. JUDD v. GONZALES, SECRETARY OF STATE OF NEW MEXICO. Sup. Ct. N. M. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6702. SAUNDERS V.THOMPSON, WARDEN. Certiorari denied.

Sup. Ct. Va.

No. 94-6705. PALOMO ET AL. v. TERRITORY OF GUAM. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 368.

No. 94-6708. ROBINSON V. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 336 N. C. 78, 443 S. E. 2d 306.

No. 94-6711. PUFFER v. LEWIS, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 132.

1090

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-6712. OGDEN V. SAN JUAN COUNTY ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 452.
No. 94-6717. GILLIAM V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 70 Ohio St. 3d 17, 635 N. E. 2d 1242.
No. 94-6719. LONG V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 304.
No. 94-6721. SIMPSON v. GRoOSE, WARDEN. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1070.
No. 94-6722. WEAKLEY ET UX. V. SECURITY STATE BANK & TRUST ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 468.
No. 94-6730. OKOCHA V. CLEVELAND BAR ASSN. ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 69 Ohio St. 3d 398, 632 N. E. 2d 1284.
No. 94-6733. TUCKER v. NEW JERSEY. Sup. Ct. N. J. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 137 N. J. 259, 645 A. 2d 111.
No. 94-6735. HOWARD v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 566.
No. 94-6738. TRIPATI v. ARPAIO, MARICOPA COUNTY SHERIFF. Sup. Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6742. BRYSON V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 876 P. 2d 240.
No. 94-6744. HARTFORD v. ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC SECURITY. Ct. App. Ariz. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6747. SIMONSON V. SIMONSON. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6748. AzIz v. WRIGHT ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 587.
No. 94-6749. AZmZ v. GROOSE, SUPERINTENDENT, JEFFERSON CITY CORRECTIONAL CENTER, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1070.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. 94-6750. AzIz v. SCHRIRO, DIRECTOR, MISSOURI DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1070.
No. 94-6751. FLAYTER V. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 185 Wis. 2d 709, 520 N. W. 2d 110.
No. 94-6752. GAGLIARDI V. MASSACHUSETTS. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 418 Mass. 562, 638 N. E. 2d 20.
No. 94-6754. KNOX v. SHILLINGER, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 964.

No. 94-6755. SESARIO DEPINEDA V. ZAVARAS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, COLORADO DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1076.

No. 94-6757. PADILLA V. ARTUZ, SUPERINTENDENT, GREEN HAVEN CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 84 N. Y. 2d 850, 641 N. E. 2d 161.
No. 94-6759. MASON v. LOS ANGELES SUPERIOR COURT APPELLATE DEPARTMENT. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6764. WILSON v. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 433.
No. 94-6768. DEARINGER v. DUCHARME, SUPERINTENDENT, WASHINGTON STATE REFORMATORY. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6773. ADAMS v. LEAPLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 713.
No. 94-6775. CRUMMIE V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6777. SUMMERS V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6779. JARDINE V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.

1092

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-6780. JACKSON v. RATELLE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1113.
No. 94-6783. KISKILA ET UX. v. BUSINESS EXCHANGE, INC.,
ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6784. GRAVES V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6786. FORD V. WILLIAMS ET AL. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6788. DENHAM v. KERNAN, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 245.
No. 94-6791. HOLLOWAY V. OLIVAREZ, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 246.
No. 94-6792. BRUNN V. UNITED GUARANTY RESIDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF NORTH CAROLINA. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 254 Ill. App. 3d 1118, 667 N. E. 2d 1110.
No. 94-6795. BRADVICA V. JONES, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6796. BETKA V. SMITH ET UX. Cir. Ct. Ore., Clackamas County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6798. CHATTERS v. THURMAN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6799. REYES V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6800. LONG V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6807. REESE V. UNITED STATES.- C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 166.
No. 94-6808. MCCLELLAN v. OHIO. Ct. App. Ohio, Hamilton County. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 93 Ohio App. 3d 315, 638 N. E. 2d 593.
No. 94-6809. LOVE v. SCOTT ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 629.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. 94-6811. BROWN v. NOBLES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6812. BURLEY V. MCDONNELL DOUGLAS HELICOPTER Co. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1111.
No. 94-6813. GOSSAGE v. BARBOUR, SUPERINTENDENT, TWIN RIVERS CORRECTIONS CENTER; and THELAN V. BARBOUR, SUPERINTENDENT, TWIN RIVERS CORRECTIONS CENTER. Ct. App. Wash. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6814. WISE V. MISSOURI. Sup. Ct. Mo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 879 S. W, 2d 494.
No. 94-6816. HESS ET AL. V. HARDEN ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1379.
No. 94-6819. HILL v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1383.
No. 94-6820. FINKEL V. NEW YORK CITY HOUSING AUTHORITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 621.
No. 94-6824. MILLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6825. WILLIAMS v. BORG & WARNER AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS & MECHANICAL SYSTEM CORP. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1230.
No. 94-6826. HOLIDAY V. GILMORE, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 570.
No. 94-6832. COTTON V. NEW YORK. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 4th Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 206 App. Div. 2d 979, 616 N. Y. S. 2d 266.
No. 94-6835. GRISSO v. NEW MADRID COUNTY, MISSOURI, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1394.
No. 94-6836. SIZEMORE V. TURNER, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 568.

1094

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-6840. SMITH V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6841. WITCHER V.WITCHER. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 433 Pa. Super. 14, 639 A. 2d 1187.
No. 94-6842. PEARSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1381.
No. 94-6847. RUSSELL V. MASSACHUSETTS. App. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 Mass. App. 152, 638 N. E. 2d 37.
No. 94-6848. NESMITH V. MCKELLAR ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 423.
No. 94-6849. LUNA v. RUSSELL, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 70 Ohio St. 3d 561, 639 N. E. 2d 1168.
No. 94-6850. MAKEMSON V. MCBRIDE, SUPERINTENDENT, WESTVILLE CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari
denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 570.
No. 94-6851. RODRIGUEZ MENDOZA V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR,
TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DI-
VISION, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1094.
No. 94-6852. QUINTO V. OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 983 F. 2d 1088.
No. 94-6855. CORONA V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1381.
No. 94-6857. MIMS V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT
OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6861. IvY v. MOORE, FORMER DIRECTOR, MISSOURI DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 634.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. 94-6862. GOCKEN V. CITY OF AUBURN, WASHINGTON, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 106.
-No. 94-6863. CASSIDY V. INDUSTRIAL INDEMNITY CO. ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6864. ATKINS v. TANDY CORP. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6870. WILLIAM6 v. UNITED STATE8 POTAL SERVICE
ET AL.; and WILLIAMS V. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF LETTER CARRIERS OF THE USA ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 575.

No. 94-6871. DE LA CERDA V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6872. GIFFORD V. OHIO ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 565.
No. 94-6874. POWERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 60.
No. 94-6875. ONUORAH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 110.
No. 94-6877. DASH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-6878. CELESTINE V. ROCHA, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1424.
No. 94-6884. GHAZALI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 635.
No. 94-6885. JONES V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6886. GRAY v. ALFORD, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1491.
No. 94-6887. HUBBARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1410.

1096

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-6888. JUELS v. DEUTSCHE BANK AG. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 391.
No. 94-6889. SEVERE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 444.
No. 94-6890. COLEMAN V.TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 881 S. W. 2d 344.
No. 94-6894. TORRES V. UNITED STATES; No. 94-6945. TORRES V.UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7041. SANTOYO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 567.

No. 94-6895. BANK6 V. UNITED STATE. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 557.
No. 94-6900. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 577.
No. 94-6901. ROBINSON V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ET AL.
C.A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 630.
No. 94-6902. RISHOR V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1118.
No. 94-6903. EASON V. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 336 N. C. 730, 445 S. E. 2d 917.
No. 94-6904. REVILLA V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 877 P. 2d 1143.
No. 94-6905. RASHEED V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 132.
No. 94-6906. MARIN-PEREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1382.
No. 94-6907. MOORE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1490.
No. 94-6908. WILLIS v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1379.

ORDERS

5i9 U. g.

January g, 19gg

No. 94-6911. GREEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1121.
No. 94-6913. FLEMING V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 557.
No. 94-6915. FRIEBERGER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 916.
No. 94-6917. HOLMES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 635.
No. 94-6918. CRANK v. TOLLE, JUDGE, CRIMINAL DISTRICT COURT OF TExAS, DALLAS COUNTY. Sup. Ct. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6919. GARRETT v. ARTHUR ANDERSEN & Co. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 254.
No. 94-6923. RENNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 642.
No. 94-6926. ANDRES PAEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6927. ROBINSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 53.
No. 94-6928. LEAPHART V.COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31
F. 3d 1172.
No. 94-6930. THAKKAR v. DEBEVOISE. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6932. ZUNIGA V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-6934. BYSE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1165.
No. 94-6936. CHANDLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1383.
No. 94-6938. SIMMONS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1067.

1098

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-6942. JORGE TORRES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 130.
No. 94-6943. HERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATEO. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-6944. SPAULDING V.SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 559.
No. 94-6950. JOHNSON ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1487.
No. 94-6952. HENSLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1378.
No. 94-6953. SPEER V. UNITED STATES. , C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 605.
No. 94-6954. HICKSON, AKA PRATT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. . Reported below: 35 F. 3d 559.

No. 94-6955. YOUNG V. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 185 Wis. 2d 920, 520 N. W. 2d 292.

No. 94-6959. FISHER V. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. S. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 336 N. C. 684, 445 S. E. 2d 866.
No. 94-6960. HESS v. MAASS, SUPERINTENDENT, OREGON STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 632.

No. 94-6962. MOBLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 132.
No. 94-6964. MOREHEAD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1381.
No. 94-6965. MITCHELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 57.
No. 94-6969. OUTLER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-6972. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 613.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. 94-6973. CHAPMAN. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 49.
No. 94-6975. BLACKWELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1068.
No. 94-6976. DAUGAARD V. CONNECTICUT. Sup. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 231 Conn. 195, 647 A. 2d 342.
No. 94-6977. SMITH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1075.
No. 94-6978. VALENTINE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1173.
No. 94-6979. RUIZ-CASES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 577.
No. 94-6985. HARBERT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 271.
No. 94-6986. HURTADO-ROJAS v. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-6988. ROJAS-HURTADO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 560.
No. 94-6989. MCGAHEE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1490.
No. 94-6993. MIZKUN V. WIDNALL, SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6996. LENIS V. UNITED STATES MARSHAL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 49.
No. 94-6998. BROWN V. MCGINNIS, DIRECTOR, MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7001. CAIN V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7051. MARTIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 53.
No. 94-7008. SIAW v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1075.
No. 94-7009. SEGARS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 655.

1100

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-7012. SORIANO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 573.
No. 94-7014. JONES, AKA BARNARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 560.
No. 94-7016. MILES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1490.
No. 94-7019. WISHON v. FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND REHABILITATIVE SERVICES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1121.
No. 94-7021. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 562.
No. 94-7024. TOWNSEND V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 262.
No. 94-7026. STEELE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 788.
No. 94-7027. AMIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1485.
No. 94-7034. HINTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 817.
No. 94-7036. HUMMER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1067.
No. 94-7040. SKINNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1564.
No. 94-7046. ANDERSON v. DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1380.
No. 94-7049. BRAZZELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 576.
No. 94-7050. MUSTILIER v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 573.
No. 94-7052. PRATT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 625.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. 94-7053. LAW v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1077.
No. 94-7057. LAWRENCE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 44.
No. 94-7063. PULIDO V. UNITED STATES; No. 94-7072. GOMEZ V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7105. PREVAL PLANAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1407.
No. 94-7064. PEERY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1095.
No. 94-7065. CRUZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1500.
No. 94-7067. MATRA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1396.
No. 94-7071. BARRIENTOS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7073. JESSIE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-7077. CARTER V. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 185 Wis. 2d 709, 520 N. W. 2d 110.
No. 94-7080. Cox v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1074.
No. 94-7081. MENDOZA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1098.
No. 94-7082. BARBER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1067.
No. 94-7084. DIAZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1378.
No. 94-7093. HUGHES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 557.
No. 94-7097. DAVIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1094.

1102

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7103. ALONSO MORALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 576.
No. 94-7106. SORRENTINO PIMENTEL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 799.
No. 94-7109. RuIz SIFUENTEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1047.
No. 94-7120. SARCENO-BARRIOS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 135.
No. 94-7121. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 558.
No. 94-7126. CONZETT V. SOUTH CAROLINA. Ct. Common Pleas of Richland County, S. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7179. WATTS v. CHAPLEAU, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-7198. LOHNES V. CLASS, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-438. ELLINGSWORTH, WARDEN, ET AL. V. REYNOLDS. C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed infiorma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 756.
No. 94-799. WILLIAMS, SUPERINTENDENT, FULTON CORRECTIONAL FACILITY V. VIDAL. C. A. 2d Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 67.
No. 94-881. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION V. HILL. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 832.
No. 94-650. EYAX NATIVE VILLAGE ET AL. V. EXXON CORP. ET AL.; and
No. 94-855. EXXON CORP. ET AL. V. EYAK NATIVE VILLAGE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of these petitions. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 773.

ORDERS

1103

513 U. S.

January 9, 1995

No. 94-776. GILLETTE Co. v. MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT OF TREASURY. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 198 Mich. App. 303, 497 N. W. 2d 595.
No. 94-689. DUNCAN ENERGY Co. ET AL. V. THREE AFFILIATED TRIBES OF THE FORT BERTHOLD RESERVATION ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of Rocky Mountain Oil & Gas Association for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1294.
No. 94-766. DUFFY ET AL. V. WETZLER, INDIVIDUALLY AND
AS COMMISSIONER OF TAXATION AND FINANCE OF NEW YORK, ET AL. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 2d Jud. Dept. Motion of National Association of Retired Federal Employees et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 207 App. Div. 2d 375 and 378, 616 N. Y. S. 2d 48 and 213.
No. 94-810. RoY B. TAYLOR SALES, INC. v. HOLLYMATIC CORP. C. A. 5th Cir. Motion of Independent Distributors Association for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1379.
No. 94-833. ASARCO INC. v. LOUISIANA-PACIFIC CORP. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Motions of American Petroleum Institute et al. and Alaska Miners Association et al. for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1565.
No. 94-843. RIDGEWAY ET AL. V. PFIZER, INC., ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 94-865. RUTGERSWERKE AG v. BETTIS ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Motion of Federal Republic of Germany for leave to file a
brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied.

Rehearing Denied
No. 93-9007. MOSS v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL., ante, p. 831;
No. 93-9344. BANNISTER V. ARMONTROUT, ASSISTANT DIRECTOR/ZONE II, MISSOURI DIVISION OF ADULT INSTITUTIONS, ET AL., ante, p. 960;

1104

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 9, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 93-9707. CAIN V. VICKERS ET AL., ante, p. 861; No. 94-508. OPTIMAL DATA CORP. V. UNITED STATES, ante,
p. 1000; No. 94-524. LEE v. STATE BAR OF CALIFORNIA, ante, p. 965; No. 94-535. ZISK ET AL. V. PLACER COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT
(WALKER, REAL PARTY IN INTEREST), ante, p. 983; No. 94-5032. WHITEHEAD v. GREER ET AL., ante, p. 966; No. 94-5207. DE LA FE v. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 989; No. 94-5354. OVERLY V. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS
FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT, ante, p. 966; No. 94-5610. PORTER V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA
DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ante, p. 1009;
No. 94-5626. JOHNSON V. DUTTON, WARDEN, ET AL., ante, p. 935;
No. 94-5756. MATA v. RICKETTS ET AL., ante, p. 968; No. 94-5814. DOKES v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DE-
PARTMENT OF CORRECTION, ante, p. 968;

No. 94-5822. No. 94-5859. No. 94-5892. ante, p. 970; No. 94-5907. No. 94-5954. No. 94-5956. No. 94-5963. No. 94-6010.
ET AL., ante, p.

MOON V. ZANT, WARDEN, ante, p. 968; GILES V. SNOW ET AL., ante, p. 969; MCFADDEN V. SEARS, ROEBUCK & CO. ET AL.,
JONES v. NORTH CAROLINA, ante, p. 1003; SHORTER V. SMITH, WARDEN, ET AL., ante, p. 953; KERPAN ET UX. v. DAVIS, ante, p. 971; GOMEZ V. BRUN APARTMENTS, ante, p. 972; MARCH v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL, 973;

No. 94-6033. REBAR V. MARSH, SECRETARY OF THE ARMY,

ET AL., ante, p. 974; No. 94-6065. AZAR V. HEALTH ALLIANCE PLAN, ante, p. 974; No. 94-6167. RIMELL V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 976;
No. 94-6341. IN RE SEAGRAVE, ante, p. 985; No. 94-6360. LAZOR V. SPERRY RAND CORP., UNIVAC DIVISION (NKA UNISYS CORP.), ante, p. 1006; No. 94-6417. MCAFEE v. TEXAS, ante, p. 1026;
No. 94-6442. RANDALL V. FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH

AND REHABILITATIVE SERVICES OF VOLUSIA COUNTY ET AL.,
ante, p. 1026;

ORDERS

1105

513 U. S.

January 9, 11, 1995

No. 94-6459. BRASLAVSKY v. BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS, ante, p. 1008;
No. 94-6493. DUBYAK V. SMITH, WARDEN, ante, p. 1026; and No. 94-6530. PFEIFFER V. ARIZONA ET AL., ante, p. 1027. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 93-1782. SWEENEY, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS TRUSTEE OF
THE MAPLE LEAF TRUST AND OF THE CANADIAN REALTY TRUST,
ET AL. v. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION ET AL., ante, p. 914. Petition for rehearing denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 93-9353. SMITH v. DIXON, WARDEN, ante, p. 841; and No. 94-5692. GILMORE v. LOCAL 295, INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD OF TEAMSTERS, CHAUFFEURS, WAREHOUSEMEN & HELPERS OF AMERICA, ET AL., ante, p. 936. Motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 94-459. BISHOP V. GEORGIA STATE BAR, ante, p. 987. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis granted. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 94-6158. DEMPSEY v. TURNER BROADCASTING SYSTEM ET AL., ante, p. 1004. Motion of petitioner to defer consideration of petition for rehearing denied. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 94-5895 (A-489). ZIMMERMAN V. TEXAS, ante, p. 1021. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Petition for rehearing denied.

JANUARY 11, 1995

Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-100. FAULKNER V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 870. tion for rehearing dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.

Peti-

Miscellaneous Order
No. A-510 (94-7612). POLLARD v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE THOMAS, and by him referred to the Court, granted pending the

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 11, 13, 16, 1995

513 U.S.

disposition by this Court of the petition for writ of certiorari. Should the petition for writ of certiorari be denied, this stay terminates automatically. In the event the petition for writ of certiorari is granted, this stay shall continue pending the sending down of the judgment of this Court.

CertiorariGranted JANUARY 13, 1995
No. 94-780. CAPITOL SQUARE REVIEW AND ADVISORY BOARD ET AL. V. PINETTE ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioners is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, February 23, 1995. Brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, March 23, 1995. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 675.
No. 94-790. RENO, ATTORNEY GENERAL, ET AL. v. KORAY. C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioners is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, February 23, 1995. Brief of respondent is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, March 23, 1995. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 558.
No. 94-820. METROPOLITAN STEVEDORE Co. v. RAMBO ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioner is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, February 23, 1995. Brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Thursday, March 23, 1995. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 86.

CertiorariDenied JANUARY 16, 1995
No. 94-7660 (A-516). MARQUEZ v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

JANUARY 17, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-960. SYNBIOTICS CORP. V. IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC., ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46.1. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1080.

CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 93-1805. MIMS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Tome v. United States, ante, p. 150. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 217.
No. 94-564. UNITED STATES v. RUDDELL. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of United States v.
X-Citement Video, Inc., ante, p. 64. Reported below: 2 F. 3d 1159.
No. 94-6261. TOMLIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Tome v. United States, ante, p. 150. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 110.

CertiorariDismissed
No. 94-7612. POLLARD v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari dismissed. The stay of execution of sentence of death is reinstated. This stay shall remain in effect pending the District Court's consideration of petitioner's petition for writ of habeas corpus.

Miscellaneous Orders. (See also No. 106, Orig., ante, p. 177.)

No. - - -. SIGLER V. TWYFORD ET AL. Motion for leave to file motion for reconsideration of order denying leave to file peti-
tion for writ of certiorari out of time [ante, p. 923] denied.

No. - -

SUMMERFIELD V. HOLCOMB ET AL.; and

No. - -

R & R MECHANICAL, INC. v. ST. PAUL FIRE &

MARINE INSURANCE CO. ET AL. Motions to direct the Clerk to

file petitions for writs of certiorari out of time denied.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 17, 1995

513 U.S.

No. ---.

FADAYINI V. UNITED STATES. Motion of Greg-

ory Burr MacCaulay to withdraw as Court-appointed counsel for

petitioner granted.

No. D-1466. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WALSH. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 984.]

No. D-1467. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WILSON. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 997.]

No. D-1493. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SCOTT. Due to mistaken identity, the order entered January 9, 1995 [ante, p. 1073], suspending Winfield William Scott, of Dallas, Tex., from the Bar of this Court is vacated, and the rule to show cause is discharged.

No. D-1496. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HOTZE. It is ordered
that T. Wilson Hotze, of Richmond, Va., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. 93-1408. NEW YORK STATE CONFERENCE OF BLUE
CROSS & BLUE SHIELD PLANS ET AL. V. TRAVELERS INSURANCE
CO. ET AL.; No. 93-1414. PATAKI, GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK, ET AL. V.
TRAVELERS INSURANCE CO. ET AL.; and No. 93-1415. HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION OF NEW YORK STATE V.
TRAVELERS INSURANCE CO. ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 920.] Motion of Federation of American Health Systems for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted.

No. 93-1841. ADARAND CONSTRUCTORS, INC. V. PENA, SECRE-
TARY OF TRANSPORTATION, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. [Certiorari
granted, 512 U. S. 1288.] Motion of Maryland Women Business Entrepreneurs Association et al. for leave to participate in oral argument as amici curiae denied.

No. 94-23. CITY OF EDMONDS V. OXFORD HOUSE, INC., ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 959.] Motion of the Solicitor General for divided argument granted to be divided as follows: 15 minutes for the Solicitor General and 15 minutes for the private respondents.

No. 94-167. GUTIERREZ DE MARTINEZ ET AL. v. LAMAGNO ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 998.] Motion

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 17, 1995

of the Solicitor General for divided argument granted. Motion of respondent Dirk A. Lamagno for divided argument granted to be divided as follows: 20 minutes for amicus curiae in support of judgment below and 10 minutes for respondent Lamagno.

No. 94-226. FLORIDA BAR V. WENT FOR IT, INC., ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. [Certiorari granted, 512 U. S. 1289.] Motion of petitioner to dispense with printing the joint appendix granted.

No. 94-367. HEINTZ ET AL. V. JENKINS. C. A. 7th Cir. [Cer-
tiorari granted, ante, p. 959.] Motion of Commercial Law League
of America for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae denied.

No. 94-7284. IN RE ROEMER; No. 94-7355. IN RE BOND; and No. 94-7406. IN RE CARSON ET AL. habeas corpus denied.

Petitions for writs of

No. 94-928. IN RE ANDERSON ET AL. Petition for writ of mandamus denied.

CertiorariDenied , No. 94-413. KNOx v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir.
rari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 733.

Certio-

No. 94-442. BOSTON POST ROAD LIMITED PARTNERSHIP V. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 477.

No. 94-451. HOLLAND V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 1040.

No. 94-511. FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC. v. UNITED STATES. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 1560.

No. 94-527. BELLA v. CHAMBERLAIN ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1251.

No. 94-534. OLIVAS v. BOEH. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 761.

No. 94-538. BOERS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 244.

1110

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 17, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-568. MCKINNEY V. OSCEOLA COUNTY BOARD OF COUNTY COMMISSIONERS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1550.

No. 94-648. AISPURO, WARDEN V. MELENDEZ LONGORIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 106.
No. 94-692. PARKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 638.

No. 94-694. BURKE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1174.

No. 94-701. NELSON ET UX. V. UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT
OF THE INTERIOR. C. A. Zd Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 349.
No. 94-708. EL DORADO PALM SPRINGS, LTD., DBA EL DoRADO MOBILEHOME PARK v. RENT REVIEW COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF PALM SPRINGS ET AL.; and
No. 94-963. RESIDENTS OF EL DORADO MOBILEHOME PARK V. RENT REVIEW COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF PALM SPRINGS ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-717. NAPOLI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 31.

No. 94-721. USX CORP. v. Cox ET AL.; No. 94-724. UNITED STEELWORKERS OF AMERICA v. COX ET AL.; and No. 94-910. Cox ET AL. V. USX CORP. ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1386 and 30 F. 3d 1347.
No. 94-748. YONG HYON KIM v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 947.
No. 94-752. AMERICAN BANKERS ASSN. ET AL. V. KELLEY, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF MICHIGAN, ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1100.
No. 94-768. CLEVELAND ET AL. V. BELTMAN NORTH AMERICAN CO., INC., ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 373.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 17, 1995

. No. 94-814. DOUGHERTY ET AL. V. MARKS ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Cortiorari denied. Reported below! 27 F. 2d 1487.
No. 94-844. CUMMINGS ET AL. V. DEKALB COUNTY ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d
1349.
No. 94-864. LARSON V. NUTT, SHERIFF, MARTIN COUNTY.
C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 647.
No. 94-867. HYUNDAI MOTOR CO. ET AL. V. PHILLIP, PER-
SONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ESTATE OF PHILLIP, DECEASED.
Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 3d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 639 So. 2d 1064.
No. 94-880. CROSS V. CUNNINGHAM, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. N. H. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 138 N. H. 591, 644 A. 2d 542.
No. 94-894. ROBERTS V.TOWN OF CANTON ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 62.
No. 94-895.. AMERICAN UNION OF BAPTISTS, INC., ET AL. V.
TRUSTEES OF THE PARTICULAR PRIMITIVE BAPTIST CHURCH AT
BLACK ROCK, INC. Ct. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 335 Md. 564, 644 A. 2d 1063.
No. 94-897. WANG, CHAIRMAN, CAMPAIGN SPENDING COMMISSION OF HAWAII, ET AL. v. LIND. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1115.
'No. 94-902. VAN WINKLE v. TEXAS. Ct. App. Tex., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-906. RICHARDS, CONSERVATOR AND GUARDIAN OF THE ESTATE OF RICHARDS V. MICHELIN TIRE CORP. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1048.
No. 94-911. DOLNY v. ERICKSON, WARDEN. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 381.
No. 94-913. BERRY, PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ESTATE OF BERRY, DECEASED v. CITY OF DETROIT. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1342.
No. 94-914. ADAMS ET AL. V. BARCLAYS AMERICAN BUSINESS
CREDIT, INC. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 389.

1112

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 17, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-915. NATIONAL UNION FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF PITTSBURGH ET AL. v. HIGHLANDS INSURANCE CO. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1027.

No. 94-916. REMMEY ET AL., EXECUTORS OF THE ESTATE OF
REMMEY, DECEASED V. PAINEWEBRER, INC., ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 143.

No. 94-927. WOODS ET AL. v. FEDERAL OMAHA. Sup. Ct. Iowa. Certiorari denied.
520 N. W. 2d 305.

LAND BANK OF Reported below:

No. 94-930. BALDUCCI PUBLICATIONS ET AL. V. ANHEUSERBUSCH, INC. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 28 F. 3d 769.

No. 94-931. LEWELLEN V. METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 345.

No. 94-934. LISEK v. NORFOLK & WESTERN RAILWAY Co. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 823.
No. 94-935. TAUB V. CITY OF DEER PARK. Sup. Ct. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 882 S. W. 2d 824.

No. 94-939. ENTERPRISE VI ET AL. V. FERGUSON ET AL. Ct. App. Ky. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-942. UNITED WORLD TRADE, INC. v. MANGYSHLAK-
NEFT OIL PRODUCTION ASSN. ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1232.

No. 94-948. KUCINSKI V. MORNING CALL, INC. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1172.

No. 94-955. DICuccIo v. GEISINGER CLINIC. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 414 Pa. Super. 85, 606 A. 2d 509.

No. 94-957. AMERICAN DISPOSAL CO. ET AL. V. HUME ET AL.
Sup. Ct. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 124 Wash. 2d 656, 880 P. 2d 988.

No. 94-958. BRUMMETT V. CAMPBELL ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 560.

ORDERS

1113

513 U. S.

January 17, 1995

No. 94-973. THOMAS V. MONSANTO EMPLOYEES' CREDIT UNION. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1060.

No. 94-974. OHIO SAVINGS BANK, FKA OHIO SAVINGS ASSN. v. HAMILTON ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 70 Ohio St. 3d 137, 637 N. E. 2d 887.

No. 94-975. BENSON ET AL. V. EMPIRE STATE BANK. Ct. App. Minn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 516 N. W. 2d 550.

No. 94-985. FORGETTE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 574.

No. 94-991. SEARS, ROEBUCK & Co. v. FORBUS ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1402.

No. 94-997. BECKMAN ET UX. v. GREENSPAN, CHAIRMAN, FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Mont. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-1007. MITCHELL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1493.

No. 94-1008. ESPOSITO v. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 9 F. 3d 1540.

No. 94-1017. ADAMS ET AL. V. MARYLAND DEPARTMENT OF

PUBLIC SAFETY AND CORRECTIONAL SERVICES ET AL.
Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 336 Md. A. 2d 96.

Ct. App. 105, 647

No. 94-1031. FELIX V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 356.
No. 94-1032. REYNOLDS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 198.
No. 94-1065. MARTINDALE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 348.
No. 94-1067. COLEMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 M. J. 46.

1114

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 17, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-1068. GREAVES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 432.
No. 94-1069. MORGAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 405.
No. 94-1071. VERDUGO-URQUIDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-1078. SCOLIERI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1490.
No. 94-1083. KOEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 722.
No. 94-1095. ENRIQUEZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 55.
No. 94-5144. ANDREWS V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 612.
No. 94-5352. MOORE V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 534 Pa. 527, 633 A. 2d 1119.
No. 94-5634. SMITH v. FARLEY, SUPERINTENDENT, INDIANA STATE PRISON, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1363.
No. 94-5837. PITTMAN V. AHITOW, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 569.
No. 94-5846. BURKS v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 876 S. W. 2d 877.
No. 94-6011. NORMAN V. TAYLOR. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1259.
No. 94-6093. LUCAS v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 877 S. W. 2d 315.
No. 94-6136. NICHOLS v. TENNESSEE. Sup. Ct. Tenn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 877 S. W. 2d 722.
No. 94-6230. MOORE v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 882 S. W. 2d 844.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 17, 1995

No. 94-6260. BASHARA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-6263. DEGGENDORF ET AL. V. MICHIGAN. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6369. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1186.
No. 94-6387. FASOLA V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 627.
No. 94-6413. LAPLANTE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1.
No. 94-6415. QUEEN v. TEXAS.,; Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 877 S. W. 2d 752.
No. 94-6471. MENZIES V. UTAH. Sup. Ct. Utah. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 889 P. 2d.393.
No. 94-6485. HUERTA-MACIAS, AKA MACIAS-HUERTA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 134.
No. 94-6506. BUDD V. UNITED STATES. *C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 442.
No. 94-6507. SPAZIANO V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS,' ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1028. . No. 94-6513. OLIVA ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1096.
No. 94-6527. JACKSON V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1492.
No. 94-6570. RICH v. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6574. JEFFERIES V. SOUTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. S. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 316 S. C. 13, 446 S. E. 2d 427.
No. 94-6589. BRANTLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1498.

1116

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 17, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-6591. TRONCOSO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 612.
No. 94-6614. PETTY v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6778. FORD v. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6971. PRICE v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 645 So. 2d 454.

No. 94-6980. SCHMIDT V. MINNESOTA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1185.

No. 94-6981. TORRES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 225.

No. 94-6982. SCHAFFER v. BEVEVINO ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6984. WILLS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 567.

No. 94-6987. HALL ET AL. v. LOCAL UNION 1183, UNITED AUTOMOBILE, AEROSPACE & AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENT WORKERS OF AMERICA. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 648 A. 2d 424.

No. 94-6990. MAFNAS V.ALDAN-PIERCE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 756.

No. 94-6991. RAMOS V. OFFICE OF THE PUBLIC DEFENDER, HUDSON REGION. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6992. PIzzo v. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6994. REILLY V. FLORIDA ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6995. MARVEL v. DELAWARE. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 651 A. 2d 788.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 17, 1995

No. 94-6997. RUTHERS V. ORTIZ, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1490.
No. 94-6999. DYER V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7000. DUSENBERY V. GRAVES ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1498.
No. 94-7002. CAZEAU, AKA LAFLEUR V. PENNSYLVANIA STATE POLICE ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1486.
No. 94-7003. BRADFORD V. MISSISSIPPI. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 639 So. 2d 1326.

No. 94-7004. BRONFMAN V. CITY OF KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI, ET AL. Ct. App. Mo., Western Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 879 S. W. 2d 587.
No. 94-7006. SIEROTOWICZ V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7011. SOWA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 447.
No. 94-7015. MEHRER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 253.
No. 94-7017. PARADIS V. ARAVE ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 950.

No. 94-7023. BENCS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 555.

No. 94-705. GONZALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7037. DAVID v. HUDACS, NEW YORK COMMISSIONER OF LABOR. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 82 N. Y. 2d 663, 632 N. E. 2d 461.
No. 94-7043. BAEZ v. DOUGLAS COUNTY COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.

1118

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 17, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-7045. BARROW v. BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT EL PASO ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari
denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1379.

No. 94-7055. MCKENZIE V. WEER, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1415.
No. 94-7056. LADSON V.METROPOLITAN DADE COUNTY ET AL. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 So. 2d 1362.
No. 94-7061. TURPIN v. KASSULKE, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1392.

No. 94-7069. RAWLINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-7075. BURNS v. DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 406.

No. 94-7076. CAMPOS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. '5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7085. HARPER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1143.
No. 94-7091. VAUTIER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 93.
No. 94-7095. GIDIGLO V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 556.
No. 94-7098. COEFIELD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Ath Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1496.

No. 94-7100. HAWKINS V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7113. BEASLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1106.

No. 94-7116. AUSTIN V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 89.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 17, 1995

No. 94-7117. KIMBLE V.MONTGOMERY COUNTY GOVERNMENT ET AL. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 99 Md. App. 751.
No. 94-7118. ALVARADO BARRON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 559.
No. 94-7123. KOVALIC v. DEC INTERNATIONAL. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 186 Wis. 2d 162, 519 N. W, 2d 351.
No. 94-7129. BRANNON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1182.
No. 94-7133. HADRICK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1067.
No. 94-7138. GRIGGS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 60.
No. 94-7140. OSUORJI v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1186.
No. 94-7141. PIERRO V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 611.
No. 94-7143. MASON V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7144. NOYER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 134.

No. 94-7145. MUNOZ V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 632.
No. 94-7151. SELIGSOHN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1172.
No. 94-7155. STANCIL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 558.
No. 94-7160. WALTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 57.
No. 94-7166. PURK v. UNITED STATES. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1117.
No. 94-7167. CLARK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 831.

1120

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 17, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7169. HALL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1213.

No. 94-7171. BUSTILLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1506.
No. 94-7177. HARRIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-7182. CUPA-GUILLEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 860.
No. 94-7183. CASTELLANOS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 803.
No. 94-7186. BASCUE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-7190. WHITE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 94.
No. 94-7192. ERWIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 565.
No. 94-7194. RAMOS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1175.
No. 94-7195. PENA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 323.
No. 94-7196. QUINN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 565.
No. 94-7197. ORIAXHI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 564.

No. 94-7199. REDMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 437.
No. '94-7200. NIXON v. MISSISSIPPI. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 751.

No. 94-7288. MOSELEY V. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 336 N. C. 710, 445 S. E. 2d 906.
No. 94-761. CALDERON, WARDEN, ET AL. V. WADE. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 17, 1995

pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1312.
No. 94-801. ARIZONA V. BURKETT. Ct. App. Ariz. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed informa pauperisgranted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 179 Ariz. 109, 876 P. 2d 1144.
No. 94-932. MICHIGAN v. CARUSO. Sup. Ct. Mich. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed informa pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 446 Mich. 643, 521 N. W. 2d 557.
No. 94-909. PRINCZ V. FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY. C. A. D. C. Cir. Motions of Individual Professors of International Law and Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith et al. for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1166.
No. 94-946. FOREST GROVE, INC., ET AL. V. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION, AS RECEIVER OF HILL FINANCIAL, S. A. C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of respondent to substitute RTC Mortgage Trust 1994-S5 in place of Resolution Trust Corporation, as Receiver for Hill Financial, S. A., granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 284.
No. 94-951. HALL ET AL. V. O'SULLIVAN ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Motion of California Justice Foundation for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-966. PRIMATE AND BISHOPS' SYNOD OF THE RUSSIAN ORTHODOX CHURCH OUTSIDE OF RUSSIA v. RUSSIAN ORTHODOX
CHURCH OF THE HOLY RESURRECTION, INC., ET AL. Sup. Jud.
Ct. Mass. Motion of James Andrews et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 418 Mass. 1001, 636 N. E. 2d 211.
No. 94-986. CLAPP v. LEBOEUF, LAMB, LEIBY & MACRAE ET AL. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y., 1st Jud. Dept. Motion of petitioner to defer consideration of petition for certiorari denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 188 App. Div. 2d 386, 592 N. Y. S. 2d 580.

Rehearing Denied
No. 93-9758. FERRAN ET AL. V. TOWN OF NASSAU, NEW YORK, ET AL., ante, p. 1014;

1122

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 17, 18, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-22. WASHINGTON V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1014; No. 94-280. GLEAVE V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1015; No. 94-343. THANH VONG HOAI v. SUN REFINING & MARKETING CO., INC., ante, p. 947; No. 94-362. ACEVEDO-VILLALOBOS ET AL. V. HERNANDEZ ET AL., ante, p. 1015; No. 94-440. SETOLA ET AL. V. BOB SCHMIDT CHEVROLET, INC., ET AL., ante, p. 1016; No. 94-441. MACKEY V. MOSS ET AL., ante, p. 1043; No. 94-665. BROBST V. PENNSYLVANIA ET AL., ante, p. 1044; No. 94-5062. YANKELEVICZ V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, ante, p. 1020; No. 94-5310. JERRY v. DOMOVICH, SUPERINTENDENT, PENN-
SYLVANIA STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT PITTSBURGH,
ET AL., ante, p. 895; No. 94-5380. LESTER V. JABE, WARDEN, ante, p. 1020; No. 94-5986. MORRIS *J. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TExAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION, ante, p. 972;
No. 94-6009. LAVOLD v. CHANG ET AL., ante, p. 1021; No. 94-6124. MEADE-STEPHENS V. SCHOOL DISTRICT OF THE
CITY OF JERSEY CITY, HUDSON COUNTY, ante, p. 991;
No. 94-6259. WALLACE V. SMITH, WARDEN, ET AL., ante,
p. 1023; No. 94-6319. HIRATANI v. DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY
ET AL., ante, p. 992; No. 94-6345. HERRON-COLE V. JETER ET AL., ante, p. 1025; No. 94-6351. JOHNSON V. EPPS, ante, p. 1025; No. 94-6380. CARTER V. AMTRAK, ante, p. 1006; No. 94-6381. SINAI v. NEW ENGLAND TELEPHONE & TELE-
GRAPH Co. ET AL., ante, p. 1025; No. 94-6440. SMATHERS v. GREINER, ante, p. 1026; and No. 94-6541. ECHOLS V. YUKON TELEPHONE Co., INC., ET AL.,
ante, p. 1048. Petitions for rehearing denied.

JANUARY 18, 1995
Dismi8als Under Rule 46
No. 94-7054. MCCALL v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 750.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 18, 20, 23, 1995

No. 94-815. PUBLIC SCHOOL RETIREMENT SYSTEM OF MISSOURI v. LYNCH ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 336.

CertiorariGranted JANUARY 20, 1995
No. 93-2068. KIMBERLIN V. QUINLAN ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioner is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Wednesday, March 1, 1995. Brief of respondents is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Wednesday, March 29, 1995. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 6 F. 3d 789.
. No. 94-6790. GARLOTTE v. FORDICE, GOVERNOR OF MISSISsIppi. C. A. 5th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted. Brief of petitioner is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Wednesday, March 1, 1995. Brief of respondent is to be filed with the Clerk and served upon opposing counsel on or before 3 p.m., Wednesday, March 29, 1995. This Court's Rule 29.2 does not apply. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 216.

JANUARY 23, 1995
CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 93-995. HOME BUYERS WARRANTY CORPORATION II ET AL. v. LOPEZ. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Allied-Bruce Trminix Cos. v. Dobson, ante, p. 265. Reported below: 628 So. 2d 361.
No. 93-1000. TERMINIX INTERNATIONAL COMPANY LIMITED PARTNERSHIP ET AL. V. JACKSON ET UX. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certio-
rari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Allied-Bruce Terminix Cos. v. Dobson, ante, p. 265. Reported below: 628 So. 2d 357.
No. 93-1816. SOUTHERN HEALTH CORPORATION OF HAMILTON, INC., ET AL. v. LORANCE. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration

1124

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 23, 1995

513 U.S.

in light of Allied-Bruce Terminix Cos. v. Dobson, ante, p. 265. Reported below: 632 So. 2d 475.

Certiorari Granted-Revered. (See No. 94-941, ante, p. 364.)

Miscellaneous Orders

No. - -

LOWRY v. RUBIN, JUDGE; and

No. - -

ROGERS v. GUERRERO ET AL. Motions to direct

the Clerk to file petitions for writs of certiorari out of time denied.

No. D-1465. IN RE DISBARMENT OF GOODMAN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 984.]

No. D-1460. IN Dp DI9AMENT op BomPTA. Digbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1037.]
No. D-1497. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SKINNER. It is ordered that Truman A. Skinner, of Miami, Fla., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1498. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WHITE. It is ordered that David Garth White, of Cedar Key, Fla., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 105, Orig. KANSAS V. COLORADO. Exceptions to the Report of the Special Master set for oral argument in due course. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., ante, p. 803.]

No. 108, Orig. NEBRASKA v. WYOMING ET AL. Motion of Basin Electric Power Cooperative for leave to file a reply to certain Exceptions to the Report of the Special Master granted. Motion of Platte River Trust for leave to file a response to Wyoming's Second Exception to the Report of the Special Master granted. Exceptions to the Report of the Special Master set for oral argument in due course. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., ante, p. 997.]
No. 94-431. RYDER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1071.] Motion of petitioner -to dispense with printing the joint appendix granted.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

January 23, 1995

No. 94-514. UNITED STATES v. GAUDIN. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1071.] Motion of respondent for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperi8 granted.
No. 94-623. VIMAR SEGUROS Y REASEGUROS, S. A. v. M/V SKY REEFER ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1013.] Motion of American Association of Exporters and Importers for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. JusTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 94-1024. HUDDLESTON V. CIGNA INSURANCE CO., FKA INA UNDERWRITERS INSURANCE Co. ET AL., ante, p. 1071. Mo-
tion of respondents for double costs and damages granted in part, and respondents are awarded a total of $500 to be paid by counsel for petitioner on or before February 17, 1995.
No. 94-6790. GARLOTTE v. FORDICE, GOVERNOR OF MISSIS-
SIPPI. C. A. 5th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1123.1 Motion of petitioner for appointment of counsel granted, and it is ordered that Brian D. Boyle, Esq., of Washington, D. C., be appointed to serve as counsel for petitioner in this case.
No. 94-7449. IN RE VEY. Petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
ProbableJurisdictionNoted
No. 94-203. MORSE ET AL. V. REPUBLICAN PARTY OF VIRGINIA
ET AL. Appeal from D. C. W. D. Va. Probable jurisdiction noted. Reported below: 853 F. Supp. 212.
CertiorariGranted
No. 94-12. SEMINOLE TRIBE OF FLORIDA v. FLORIDA ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 1016.
No. 94-896. BMW OF NORTH AMERICA, INC. v. GORE. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 646 So. 2d 619.
No. 94-947. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD V. TOWN & COUNTRY ELECTRIC, INC., ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 625.

1126

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 23, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-6615. THOMPSON V. KEOHANE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1072.

Certiorari Denied
No. 93-1857. CARPENTERS DISTRICT COUNCIL OF NEW ORLEANS AND VICINITY ET AL. v. DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 15 F. 3d 1275.
No. 93-7218. SUESS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 5 F. 3d 1056.
No. 94-596. HUGHES v. MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 1069.
No. 94-612. JACKSON V. SCHEIBEL, DIRECTOR, ACTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 126.
No. 94-775. ESTATE OF MARCOS V. HILAO ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1467.
No. 94-796. DR. JOHN HAGELIN FOR PRESIDENT COMMITTEE OF KANSAS ET AL. V. GRAVES, SECRETARY OF STATE OF KANSAS. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 956.
No. 94-798. UNITED STATES LINES REORGANIZATION TRUST, SUCCESSOR TO UNITED STATES LINES (S. A.), INC. v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 385.
No. 94-811. WALLSHEIN V.CABLESTRAND CORP. ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 644.
No. 94-925. METROPOLITAN WASHINGTON AIRPORTS AUTHORITY ET AL. V. HECHINGER ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 97.
No. 94-952. PAN AMERICAN WORLD AIRWAYS, INC., ET AL. V. PAGNUCCO ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 804.
No. 94-965. WEISBERG V. MINNESOTA. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1271.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

January 23, 1995

No. 94-968. PINEVILLE REAL ESTATE OPERATION CORP. ET AL. V. MICHAEL ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 88.
No. 94-969. ODEKIRK V. IMPERIAL PALACE, INC., V. E. B. A. TRUST EMPLOYEE MEDICAL BENEFIT PLAN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1102.
No. 94-970. BUSTER v. THOMAS, HEAD & GREISEN EMPLOYEES TRUST ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1114.
No. 94-971. CAMPBELL ET AL. v. LEECH LAKE BAND OF CHIPPEWA INDIANS ET AL. Sup. Ct. Minn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 521 N. W. 2d 357.
No. 94-978. JOSLYN MANUFACTURING Co. v. LIBERTY MUTUAL INSURANCE CO. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 630.
No. 94-979. PATTERSON V. MATANUSKA MAID, INC., ET AL. Sup. Ct. Alaska. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 880 P. 2d 1038.
No. 94-983. HOLAHAN, CHAIR OF THE MINNESOTA ETHICAL PRACTICES BOARD, ET AL. V. DAY ET. AL. - C. A. 8th*Cir. Certiorari denied.. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1356.
No. 94-994. FOBBS v. HOLY CROSS HEALTH SYSTEM CORP. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1439.
No. 94-996. SCHULZ ET AL. V. NEW YORK ET AL. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 84 N. Y. 2d 231, 639 N. E. 2d 1140.
No. 94-998. BULLWINKLE v. ALASKA. Super. Ct. Alaska, 4th Jud. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1001. STEWART V. KEOHANE. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 882 P. 2d 1293.
No. 94-1005. HARHAI V. CARUSO ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir.' Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1169.
No. 94-1006. KING v. YOUNG ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 430.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 23, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-1009. LARSSON ET UX. V. CITY OF LAKE OSWEGO, OREGON. Ct. App. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 127 Ore. App. 647, 874 P. 2d 99.
No. 94-1011. SHEIK-ABDI V. MCCLELLAN ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1240.
No. 94-1014. NDEFRU V. SHERWOOD ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 142.
No. 94-1018. MASS ET AL. V. CITY OF CARLSBAD ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-1056. JOHN W. MARTIN CONSTRUCTION Co., INC., ET AL. v. NORWEST BANK KALISPELL, N. A. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1113.
No. 94-1091. KELLEY ET AL. v. BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 265.
No. 94-1101. SCHMIDGALL V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1533.
No. 94-1108. VIVAS V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-1115. ANDONIAN ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: No. 94-1108, 29 F. 3d 634 and 1432; No. 94-1115, 29 F. 3d 634.
No. 94-6226. LONG v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 54.
No. 94-6500. INGRAM v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 876.
No. 94-6575. HOLDRIDGE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 134.
No. 94-6634. DESANTIAGO-MARTINEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 394.
No. 94-6673. SEARLES V. RELIC ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 620.
No. 94-6683. MARIANI ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 1275.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 23, 1995

No. 94-6736. FLOWER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 530.
No. 94-6831. BECKER V. CITY OF KENNEWICK. Sup. Ct. Wash. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6845. PETERKA v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 640 So. 2d 59.
No. 94-6891. WILLIAMS V. HAWLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6897. HAWKINS V.*HARGETT, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6898. HAYES V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6899. GuY v. NAVARRO, SHERIFF, BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6909. SCARPA v. DuBoIS, COMMISSIONER, MASSACHUSETTS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. lst Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1.
No. 94-6910. SMART V.BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 432.
No. 94-6912. HARRIS V. 7232 PLEASANT VIEW DRIVE. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6914. FIELDS v. KANSAS. Ct. App. Kan. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 Kan. App. 2d xviii, 875 P. 2d 1016.
No. 94-6916. FANNY v. LEVY ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6920. TREDWAY V. FARLEY, SUPERINTENDENT, INDIANA STATE PRISON, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 288.

No. 94-6921. SMITH V. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.

1130

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 23, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-6922. DEHLER V. OHIO. Ct. App. Ohio, Cuyahoga County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6924. LYLES V. INDIANA. Ct. App. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 N. E. 2d 1385.
No. 94-6925. MOORE v. MISSOURI. Ct. App. Mo., Eastern Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 882 S. W. 2d 253.
NO. 94-6937. AYERS V.MARYLAND. Ct. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 335 Md. 602, 645 A. 2d 22,
No. 94-6941. HARDNETT V. MARSHALL, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 875.
No. 94-6946. KIRK V. SIMPSON, SHERIFF. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 566.
No. 94-6948. GILES V. IDAHO ET AL. Sup. Ct. Idaho. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 125 Idaho 921,877 P. 2d 365.
No. 94-6949. GILMORE v. GREGG ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6951. CHAMBERLIN v. HAYES ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6956. KERSH v. LIBERTY STATE BANK & TRUST. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 966 F. 3d 1452.
No. 94-6957. KERSH v. HUNTINGTON BANKS OF MICHIGAN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 212.
No. 94-6961. DERRICK v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 378.
No. 94-6966. REDMOND V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6967. RAWLINS V.OLSON ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 248.
No. 94-7005. WALLS v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. -Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 381.
No. 94-7007. TORREY V. MAINE. Sup. Jud. Ct. Me. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

1131

513 U. S.

January 23, 1995

No. 94-7013. NICHOLS V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7018. PARKER v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 369.
No. 94-7022. BALLARD v. BREEDEN. Cir. Ct. City of Norfolk, Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7032. HOLSTON V. GRIFFIN ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1209.
No. 94-7033. HOLLINGSWORTH v. BURTON, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 109.
No. 94-7038. BRADFORD V. SAN Luis OBIsPO COUNTY, DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7042. SHIVER V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7044. WARDLAW v. BURT, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No; 94-7047. GINES V. CURRAN ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7048. FAILE v. HATCHER, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7058. MURRAY V. PENOBSCOT COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 126.
No. 94-7059. RIGNEY V. BEYER, SUPERINTENDENT, NEW JERSEY STATE PRISON, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7060. CALIA V. PARKER ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1395.
No. 94-7066. DEGRIJZE v. SCHWARTZ ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7068. MAGHE v. CARR, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1105.

1132

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 23, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-7128. ARMSTRONG V. IOWA. Sup. Ct. Iowa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 523 N. W. 2d 443.
No. 94-7146. QUIGLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 135.
No. 94-7149. MARQUARD v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 54.
No. 94-7162. ANDERSON V. HUMANA, INC., ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1076.

No. 94-7206. CHISCHILLY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1144.
No. 94-7210. WHITE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 573.
No. 94-7213. BONASIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1306.
No. 94-7215. TUESTA TORO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 771.
No. 94-7218. WAGONER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 90.
No. 94-7219. BEIL v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1171.

No. 94-7221. TREUR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 135.

No. 94-7224. RIVERA-SANTIAGO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 212.
No. 94-7225. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 850.

No. 94-7227. SCOTT v. HALL ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 566.

No. 94-7228. ASHBY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 572.

No. 94-7229. ACOSTA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 663.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 23, 1995

No. 94-7232. LYONS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1497.

No. 94-7233. PLEDGER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 574.
No. 94-7234. OsoRo-ARCE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 573.

No. 94-7235. OVALLE-SALCEDO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 17 F. 3d 1432.
No. 94-7240. DORSEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 285.

No. 94-7241. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1172.

No. 94-7242. HARRIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 712.

No. 94-7245. HOYLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 415.

No. 94-7247. EDWARDS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1498.

No. 94-7248. TREECE V.WATERS, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1094.

No. 94-7249. BERKERY V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1489.

No. 94-7252. BEYAH V. SENKOWSKI. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7255. HASSAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1094.

No. 94-7256. SMITH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1051.

No. 94-7257. VALENCIA-VARGAS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 573.

No. 94-7258. FRANCISCO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 116.

1134

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 23, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7260. MARQUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1459.
No. 94-7261. POTTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 94.
No. 94-7262. MATHIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 474.
No. 94-7276. TURNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-7277. BAILEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 574.
No. 94-7278. BENTLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 140.
No. 94-7282. ROSARIO, AKA TORRES-ROSARIO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1172.
No. 94-7290. VIcK v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 558.
No. 94-7298. WILSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1104.
No. 94-7299. GOLDEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 577.
No. 94-7300. MCCLARIN, AKA NEALY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 642.
No. 94-7303. WILDER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 558.
No. 94-7306. FREEMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1508.
No. 94-7307. WOODS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1533.
No. 94-7308. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-7310. SKIPPER V. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 337 N. C. 1, 446 S. E. 2d 252.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

January 23, 1995

No. 94-7314. DANIELS v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below:, 337 N. C. 243, 446 S. E. 2d 298.
No. 94-7316. DAVILA-ESCOVEDO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 840.
No. 94-7317. BRISCOE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 271.
No. 94-7319. ARNOLD V. UNITED! STATES. C.. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 94.
No. 94-7321. 'TURNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-7322. SCOTT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1095.
No. 94-7327. KILLION v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 844.
No. 94-7328. KING v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d-728. -'
No. 94-7331. HATCHETT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7334. ROMANO v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 699.
No. 94-7335. MAYBERRY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 631.
No. 94-7336. WAI CHONG LEUNG V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 1402.
No. 94-7337. MURPHY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 143.
No. 94-7340. RESTREPo-GARCIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-7344. MINNIECHESKE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7346. BURTON v.. MARYLAND. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 100 Md. App. 790.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 23, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7351. VIJENDIRA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 573.
No. 94-7379. MEROLA V. BEYER ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-712. FRESSIE v. TRANS WORLD AIRLINES ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE SCALIA took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1171.
No. 94-961. DELAWARE V. JACKSON. Sup. Ct. Del. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 643 A. 2d 1360.
No. 94-993. ILLINOIS V. TURNER. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 259 Ill. App. 3d 979, 631 N. E. 2d 1236.
No. 94-7222. WHITNEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 420.
No. 94-7750 (A-536). SMITH V. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to THE CHIEF JUSTICE, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.
Rehearing Denied
No. 94-389. CLOSTERMANN V. JOHNSON ET AL., ante, p. 948; No. 94-487. BRASWELL v. Los ANGELES UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT, ante, p. 964; No. 94-664. JOHNSON, DBA F. C. JOHNSON CONSTRUCTION CO. v. HYNEMAN, ante, p. 1043; No. 94-5876. JUDGE v. BOLAN, ante, p. 969; No. 94-5878. FAIR V. ILLINOIS, ante, p. 1020; No. 94-6110. GOULDING V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1061; No. 94-6189. BOLENDER V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ante, p. 1022; No. 94-6222. GREEN V. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS, ante, p. 1004; No. 94-6276. VALDEZ V. JOY TECHNOLOGIES ET AL., ante, p. 1023;

ORDERS

513 U. S.

January 23, 24, 26, 30, 1995

No. 94-6486. KELLY V. WITHROW, WARDEN, ET AL., ante, p. 1061;
No. 94-6536. JONES v. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1028; No. 94-6627. IN RE WILSON, ante, p. 1013; No. 94-6630. BROUGHTON V. SMITH ET AL., ante, p. 1048; No. 94-6655. SLAGEL V. SHELL OIL REFINERY ET AL., ante, p. 1031; and No. 94-6663. HARRIS v. LILLARD ET AL., ante, p. 1063. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 94-5977., AZUBUKO V. COMMISSIONER OF PARKING, CITY
OF BOSTON, ET AL., ante, p. 983. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.

CertiorariDenied JANUARY 24, 1995
No. 94-7770 (A-547). EDMONDS V.JABE, WARDEN. C. A. 4th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to THE CHIEF JUSTICE, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1123.
JANUARY 26, 1995 Miscellaneous Order
No. 94-6615. THOMPSON v. KEOHANE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1126.] Motion for appointment of counsel granted, and it is ordered that Julie R. O'Sullivan, Esq., of Washington, D. C., be appointed to serve as counsel for petitioner in this case.
CertiorariDenied JANUARY 30, 1995
No. 94-7851 (A-556). WILLIAMS v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS
DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the
Court, denied. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE STEVENS and JUS-
TICE GINSBURG would grant the application for stay of execution. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 159.
No. 94-7857 (A-557). RUSSELL v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, pre-

1138

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

January 30, February 2, 5, 13, 1995

513 U. S.

sented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.

FEBRUARY 2, 1995

Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-7401. KENNON v. ROBERTSON ET AL. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule below: 37 F. 3d 629.

C. A. 5th Cir. 46. Reported

CertiorariDenied FEBRUARY 5, 1995
No. 94-7948 (A-574). MOTLEY V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.

FEBRUARY 13, 1995

Miscellaneous Order
No. A-555. O'CONNELL, GUARDIAN AD LITEM FOR BABY BOY RICHARD V. KIRCHNER; and
No. A-558. DOE ET AL. v. KIRCHNER. Applications for stay, addressed to JUSTICE O'CONNOR and referred to the Court, denied.

JUSTICE O'CONNOR, With whom JUSTICE BREYER joins, dissenting.
Wrenching factual circumstances such as these have arrived on our doorstep twice in as many years. See DeBoer v. DeBoer, 509 U. S. 1301 (1993). Baby Richard is nearly four years old. He has lived his entire life in the care of the Does, a couple who believed, at least initially, that he was legally their child. Otakar Kirchner, the boy's biological father, was told for the first 57 days of the boy's life that his son was dead. When Kirchner learned that Baby Richard had instead been put up for adoption by his biological mother, Kirchner immediately asserted his rights and sought the boy's return. Last year, after finding Kirchner a fit parent and determining that he had adequately pursued his interest in the child, the Illinois Supreme Court invalidated the adoption, see In re Petition of Doe, 159 Ill. 2d 347, 638 N. E. 2d 181 (1994). We denied the petition for certiorari seeking review of

ORDERS

1138

O'CONNOR, J., dissenting

that judgment, see ante, p. 994. To date, Otskar Kirchner hag
never met his son. One week ago, four hours after concluding oral argument on
Kirchner's habeas petition, the Illinois Supreme Court issued a one-line order directing the Does "to surrender forthwith custody of the child known as Baby Boy Richard" to Otakar Kirchner. In so doing, the court evidently did not apply a recent amendment to the state adoption laws, 750 Ill. Comp. Stat. §50/20b (1994), which provides,
"In the event that an order for adoption is vacated, the court shall promptly conduct a hearing as to the temporary and permanent custody of the minor child who is the subject of the proceeding pursuant to Part VI of the Illinois Marriage and Dissolution of Marriage Act. The parties to the proceeding shall be the petitioners to the adoption proceeding, the minor child, the biological parents whose rights have been terminated, and other parties who have been granted leave to intervene in the proceeding. The provisions of this Section shall apply to all cases pending on and after the effective date of this amendatory Act of 1994."

The amendment employs' mandatory language. Cf. Hewitt v. Helms, 459 U. S. 460, 472 (1983). It also appears on its face to
apply to the instant case. At this juncture, we can only speculate about the Illinois Su-
preme Court's rationale for avoiding application of a state law that appears to mandate a "best interests" hearing. The court may have rested its decision on state law grounds, either finding the provision altogether inapplicable in this habeas proceeding or determining that it violated the State Constitution. On the other hand, the court may have rested its decision on a conclusion that 750 Ill. Comp. Stat. §50/20b runs afoul of the Federal Constitution. Cf. 159 Ill. 2d, at 363, 638 N. E. 2d, at 188 (Heiple, J., writing in support of denial of rehearing) (citing Stanley v. Ilinois, 405 U. S. 645 (1972), a case based on the Federal Constitution, to support the proposition that the "best interests" standard should not be the determining factor in custody cases); id., at 190 (suggesting that the enactment of a provision designed to affect pending cases violates state principles of separation of powers).
That we are left guessing about the basis for the Illinois Supreme Court's decision, particularly when opinions are forthcom-

1140

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 13, 14, 15, 16, 1995

513 U.S.

ing, gives me considerable pause. A decision that the Federal Constitution invalidates the Illinois statute may raise a conflict with decisions of other courts. See, e. g., In re Baby Boy C., 630 A. 2d 670 (D. C. 1993), cert. denied sub nom. H. R. v. E. 0., ante,
p. 809. Because we are presently ill equipped to evaluate the
issues in this difficult case, I would grant a stay extending until 10 days after issuance of the Illinois Supreme Court's opinion or 45 days from today, whichever comes first. As in Sklaroff v. Skeadas, 76 S. Ct. 736, 738, 100 L. Ed. 1524, 1525 (1956) (Frankfurter, J., in chambers), I believe that in this case, "[d]isrupting the statu[8] quo forthwith . . . has consequences whose disadvantages, from the point of view of the child's interests, outweigh any loss to the [biological father] that may result from a short delay in acquiring custody of the child." I respectfully dissent.
FEBRUARY 14, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46
No. 94-1119. 20TH CENTURY INSURANCE CO. ET AL. V. QUACK-
ENBUSH, CALIFORNIA INSURANCE COMMISSIONER, ET AL. Sup.
Ct. Cal. Certiorari dismissed as to 20th Century Insurance Co. and 21st Century Casualty Co. under this Court's Rule 46. Reported below: 8 Cal. 4th 216, 878 P. 2d 566.

FEBRUARY 15, 1995
Dismissal Under Rule 46 No. 94-891. DLG FINANCIAL CORP. ET AL. V. BOARD OF GOV-
ERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari dismissed under this Court's Rule 46. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 993.
Rehearing Denied FEBRUARY 16, 1995
No. 94-7100 (A-602). HAWKINS v. TEXAS, ante, p. 1118. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Petition for rehearing denied.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 17, 20, 21, 1995

FEBRUARY 17, 1995
Miscellaneous Order
No. A-597. BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE GALVESTON WHARVES V. PIRES ET AL. Sup. Ct. N. Y., County of New York. Application for injunction, presented to JUSTICE GINSBURG, and by her referred to the Court, denied.

FEBRUARY 20, 1995
Miscellaneous Order
No. A-617. HAWKINS v. TEXAS. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied.

FEBRUARY 21, 1995
CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 93-1728. O'DRISCOLL v. HERCULES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of McKennon v. Nashville Banner Publishing Co., ante, p. 352. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 176.
No. 94-71097. HARRIS v. HIRSH. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. v. Norris, 512 U. S. 246 (1994). Reported below: 83 N. Y. 2d 734, 636 N. E. 2d 1375.
No. 94-6155. WHITMORE v. AVERY, SUPERINTENDENT, COMMUNITY CORRECTIONS CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Schlup v. Delo, ante, p. 298. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1426.
No. 94-7373. NAVE v. DELO, SUPERINTENDENT, POTOSI CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of Schlup v. Delo, ante, p. 298. Reported below: 22 F. 3d 802.

1142

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1999

912 U. 9.

Miscellaneous Orders

No. - -

CORDERO V. UNITED STATES; and

No. - -

DUQUE V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA

DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Motions to direct the Clerk to

file petitions for writs of certiorari out of time denied.

No. A-502. MANCE v. ARIZONA ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Application for stay of mandate, addressed to THE CHIEF JUSTICE and referred to the Court, denied.

No. A-534 (94-1244). BEHRENS V. PELLETIER. C. A. 9th Cir. Application for stay of District Court proceedings, presented to JUSTICE O'CONNOR, and by her referred to the Court, granted, and it is ordered that proceedings in this case in the United States District Court for the Central District of California are stayed pending this Court's action on the petition for writ of certiorari. If the petition for writ of certiorari is denied, this order terminates automatically. In the event the petition for writ of certiorari is granted, this order is to remain in effect pending the sending down of the judgment of this Court.

No. D-1455. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WONG. Allan Yon Kwong Wong, of Somerville, Mass., having requested to resign as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court. The rule to show cause, heretofore issued on September 14, 1994 [512 U. S. 1282], is hereby discharged.

No. D-1478. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CHASTAIN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1038.]

No. D-1480. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MACK. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1039.]

No. D-1481. IN RE DISBARMENT OF LIEBER. Paul Gerald Lieber, of New York, N. Y., having requested to resign as a mem-
ber of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be
stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court. The rule to show cause, heretofore issued on December 5, 1994 [ante, p. 1039], is hereby discharged.

No. D-1499. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BENSON. It is ordered that Seth Benson, of New York, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable

ORDERS

513 U.S.

February 21, 1995

within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1500. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SACKS. It is ordered that Bernard- Sacks, of Philadelphia, Pa., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1501. IN RE DISBARMENT OF TINARI. It is ordered that Nino V. Tinari, of Philadelphia, Pa., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law'in this Court.
No. D-1502. IN RE DISBARMENT OF STEUTERMANN. It is ordered that Edward M. Steutermann, of Prospect, Ky., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1503. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SYDNOR. It is ordered that Richard W. W. Sydnor, Jr., of Huntington, W. Va., be suspended from the practice of law in this, Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1504. IN RE DISBARMENT OF HANSON. It is ordered that Lyle Marion Hanson, of Kansas City, Mo., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1506. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WESTLER. It is ordered that Murray Westler, of Chicago, Ill., be suspended from the practice of law in-this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1507. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BAIN. It is ordered that David Lee Bain, of San Diego, Cal., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

1144

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. D-1508. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SAMARCO. It is ordered that James Phillip Samarco, of Fresno, Cal., be suspended from
the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1509. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MASON. It is ordered
that Cecil Vernon Mason, of New York, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. 105, Orig. KANSAS V. COLORADO. Motion of Kansas for divided argument granted, and the time is allotted as follows: Kansas, 30 minutes; Colorado, 20 minutes; and the United States, 10 minutes. Motion of Colorado for divided argument denied. Motion of the Solicitor General for divided argument denied. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., ante, p. 1124.]
No. 108, Orig. NEBRASKA V. WYOMING ET AL. Motion of Wyoming for leave to file a reply brief granted. Motion of the Solicitor General for divided argument granted. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., ante, p. 1124.]

No. 111, Orig. TEXAS ET AL. V. NEW YORK. Motion of plaintiff-intervenor States of Alabama et al. for leave to dismiss
their respective amended complaints without prejudice denied. Bill of complaint dismissed. [For earlier order herein, see, e. g., ante, p. 804.]

No. 93-2068. KIMBERLIN V. QUINLAN ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1123.] Motion of the parties to dispense with printing the joint appendix granted.
No. 94-440. SETOLA ET AL. V. BOB SCHMIDT CHEVROLET, INC., ET AL., ante, p. 1016. Motion of respondents for award of damages and costs denied.
No. 94-455. JOHNSON ET AL. V.JONES. C. A. 7th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1071.] Motion of petitioners to dispense with printing the joint appendix granted.

No. 94-771. OKLAHOMA TAX COMMISSION V. CHICKASAW NATION. C. A. 10th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1071.] Mo-

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

tion of petitioner to dispense with printing the joint appendix granted.
No. 94-590. VERNONIA SCHOOL DISTRICT 47J v. ACTON ET UX., GUARDIANS AD LITEM FOR ACTON. C. A. 9th Cir. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1013.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-5707. WILSON v. ARKANSAS. Sup. Ct. Ark. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1014.] Motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in oral argument as amicus curiae and for divided argument granted.
No. 94-749. HURLEY ET AL. V. IRISH-AMERICAN GAY, LESBIAN & BISEXUAL GROUP OF BOSTON ET AL. Sup. Jud. Ct. Mass. [Certiorari granted, ante, p. 1071.] Respondents' suggestion of mootness rejected.
No. 94-6620. GAYDOS v. NATIONAL UNION FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF PITTSBURGH ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of petitioner for reconsideration of order denying leave to proceed in forma pauperis [ante, p. 1075] denied.
No. 94-7354. FERTEL-RUST v. DANE COUNTY SOCIAL SERVICES ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. See this Court's Rule 39.8. Petitioner is allowed until March 14, 1995, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit a petition in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.
No. 94-7377. LONGNECKER V. KELLEY. Sup. Ct. Pa. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed informa pauperisdenied. Petitioner is allowed until March 14, 1995, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit a petition in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.
No. 94-7526. IN RE WALKER; and No. 94-7568. IN RE FLAKES. Petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 94-728. IN RE SMITH; No. 94-1100. IN RE ROGERS; No. 94-7125. IN RE GREEN; No. 94-7201. IN RE NASH;

.1146

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-7581. IN RE GAY; and No. 94-7652. IN RE TABAS. Petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 94-1257. IN RE CONSTANT. Petition for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition denied.
No. 94-7086. IN RE GIBSON. Petition for writ of prohibition denied.
CertiorariGranted
No. 94-1039. ROMER, GOVERNOR OF COLORADO, ET AL. V. EVANS ET AL. Sup. Ct. Colo. Motions of Family Defense Council and Colorado for Family Values for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 882 P. 2d 1335.
CertiorariDenied
No. 93-9690. FAIRCHILD v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 799.
No. 94-2. MITSUBISHI INTERNATIONAL CORP. V. CARDINAL TEXTILE SALES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 14 F. 3d 1507.
No. 94-625. D & G MARINE MAINTENANCE ET AL. v. ,KOLLIAS ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 67.
No. 94-636. ALVAREZ ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1173.
No. 94-637. CRUZ V. PERRY, SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 570.
No. 94-671. LOPEZ-AMARO v. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 986.
No. 94-691. GREGORY V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 564.
No. 94-785. DEEB v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 13 F. 3d 1532.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-807. PIROGLU V. COLEMAN, FIRE CHIEF, DISTRICT OF
COLUMBIA, ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1098.

No. 94-829. LANGGUTH v. MCCUEN, SECRETARY OF THE
STATE OF ARKANSAS. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 138.

No. 94-841. ARKANSAS WILDLIFE FEDERATION V. ICI AMERICAS, INC. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 376.

No. 94-842. MAGILL V. EVANS, GEORGE & BRONSTEIN. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 52.

No. 94-879. LEGGE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 621.

No. 94-885. BROWN ET AL. v. RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below:
30 F. 3d 128.

No. 94-888. NATIONSBANK OF TEXAS, N. A. v. EXECUTIVE

LIFE INSURANCE CO. ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Cer-

tiorari denied. Reported below: 24 Cal. App. 4th 1156, 29 Cal.

Rptr. 2d 734.

,

No. 94-903. ATKINS V. COLTEC INDUSTRIES, INC., FKA COLT INDUSTRIES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1379.

No. 94-904. HEILWEIL V. MOUNT SINAI HOSPITAL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 718.

No. 94-905. NAKATA ET AL. v. HAWAII ET AL. Sup. Ct. Haw. Certiorari denied. -Reported below: 76 Haw. 360, 878 P. 2d 699.

No. 94-908. J. R. SIMPLOT Co. V. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33
F. 3d 58.

No. 94-917. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT
OF COLORED PEOPLE, INC., ET AL. V. CITY OF COLUMBIA ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 52.

No. 94-919. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, ET AL. v. HEALTH INSURANCE ASSOCIATION OF

1148

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

AMERICA ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 412.
No. 94-926. UNITED FOOD & COMMERCIAL WORKERS LOCAL 951, AFL-CIO & CLC v. MULDER ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 365.
No. 94-938. KREINES V. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1105.
No. 94-943. RODRIGUEZ ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 577.
No. 94-949. GREENBLATT V. SMITH BARNEY SHEARSON, INC. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1102.
No. 94-953. SIMPSON V. OFFICE OF THRIFT SUPERVISION. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1418.
No. 94-956. MUNICIPAL UTILITIES BOARD OF ALBERTVILLE, ALABAMA, ET AL. v. ALABAMA POWER CO. ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 384.
No. 94-959. PUERTO RICO AQUEDUCT AND SEWER AUTHORITY v. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 600.
No. 94-980. CITY OF Los ANGELES V. CHEW. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1432.
No. 94-984. HOPKINS ET AL. v. ANDAYA ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 632.
No. 94-992. DoU-HAN, INC. v. CITY OF ST. PETERSBURG ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 872.
No. 94-995. WORCESTER COUNTY, MARYLAND, ET AL. v. CANE ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 921.
No. 94-1000. VIRGINIA GASOLINE MARKETERS & AUTOMOTIVE REPAIR ASSN., INC. V. MOBIL OIL CORP. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 220.
No. 94-1013. OJAVAN INVESTORS, INC., ET AL. v. CALIFORNIA COASTAL COMMISSION. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari

ORDERS

1149

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

denied. Reported below: 26 Cal. App. 4th 516, 32 Cal. Rptr. 2d 103.
No. 94-1015. GELLERT V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1019. HERNANDEZ TORRES ET AL. V. NEGRON GAZTAM-
BIDE. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 25.
No. 94-1020. MCLAUGHLIN V.STATE FARM MUTUAL AUTOMOBILE INSURANCE- CO. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Re-
ported below: 30 F. 3d 861.
No. 94-1022. MCDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. v. BEASLEY ET AL. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 640 So. 2d 1326.
No. 94-1023. WOODCOCK v. JOURNAL PUBLISHING CO., INC.,
ET AL. Sup. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 230 Conn. 525, 646 A. 2d 92.
No. 94-1025. UNANUE-CASAL, AKA UNANUE V. GOYA FOODS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 561.
No. 94-1027. ANDERSON ET AL. V. DOUGLAS & LOMASON CO., INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1277.
No. 94-1034. LUCAS v. HAHN ET AL. Sup. Ct. Vt. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 162 Vt. 456, 648 A. 2d 839.
No. 94-1035. PATERSON MUNICIPAL UTILITIES AUTHORITY V.
HACKENSACK WATER CO. ET AL. Super. Ct. N. J., App. Div. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1036. JACKSON V. SUPREME COURT OF PENNSYLVANIA ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1486.
No. 94-1037. HABERERN V. KAUPP VASCULAR SURGEONS LTD. DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION PLAN ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1491.

1150

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-1038. FLEMING v. UNITED STATES ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1040. CITY OF DEARBORN v. LOSCHIAVO ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 548.
No. 94-1042. WRIGHT V. TACKETT ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 155.
No. 94-1043. KAHAN V. SEROR. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below; 26 F. 3d 79.
No. 94-1044. BERRY ET AL. V. COUNTY OF SONOMA ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-1046. EAST V. WEST ONE BANK, IDAHO. Ct. App. Idaho. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1047. MORGENSTERN V. WILSON ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1291.
No. 94-1049. HOUDEK ET AL. V. MOBIL OIL CORP. Ct. App. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 879 P. 2d 417.
No. 94-1050. HICKEY V. ATTORNEY GENERAL OF ILLINOIS, AS INTERVENOR ON BEHALF OF THE ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC AID. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 263 Ill. App. 3d 658, 635 N. E. 2d 853.
No. 94-1051. PAPETTI'S HYGRADE EGG PRODUCTS, INC. V. MICHAEL FOODS, INC., ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1177.
No. 94-1052. GERIJO, INC. V. CITY OF FAIRFIELD. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 70 Ohio St. 3d 223, 638 N. E. 2d 533.
No. 94-1054. TRANSAERO, INC. v. LA FUERZA AEREA BOLIVIANA. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 148.
No. 94-1058. CARTER v. BURCH. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 257.
No. 94-1061. JENSEN V. BROKAW, CHIEF FINANCING DIVISION AGENT, SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1100.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-1062. McCuLLoUGH v. BRANCH BANKING & TRUST Co., INC. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 127.

No. 94-1063. KLUMP v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1117.

No. 94-1064. MA v. TRW, INC. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 Cal. App. 4th 1834, 31
Cal. Rptr. 2d 460.

No. 94-1066. FERRELLGAS, INC., ET AL. V. CLAY ET AL. Sup. Ct. N. M. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 118 N. M. 266, 881 P. 2d 11.

No. 94-1072. tiorari denied. 503.

KLAUSER ET AL. V.BURKES. Sup. Ct. Wis. CerReported below: 185 Wis. 2d 309, 517 N. W. 2d

No. 94-1073. TRANSCO PRODUCTS, INC. v. PERFORMANCE CONTRACTING, INC., ET AL. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 551.

No. 94-1080. 'KIRSCHNER, DIRECTOR, ARIZONA HEALTH CARE COST CONTAINMENT SYSTEM, ET AL. V. SALGADO ET AL. Sup.
Ct. Ariz. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 179 Ariz. 301, 878 P. 2d 659.
No. 94-1081. WILKES V. YOUNG ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1362.

No. 94-1082. GOLDEN v. EL CAMINO RESOURCES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 561.

No. 94-1084. TOLIVER V. SULLIVAN DIAGNOSTIC TREATMENT CENTER. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 22
F. 3d 1092.

No. 94-1085. LESNICK, INDIVIDUALLY AND AS PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ESTATE OF LESNICK v. HOLLINGSWORTH & VOSE Co. ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 35 F. 3d 939.
No. 94-1086. BRITT v. SMITH ET AL. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.

1152

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-1087. Ross, AKA ZAKIYA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1067.
No. 94-1088. FORRESTER ET AL. V. CITY OF SAN DIEGO ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 804.
No. 94-1089. CITY OF HAMILTON, OHIO, ET AL. V. AMALGAMATED TRANSIT UNION, LOCAL No. 738. Sup. Ct. Ohio, Certiorari denied. Reported below: 70 Ohio St. 3d 210, 638 N. E. 2d 522.
No. 94-1092. SHONG-CHING TONG ET AL. V. STANTON. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1094. REICH, SECRETARY OF LABOR V. CONTINENTAL CASUALTY CO. ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 754.
No. 94-1098. SCHOLESSER v. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 453.
No. 94-1103. BOLTON V.SCRIVNER, INC. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 939.
No. 94-1106. KEARNS v. GENERAL MOTORS CORP. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1178.
No. 94-1107. SALEM BLUE COLLAR WORKERS ASSN. ET AL. V. CITY OF SALEM ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 265.
No. 94-1110. QUILLIAN V.EVATT, COMMISSIONER, SOUTH CAROLINA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. Ct. App. S. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 315 S. C. 489, 445 S. E. 2d 639.
No. 94-1111. MANGES ET -AL. V. SEATTLE-FIRST NATIONAL BANK ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1034.
No. 94-1113. HODGES v. HUNTSMAN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 562.
No. 94-1116. U. S. A. DIRECT, INC., ET AL. v. NORTH AMERICAN COMMUNICATIONS, INC. Ct. Common Pleas of Pa., York County. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-1117. LOPEZ V.UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 M. J. 354.
No. 94-1118. KNox v. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 M. J. 28.
No. 94-1119. STATE FARM MUTUAL AUTOMOBILE INSURANCE
Co. ET AL. V. QUACKENBUSH, CALIFORNIA INSURANCE COMMIS-
SIONER, ET AL.; and No. 94-1120. CENTURY-NATIONAL INSURANCE CO. ET AL. V.
QUACKENBUSH, CALIFORNIA INSURANCE COMMISSIONER, ET AL.
Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 Cal. 4th 216, 878 P. 2d 566.
No. 94-1123. BELL ET AL V. PENNSYLVANIA. Sup. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 537 Pa. 558, 645 A. 2d 211.
No. 94-1125. MCGEE v. HOLMES COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 631.
No. 94-1126. ONE TIMES SQUARE ASSOCIATES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP V. BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1502.
No. 94-1129. BRAU V.UNITED STATES.. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 560.
No. 94-1130. TEAGUE ET AL. V. BAKKER ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 978.
No. 94-1132. CIAFFONI v. COWDEN. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1133. DUpUIS v. DON SNELL BUICK, INC. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 632.
No. 94-1135. SOCHIA ET UX. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 23 F. 3d 941.
No. 94-1136. TONN v. FORSBERG ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported beloW: 27 F. 3d 1356.
No. 94-1138. TAYLOR v. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 M. J. 168.
No. 94-1141. BP PERFORMANCE POLYMERS, INC. V. ETHYL CORP. ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 23.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-1142. GALANIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 49.
No. 94-1144. FOOTE v. HATHAWAY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 63.
No. 94-1145. MILTON V. HULLAR ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 633.
No. 94-1149. SHELLEY V. TEXAS. Ct. App. Tex., 14th Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1150. KEENER V.EXXON CO., USA, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 127.
No. 94-1152. SINGH V. CALIFORNIA WORKERS' COMPENSATION APPEALS BOARD ET AL. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1153. LUCILLE V. CITY OF CHICAGO. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 546.
No. 94-1155. HIATT V. INDIANA STATE STUDENT ASSISTANCE COMMISSION. C. A.- 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 21.
No. 94-1156. WARD V. CITIBANK, N. A., ET AL. App. Div., Sup. Ct. N. Y, 1st Jud. Dept. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 200 App. Div. 2d 405, 608 N. Y. S. 2d 800.
No. 94-1157. CRAWFORD ET AL. V. PEE DEE FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK. Ct. App. S. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1158. BROOKS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 141.
No. 94-1159. CURTIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 301.
No. 94-1160. ROBERTSON v. BELL HELICOPTER TEXTRON, INC. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 948.
No. 94-1162. MARSHALL v. COUNTY OF SAN BERNARDINO ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 59.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-1163. DIAZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1533.
No. 94-1165. BURZYNSKI V. TRUSTEES OF THE NORTHWEST'
LAUNDRY AND DRY CLEANERS HEALTH & WELFARE TRUST.
C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 153.
No. 94-1168. VANCE v. SOUTHERN BELL TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH CO. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 983 F. 2d 1573.

No. 94-1169. LUNDE V. HELMS ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 367.

No. 94-1171. RESHARD V. PENA, SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION (two cases). C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-1174. GRIFFITH v. COLLIER COUNTY, FLORIDA, ET AL.; and
No. 94-1177. BISHOP ET AL. V. COLLIER COUNTY, FLORIDA, ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 635 So. 2d 145.

No. 94-1176. PORTER COUNTY PLAN COMMISSION ET AL. V. MARSHALL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1215.
No. 94-1179. BOWLES v. ASKEW, DIRECTOR OF ADMISSIONS, OFFICE OF BAR ADMISSIONS, ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 264 Ga. 520, 448 S. E. 2d 191.
No. 94-1186. BLUE STREAK, INC., ET AL. V. GULF ISLAND IV, INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 743.

No. 94-1195. HALL ET AL. v. CREATIVE GAMES TECHNOLOGY, INC., ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-1196. WRIGHT V. BOULDER VALLEY SCHOOL DISTRICT RE-2. Sup. Ct. Colo. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 885 P. 2d 215.
No. 94-1205. COUNTY OF SAN DIEGO ET AL. V. SCHNEIDER. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 89.

1156

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-1211. SKEENS V. MISSOURI. Ct. Sp. App. Md. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 100 Md. App. 807.
No. 94-1215. TRUNG VAN TRAN V. OREGON DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE. Sup. Ct. Ore. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 320 Ore. 170, 880 P. 2d 924.
No. 94-1218. STOMBAUGH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed
Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 208.
No. 94-1224. RODRIGUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1539.
No. 94-1225. FITZGERALD, STATUTORY TRUSTEE LIQUIDATOR OF PHOENIX SYSTEMS INTERNATIONAL, INC. v. BAYHAM ET AL. Ct. App. Ariz. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1231. CATERINA V. BLAKELY BOROUGH ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1486.
No. 94-1241. EL HANI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1280.
No. 94-1259. LIEGAKOS v. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1260. WEBB V. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1096.
No. 94-5455. MADDEN v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 18 F. 3d 304.
No. 94-5880. ALBANESE V. PETERS, DIRECTOR, ILLINOIS DE-
PARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari
denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 21.
No. 94-5917. DUHAMEL V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1109.
No. 94-6020. NOBLES v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6273. CLARK V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 881 S. W. 2d 682.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-6274. GARCIA BRISENO v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6294. WEEDEN v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1223.

No. 94-6328. CHILDRESS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 498.

No. 94-6361. PRAJEDES ARELLANO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6382. WELLONS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 117.
No. 94-6386. SOLOMON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 961.

No. 94-6481. BUTLER v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 872 S. W. 2d 227.

No. 94-6492. HARVEY V. MYERS, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 106.
No. 94-6510. MARTINEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 127.
No. 94-6610. BAILEY V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 159 Ill. 2d 498, 639 A. 2d 1278.

No. 94-6643. HATHAWAY ET AL. V. MINNESOTA ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 976.

No. 94-6694. CRANE V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-6701. IBARRA v. NEW MEXICO. Ct. App. N. M. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 116 N. M. 486, 864 P. 2d 302.

No. 94-6716. REED V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 523.

No. 94-6724. DEAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 571.

No. 94-6726. CESAR A. v. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

1158

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-6728. GELIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1041.
No. 94-6732. BELIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 557.
No. 94-6739. WISSINGER V. PENNSYLVANIA. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 434 Pa. Super. 726, 643 A. 2d 710.
No. 94-6745. UDALA V. OFFICE OF ADMINISTRATIVE HEARING OFFICER. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6762. DENINNO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-6776. TURNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 981.
No. 94-6789. HANNON V. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 638 So. 2d 39.
No. 94-6828. PARKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1068.
No. 94-6833. PACE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1382.
No. 94-6839. SWEETON ET AL. V. MCGINNIS ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1162.
No. 94-6853. CAMPS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 102.
No. 94-6866. JUDD V. HANSEN, JUDGE, UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-6876. PIPER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. let Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 611.
No. 94-6931. SANCHEZ V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7028. CHAVIANO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1330.
No. 94-6939. THURMAN V. BORG, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 59.

ORDERS

1159

513 U.S.

February 21, 1995

-No. 94-6947. HUNT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 427.
No. 94-6958. HOWARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 996 F. 2d 1232.

No. 94-6968. RONCALE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 639.

No. 94-6983. SPRIGGS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 132.

No. 94-7029. GARCIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 670.

No. 94-7030. FENNIE v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. denied. Reported below: 648 So. 2d 95.
No. 94-7031. GREEN V. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla.
denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 391.

Certiorari Certiorari

No. 94-7039. BACON v. NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C.
Certiorari denied, Reported below: 337 N. C. 66, 446 S. E. 2d
542.

No. 94-7062. KLEINSCHMIDT V. WENBY. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 So. 2d 746.
No. 94-7070. GARCIA PIADARES V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7074. WILEY v. BORG, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 252.

No. 94-7078. MAINS v. LIRA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App. Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7079. BROOKS v. O'LEARY, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 56.

No. 94-7087. BLEICKEN V. COOS COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT.' C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7088. BERNIARD v. LOUISIANA. Ct. App. La., 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 625 So. 2d 217.
No. 94-7089. McNAIR v. ALABAMA. Sup. Ct. Ala. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 653 So. 2d .353.

1160

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-7090. COOPER v. SCHRIRO, DIRECTOR, MISSOURI DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 674.
No. 94-7094. SASsI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 56.
No. 94-7096. CARDONA v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 361.

No. 94-7102. GOMEZ V. AHITOW, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 1128.
No. 94-7104. MACKLIN V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 1307.
No. 94-7107. SCAIFE v. HANNIGAN, WARDEN. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1510.
No. 94-7108. WILSON V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7110. ALSTON v. REDMAN, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1237.
No. 94-7112. BuR V.Ronc, WARDN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1424.
No. 94-7114. BELL V. KLINCAR. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 568.

No. 94-7115. BROWN v. CITY OF LOUISVILLE ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 54.

No. 94-7124. EUELL v. ROSEMEYER, SUPERINTENDENT, PENNSYLVANIA STATE CORRECTIONAL FACILITY AT GREENSBURG, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7130. GALLAGHER v. MCNUTT ET AL. Sup. Ct. N. H. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7131. GASPER v. STEPANIK, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE
CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT DALLAS, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-7132. GOODEN v. BRERETON ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1092.
No. 94-7134. GRIFFIN v. ROBINSON, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7135. KLOPP v. Avco LYCOMING TEXTRON ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7137. HURT v. ROE, WARDEN. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7139. HINES V. SETON HALL UNIVERSITY ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7148. LAWRENCE v. ARMONTROUT, ASSISTANT DIRECTOR, MISSOURI DIVISION OF ADULT INSTITUTIONS. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 662.
No. 94-7150. PASCHAL V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA
DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7152. WARREN V. MISSISSIPPI. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7153. CONWAY v. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 3d App. Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 Cal. App. 4th 385, 30 Cal. Rptr. 2d 533.
No. 94-7154. SMITH v. FLORIDA. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7156. FULLER v. SCHAEFER, GOVERNOR OF MARYLAND, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1091.

No. 94-7157. DEVIER v. THOMAS, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 3 F. 3d 1445.

No. 94-7159. WILLIAMS v. GODINEZ, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 252.
No. 94-7161. WESLEY V. VIRGINIA. Ct. App. Va. Certiorari denied.

1162

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7163. BECK V. WHEELER ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 24 F. 3d 244.
No. 94-7165. CARTER v. ENDELL, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7168. ENGLE v. DEVOE. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7170. WHARTON-EL V. HUNDLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 372.
No. 94-7172. SANDERS V. ARKANSAS. Sup. Ct. Ark. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 317 Ark. 328, 878 S. W, 2d 391.
No. 94-7173. PEPPERS v. TEXAS. Ct. App. Tex., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7174. SHAW V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 93.
No. 94-7175. CLIFITON v. DUNCAN, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 58.
No. 94-7176. ALPHONSO V. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7178. HARRIS v. WHITE, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7180. TOWNE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7181. SCHREYER V. TATTERSALL, INC. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7185. SMITH V.OKLAHOMA DEPARTMENT 'OF CORRECTIONS ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 142.
No. 94-7187. CLISBY V. ALABAMA. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1054.
No. 94-7188. KENDALL V. KENDALL. Ct. App. Wash. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 73 Wash. App. 1013.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-7189. SMITH V. DAHM, SUPERINTENDENT, OMAHA
CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
Reported below; 30 F. 3d 138.
No. 94-7202. LANGFORD V. MONTANA. Sup. Ct. Mont. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 267 Mont. 95, 882 P. 2d 490.
No. 94-7203. LONG V. ADMINISTRATIVE DIRECTOR OF NEW JERSEY COURTS ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7204. LIN V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7207. GODAIRE V. ULRICH ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 633.
No. 94-7208. SAUNDERS V. MAGNUSSON, WARDEN. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7211. YOCAS v. COWIN ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 619.
No. 94-7212. CUPIT V. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 532.
No. 94-7214. WILSON v. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 1st App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7216. PERAZA SALGADO V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 4th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7217. WRIGHT V. TENNESSEE. Ct. Crim. App. Tenn. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7220. BROWN v. SIEGEL, WARDEN. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1030.
No. 94-7223. SMITH v. FLORIDA. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 1319.
No. 94-7226. STEPHEN V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7230. PLANTZ V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 876 P. 2d 268.

1164

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7231. RHODES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 867.

No. 94-7236. JONES v. MARSHALL, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7227. IYMANg V. WSTERN I BANK, TAO. Sup. Ct. N. M. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7238. IWUALA V. IMMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 20 F. 3d 1171.

No. 94-7243. SCHWARZ V.UTAH STATE TAX COMMISSION. Ct. App. Utah. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7244. FONDREN v. LECUREUX, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1097.
No. 94-7246. JONES v. BAKER, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 566.
No. 94-7250. COSNER v. HAWS, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7251. SIMMS v. BRAXTON, ADMINISTRATOR, OCCOQUAN FACILITY. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7253. BEY v. NEW JERSEY. Sup. Ct. N. J. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 137 N. J. 334, 645 A. 2d 685.

No. 94-7259. CASSIDY V. MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7263. RUSSELL v. NORANDAL USA, INC., SCOTTSBORO DIVISION, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1125.
No. 94-7264. ROYSTER V.VAUGHN, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT GRATERFORD, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7265. MOORE v. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 325.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-7266. LAFLAMME V. WHITE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1400.
No. 94-7267. MOORE V. INDIANA. Ct. App. Ind. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 637 N. E. 2d 816.
No. 94-7268. PEREA V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7269. PAITSEL v. HARGETT, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7270. DAMASCUS V. CALIFORNIA BOARD OF DENTAL EXAMINERS. Ct. App. Cal., 6th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7271. CROOKS v. EVATT, COMMISSIONER, SOUTH CAROLINA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 555.
No. 94-7272. DAVIS v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1379.
No. 94-7273. NJOKU v. SCHMIDT. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 621.
No. 94-7274. LAKE v. COUNTY OF CATTARAUGUS DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OFFICE ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7275. MANN V. CONNECTICUT. Sup. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 231 Conn. 912, 648 A. 2d 158.

No. 94-7279. OLSON v. COLE, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF ALASKA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7280. HARRIS v. SCHAEFER, GOVERNOR OF MARYLAND, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 51.
No. 94-7283. Ross v. CONNECTICUT. Sup. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 230 Conn. 183, 646 A. 2d 1318.

No. 94-7285. MORTON v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.

1166

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7286. PERRYMAN V. PRADO, JUDGE, UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7287. STEWART V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7404. DAVIDSON, AKA BROWN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 50 and 34 F. 3d 44.
No. 94-7289. MARTIN V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 71 Ohio St. 3d 1411, 641 N. E. 2d 1110.
No. 94-7291. CHICHESTER V. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 248 Va. 311, 448 S. E. 2d 638.
No. 94-7292. CHIVARS V. BORG, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1071.
No. 94-7293. RAPHLAH V. TEXAS BOARD OF HIGHER EDUCATION ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 560.
No. 94-7294. PARTEE V. HOPKINS, WARDEN. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1011.
No. 94-7295. MICHENER v. ARA HEALTH SERVICES, INC., ET AL. Ct. App. Kan. Certiorari denied; Reported below: 19 Kan. App. 2d xxvi, 875 P. 2d 305.
No. 94-7296. ADAMS V. MISSOURI. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7297. KISH V. OHIo. Ct. App. Ohio, Lorain County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7301. CHEN V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 25 F. 3d 1061.
No. 94-7302. SOUTHERLAND V. SOUTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. S. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 316 S. C. 377, 447 S. E. 2d 862.
No. 94-7304. WILLCUTT v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1195.

ORDERS

1167

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-7305. FRAZIER V. OHIO. Ct. App. Ohio, Fairfield County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7311. ALOMA V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7489. ESPINOSA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 324. No. 94-7312. BROWN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 569.
No. 94-7318. INGRAM V. THOMAS, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1047.
No. 94-7320. COMBS V. OHIO. Sup. Ct. Ohio. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 69 Ohio St. 3d 1480, 634 N. E. 2d 1027.
No. 94-7323. SMITH V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1407.
No. 94-7325. GRIFFIN V. VAUGHN, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT GRATERFORD, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7326. HILL v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 11 F. 3d 166.
No. 94-7332. HOUSE v. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIvISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7333. FELTON v. LOUISIANA. Sup. Ct. La. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 So. 2d 867.
No. 94-7338. NOBLES V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. . Reported below: 37 F. 3d 630.
No. 94-7339. OLD CHIEF V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1103.
No. 94-7341. MCBRIDE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-7345. THOMAS v. HUMFIELD ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 566.
No. 94-7347. BORELAND V. VAUGHN, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.

1168

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7348. VOSS v. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND
HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1269.
No. 94-7349. BRADLEY V. SOUTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. S. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7350. BRIDGES V. PITTSBURGH ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1240.
No. 94-7352. BELL V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1094.
No. 94-7353. ARDILA-CALDERON V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7356. DOE v. GAINER ET AL. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 162 Ill. 2d 15, 642 N. E. 2d 114.
No. 94-7358. ORIAKHI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1501.
No. 94-7360. MURRAY, AKA HINES V. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ET AL. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7361. BANKS v. BROWN, SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1112.
No. 94-7362. BISHOP v. STATE BAR OF GEORGIA. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7363. CALIA V. PARKER ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7364. PEMBERTON v. E. G. LOWRY Co., INC., ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 89.
No. 94-7365. ROBINSON V. VIRGINIA. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7366. CHAU HAI Do v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1507.
No. 94-7367. BROWN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 131.

ORDERS

1169

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-7368. CONTRERAS v. LUNGREN, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF CALIFORNIA. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7370. IRVING V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 643 A. 2d 365.
No. 94-7371. BURCH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7372. BALL V. SCOTT ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1509.
No. 94-7374. STEPHEN V. CAUGHEY ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7375. MONGA v. SOMMER. App. Ct. Mass. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 Mass. App. 761, 626 N. E. 2d 16.
No. 94-7376. LARSON V. IOWA. Sup. Ct. Iowa. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7378. ORNELAS-RODRIGUEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7380. PORTER v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1104.
No. 94-7381. LAcIo v. GOMEZ, DIRECTOR, CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7382. RUSSELL v. GUNN, WARDEN. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7383. STONER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 60.
No. 94-7384. WATKINS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 480.
No. 94-7385. WELCH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below; 36 F. 3d 1098.
No. 94-7386. ZUCKERMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1174.
No. 94-7387. HALLUMS v. HAMBRICK, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 566.

1170

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7389. HICKMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 630.

No. 94-7390. SEARLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 636.

No. 94-7391. SORIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th' Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 630.

No. 94-7392. TASBY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 629.

No. 94-7393. SELIGSOHN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1173.

No. 94-7395. FOSTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1497.

No. 94-7396. BRITO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1189.

No. 94-7397. MCVEY-MEHTA v. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1117.

No. 94-7398. VANCE v. BANKS. Ct. App. Ohio, Cuyahoga County. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 94 Ohio App. 3d 475, 640 N. E. 2d 1214.

No. 94-7399. WALKER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1179.

No. 94-7400. BASHEER V. STEPANIK, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE
CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT DALLAS. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1460.

No. 94-7402. GONZALEZ V. OCEAN COUNTY BOARD OF SOCIAL SERVICES ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1486.

No. 94-7405. BLANCHFIELD V. DELAWARE. Sup. Ct. Del. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 651 A. 2d 787.
1No. 94-7407. FERMIN ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 674.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-7409. RIVERA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1501.
No. 94-7410. CAREY v. NAGLE, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. l1th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-7411. CANTU v. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7414. UNGER v. TEXAS. Ct. App. Tex., 11th Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7415. CROWDER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 691.
No. 94-7416. WHITE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1106.
No. 94-7417. SAMUELS v. AIR TRANSPORT LOCAL 504 ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1501.
No. 94-7418. PIGOTT V.UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 569.
No. 94-7420. HARRIS v. HARGETT, SUPERINTENDENT, MISSISSIPPI STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7421. CUEVAS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1089.
No. 94-7422. LORANG v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 560.
No. 94-7423. HERNANDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1403.
No. 94-7424. CONNELLY V.GROSSMAN ET AL. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 323.
No. 94-7426. SAPP V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 574.
No. 94-7428. WILLIAMS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1424.
No. 94-7429. STEINMARK V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7601. TRAINOR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari' denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 565.

1172

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-7430. SANDERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 632.

No. 94-7431. RODGERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 637.

No. 94-7432. PESHOMME V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 572.

No. 94-7433. PEDDLE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1172.

No. 94-7435. WINTERS ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 720.

No. 94-7437. SCOTT v. HYUNDAI MANUFACTURE OF FOUNTAIN VALLEY ET AL. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 645 So. 2d 454.

No. 94-7438. SIMPSON v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 355.

No. 94-7439. tiorari denied.
1145.

TIERNEY v. WASHINGTON. Ct. App. Wash. CerReported below: 74 Wash. App. 346, 872 P. 2d

No. 94-7440. THOMAS v. METROPOLITAN DADE COUNTY ET AL. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 3d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 878.

No. 94-7441. CARTER V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 879 P. 2d 1234.

No. 94-7442. CRAGO V.OHIO. Ct. App. Ohio, Franklin County. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 93 Ohio App. 3d 621, 639 N. E. 2d 801.

No. 94-7443. CORRALES-QUINCENO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 637.
No. 94-7444. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1383.
No. 94-7446. BANH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

.No. 94-7447. CHAPA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7450. MARTINEZ v. NEW MEXICO ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1105.
No. 94-7451. STEPHENS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below- 25 F. Rd 451.
No. 94-7452. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 947453. ROUSE V. UNITED STATES;
No. 94-7496. BRYANT ET AL. V. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7521. WARD V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1094.
No. 94-7454. FITCH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 127.
No. 94-7456. MARTIN V. MICHIGAN. Ct. App. Mich. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7457. MCDANIEL v. CODY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1509.
No. 94-7458. GOWEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1466.
No. 94-7459. FELION V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1501.
No. 94-7461. LOCKE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1507.
No. 94-7462. ARCE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 561.
No. 94-7463. HARRIS V. RICHARDSON, COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1186.
No. 94-7465. KRAMER V. UNIVERSITY OF PITTSBURGH ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1487.
No. 94-7466. CLIFTON V. SUBURBAN CABLE TELEVISION CO., INC., ET AL. Super. Ct. Pa. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 434 Pa. Super. 139, 642 A. 2d 512.

1174

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-7467. BREWER V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TExAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7468. COURTNEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1119.
No. 94-7469. DILLEY V. GUNN ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7472. YAMAMOTO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 687.
No. 94-7473. WILUAMS v. KINCHELOE, SUPERINTENDENT, SPRING CREEK CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1508.
No. 94-7474. THEODOROPOULOS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1173.
No. 94-7475. STEWARD v. GWALTNEY OF SMITHFIELD, LTD. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1094.
No. 94-7476. WHITE V. WILKINSON ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7477. BUCKLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1106.
No. 94-7478. BUSSELL V. KENTUCKY. Sup. Ct. Ky. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 882 S. W. 2d 111.
No. 94-7479. SEVER v. NEW JERSEY. Sup. Ct. N. J. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7481. GOSSAGE V. OLDENKAMP ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1187.
No. 94-7482. EWING V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-7483. HOGAN v. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 877 P. 2d 1157.
No. 94-7484. RICKMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 511.

ORDERS

1175

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-7486. MORRITZ V. GOVERNMENT OF ISRAEL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7487. KRUPP v. NEUBERT, ADMINISTRATOR, BAYSIDE STATE PRISON, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7488. JOHANSON v. WHITLEY, WARDEN. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 89.
No. 94-7490. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1352.
No. 94-7491. RANDALL V. GOLDEN, ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL OF FLORIDA, ET AL. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7493. MEYERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 566.
No. 94-7495. LILLY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1222.
No. 94-7497. AUSTIN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1514.
No. 94-7498. ARIAS-SANTOS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1070.
No. 94-7499. ARTERBERRY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1193.
No. 94-7500. SHARP V. VIRGINIA STATE BAR. Sup. Ct. Va. Certiorari denied.
'No. 94-7501. HILARIOS-MARTINEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 562.
No. 94-7502. CESTNIK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 904.
No. 94-7503. CALDERON-RAMIREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. llth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 636.
No. 94-7504. CABRAL-CASTILLO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 182.
No. 94-7506. AREVALO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 60.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7508. SLOANE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 88 F. Rd 568.

No. 94-7510. REAL-GARcIA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 632.

No. 94-7515.
No. 94-7534.
No. 94-7661.
tiorari denied.

GARCIA V. UNITED STATES;
FUENTES v. UNITED STATES; and NIETO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 568.

Cer-

No. 94-7516. JONES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 633.

No. 94-7519. BUSTAMANTE LOMAS V. UNITED STATES; and PEREZ-ESTRADA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1191 (first case); 46 F. 3d 1148 (second case).

No. 94-7522. DAWSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1099.

No. 94-7525. WILLIAMS V. MEESE, FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 563.

No. 94-7527. EGWUONWU V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 637.

No. 94-7529. CLARK-RUBIN V. OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY HOSPITALS, INC. Ct. App. Ohio, Franklin County. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7531. DITTER V. CLARKE, DIRECTOR, NEBRASKA DE-
PARTMENT OF CORRECTIONAL SERVICES, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1393.

No. 94-7532. BORROMEO V. JOHNSON ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1175.

No. 94-7533. ESCOBEDO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below 35 F. 3d 562.

No. 94-7535. DABNEY V. CALIFORNIA. Sup. Ct. Cal. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7538. REYNOLDS v. GAMMON, SUPERINTENDENT, MOBERLY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-7539. KOVACK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1242.
No. 94-7540. KENNEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1245.
No. 94-7541. MASSEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7544. FIEL ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 997.
No. 94-7546. AYERS v. TAYLOR ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1465.
No. 94-7548. ALLISON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 850.
No. 94-7549. BANKS V. ILLINOIS. Sup. Ct. Ill. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 161 Ill. 2d 119, 641 N. E. 2d 331.
No. 94-7550. ADAMS V. MELNICK/NICKEL ET AL. C. A. 3d
Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1460.
No. 94-7554. ORETO ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 739.
No. 94-7555. RUTLEDGE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 998.
No. 94-7559. KRAUSE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 324.
No. 94-7560. KING v. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 610.
No. 94-7561. SHANNON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 569.
No. 94-7562. CLARK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 635.
No. 94-7563. ABLES V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPART-
MENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A.
5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7564. HICKS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 610.

1178

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-7565. HILL v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1241.
No. 94-7566. HARPER V. UNITED STATES. C. A., 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 60.
No. 94-7569. MITCHELL V. MAASS, SUPERINTENDENT, OREGON STATE PENITENTIARY. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 571.
No. 94-7572. JORDAN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 712.
No. 94-7575. LANIER V. FLORIDA. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 5th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 641 So. 2d 879.
No. 94-7576. SCHOOLFIELD, AKA KB-X v. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 132.
No. 94-7577. VALENTINE, AKA NETON, AKA NEWTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1070.
No. 94-7578. WILHELM V. SCOTT, DIRECTOR, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE, INSTITUTIONAL DIVISION. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7583. PRIOLEAU V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1236.
No. 94-7584. SIMMONS V. IOWA. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1478.
No. 94-7587. AUSTIN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1054.
No. 94-7590. RICHMOND V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 418.
No. 94-7591. SMITH v. LAMAR, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7599. ORTIZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 610.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-7600. RAY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 610.
No. 94-7602. TURNER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1179.
No. 94-7605. MCMURRAY ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1405.
No. 94-7606. MARTINEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1229.
No. 94-7607. MARTINEZ-ESTRADA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-7609. NEAL V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1035.
No. 94-7611. JACKSON v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7613. ORTIZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 644.
No. 94-7618. SNOW v. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 876 P. 2d 291.
No. 94-7624. CONNORS V. SHALALA, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1486.
No. 94-7633. MCHENRY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-7634. MCKENZIE v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1496.
No. 94-7637. CAHOON V. RENO, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES, ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7638. THORPE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1095.
No. 94-7639. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1497.

No. 94-7643. CALLAHAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1213.

1180

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7644. NIEVES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 46 F. 3d 1119.
No. 94-7647. SALAS-MUNIZ v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 319.
No. 94-7648. SPENCER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1179.
No. 94-7650. ALEXANDRE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 388.
No. 94-7653. VISCAINO-GARCIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1516.
No. 94-7654. LONG CROW v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1319.
No. 94-7655. SHULER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 573.
No. 94-7656. ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7658. FRUTH v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 649.
No. 94-7659. LUBBEN v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1219.
No. 94-7662. JOHNSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1386.
No. 94-7665. CHAPA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 319.
No. 94-7667. CLAYBROOK V. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7671. PAUL v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1490.
No. 94-7673. SERRANO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-7674. JONES v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 1473.

ORDERS

1181

513 U. S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-7675. LEZINE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1189.
No. 94-7676. KALINOWSKI V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1533.
No. 94-7677. SANTANA-LOPEZ, CHARGED AS LOPEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1190.
No. 94-7679. ARMOUR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-7680. STEIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1407.
No. 94-7685. TAI TAN DUONG v. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7721. CHI THIEN DUONG V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 570.
No. 94-7688. SMITH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1294.
No. 94-7689. PIKE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1011.
No. 94-7690. POWERS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 572.
No. 94-7695. ASHLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 678.
No. 94-7696. ELEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 319.
No. 94-7697. NEGRIN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 324.
No. 94-7701. PUENTES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1171.
No. 94-7705. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 324.
No. 94-7706. THURSTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. lth Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 324.

1182

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7707. YANNOTT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 999.
No. 94-7708. UMANA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. l1th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 323.
No. 94-7709. WRIGHT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 568.
No. 94-7711. JOHNSON ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 265.
No. 94-7712. LEAL ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 577.
No. 94-7713. CLARY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 709.
No. 94-7714. CIMINO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 635.
No. 94-7716. PUGH V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 573.
No. 94-7717. MOORE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 320.
No. 94-7718. FARR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 323.
No. 94-7719. FARMER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 133.
No. 94-7726. STACKHOUSE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1497.
No. 94-7727. JENSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1502.
No. 94-7728. WAYNO V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 12 F. 3d 1111.
No. 94-7729. WOODY v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 431.
No. 94-7746. FALLS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1178.

ORDERS

513 U.S.

February 21, 1995

No. 94-7749. GOMEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 320.
No. 94-7756. SHEEK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1245.
No. 94-892. C. W., BY HER GUARDIAN AD LITEM, MCKINLEY V. WASIEK. Super. Ct. Pa. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 433 Pa. Super. 167, 640 A. 2d 427.
No. 94-920. CALDERON, WARDEN, ET AL. V. SIRIPONGS. C. A. 9th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 1308.
No. 94-922. MICHIGAN v. ANDERSON. Sup. Ct. Mich. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperi8 granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 446 Mich. 392, 521 N. W. 2d 538.
No. 94-1076. RITZ, ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL OF COLORADO V. GAGAN. C. A. 10th Cir. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari denied. Re-
ported below: 35 F. 3d 1473.

No. 94-972. TRI-STATE MACHINE, INC. v. NATIONWIDE LIFE INSURANCE CO. C. A. 4th Cir. Motions of Hanley C. Clark and National Association of Insurance Commissioners for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 309.
No. 94-987. WMX TECHNOLOGIES, INC., ET AL. V. CANADIAN GENERAL INSURANCE CO. ET AL. Sup. Ct. N. J. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 138 N. J. 106, 649 A. 2d 379.
No. 94-1079. UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORP. ET AL. V. BROWNING-FERRIS INDUSTRIES, INC., ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 96.
No. 94-1033. COMPUTER CURRICULUM CORP. V. INSTRUCTIONAL SYSTEMS, INC., ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Motions of Na-

1184

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 1995

513 U.S.

tional Association of Manufacturers et al. and Computing Technology Industry Association for leave to file briefs as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 813.

No. 94-1099. CPC INTERNATIONAL, INC. V. ARCHER DANIELS MIDLAND CO. C. A. Fed. Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1176.
No. 94-1121. APPLE COMPUTER, INC. V. MICROSOFT CORP. ET AL. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE O'CONNOR took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 1435.
No. 94-1124. HENSLER V. CITY OF GLENDALE. Sup. Ct. Cal. Motion of National Association of Home Builders for leave to file a brief as amicu8 curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 8 Cal. 4th 1, 876 P. 2d 1043.

No. 94-1137. AUTO-OWNERS INSURANCE Co. v. THORN APPLE VALLEY, INC. C. A. 6th Cir. Motion of Michigan Association of Insurance Companies et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 371.

No. 94-7254. BARBER v. TENNESSEE. Sup. Ct. Tenn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 889 S. W. 2d 185.

Opinion of JUSTICE STEVENS, respecting the denial of the petition for writ of certiorari.
On occasion it is appropriate to restate the settled proposition that this Court's denial of certiorari does not constitute a ruling on the merits. United State8 v. Carver,260 U. S. 482, 490 (1923). See also Singleton v. Commissioner,439 U. S. 940, 942-946 (1978) (opinion of STEVENS, J., respecting denial of petition for writ of certiorari). In this case, for example, there are valid reasons for the Court's decision to deny review. But this does not mean petitioner's challenge to his death sentence, based in part upon the trial judge's definition of an aggravating circumstance, lacks merit. Under the trial court's instruction, a jury could find an aggravating circumstance sufficient to impose the death penalty merely by concluding that a murderer's state of mind was "'wicked or morally corrupt."' Pet. for Cert. 3. Because such a state of mind is a characteristic of every murder, the instruction

ORDERS

1185

513 U.S.

February 21, 1995

is plainly impermissible under this Court's holdings in Godfrey v. Georgia,446 U. S. 420, 428-429 (1980) (striking down instruction allowing jury to find aggravating circumstance if murder was "'outrageously or wantonly vile, horrible and inhuman'"), and Maynard v. Cartwright,486 U. S. 356, 363-364 (1988) ("'especially heinous, atrocious, or cruel' ").
No. 94-7589. KLINGER ET AL. v. NEBRASKA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of National Women's Law Center et al. for leave to file a brief as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 727.
No. 94-7623 (A-512). BURDINE V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Application for stay of execution of sentence of death, presented to JUSTICE SCALIA, and by him referred to the Court, denied. Certiorari denied.

Rehearing Denied
No. 93-1140. JAMES B. BEAM DISTILLING Co. v. GEORGIA
ET AL., ante, p. 1056;
No. 93-6735. GOINES ET AL. V. JAMES ET AL., 510 U. S. 1057; No. 93-8976. KENT v. BECHTEL GROUP, INC., ante, p. 830; No. 94-622. GREENE V. SOUTH CAROLINA ELECTION COMMISSION ET AL., ante, p. 1017; No. 94-639. MCKENNA v. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1002; No. 94-5005. STEARMAN V. CITY OF GREENVILLE, TEXAS, ET AL., ante, p. 879;
No. 94-5038. STEARMAN V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 933;
No. 94-5470. STANKOWSKI V. NEW'JERSEY, ante, p. 949; No. 94-5684. GREER V. PENNSYLVANIA, ante, p. 936; No. 94-5868. PEW v. Cox, ante, p. 969; No. 94-6199. MILLER V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 977; No. 94-6201. LOVE v. STALDER, SECRETARY, LOUISIANA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL., ante, p. 1022; No. 94-6251. ENGLERT V. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION, ante, p. 1086;
No. 94-6348. JAMERSON V. CALIFORNIA, ante, p. 1025; No. 94-6358. DIAz LOPEZ v. COMMONWEALTH OIL REFINING
Co., INC., ET AL., ante, p. 1025;
No. 94-6391. IN RE SMITH, ante, p. 1075; No. 94-6455. WATSON ET AL. v. FARLOW ET AL., ante, p. 1047; No. 94-6465. ALDERMAN V. THOMAS, WARDEN, ante, p. 1061;

1186

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 21, 27, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-6512. Roy v. UNIVERSITY OF HAWAII ET AL., ante, p. 1062;
No. 94-6547. CLARK V. MARYLAND, ante, p. 1048; No. 94-6569. LONG v. LOUISIANA, ante, p. 1062; No. 94-6645. FARR v. DAVIS ET AL., ante, p. 1063; No. 94-6650. McDOWELL V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1031; No. 94-6669. VAN HOOK v. OHIO, ante, p. 1063; No. 94-6700. JUDD v. GONZALES, SECRETARY OF STATE OF NEW MEXICO, ante, p. 1089; No. 94-6744. HARTFORD V. ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC SECURITY, ante, p. 1090; No. 94-6774. CORRIGAN V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1063; No. 94-6796. BETKA V. SMITH ET UX., ante, p. 1092; No. 94-6798. CHATTERS V. THURMAN, WARDEN, ET AL., ante, p. 1092; No. 94-6811. BROWN v. NOBLES, ante, p. 1093;
No. 94-6812. BURLEY V. MCDONNELL DOUGLAS HELICOPTER Co., ante, p. 1093;
No. 94-6930. THAKKAR v. DEBEVOISE, ante, p. 1097; No. 94-6952. HENSLER V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1098; No. 94-6998. BROWN V.MCGINNIS, DIRECTOR, MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL., ante, p. 1099; No. 94-7284. IN RE ROEMER, ante, p. 1109; and No. 94-7355. IN RE BOND, ante, p. 1109. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 94-793. EICK V. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1059; No. 94-5204. HINES v. ROCHA, WARDEN, ante, p. 890; and No. 94-6557. GREENE V. PHELPS ET AL., ante, p. 1062. Motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.

FEBRUARY 27, 1995
CertiorariGranted-Vacatedand Remanded
No. 94-1170. JOHNSON ET AL. v. AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC.,
ET AL. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further consideration in light of American Airlines, Inc. v. Wolens, ante, p. 219. Reported below:
261 Ill. App. 3d 622, 633 N. E. 2d 978.
No. 94-6308. ROBINSON V. ARVONIO, SUPERINTENDENT, EAST
JERSEY STATE PRISON, ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Motion of peti-

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 27, 1995

tioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded for further
consideration in light of O'Neal v. McAninch, ante, p. 432. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 877.

Miscellaneous Orders

No. ---.

WHEELER V. UNITED STATES. Motion for leave

to proceed in forma pauperis without an affidavit of indigency

executed by petitioner denied.

No. D-1461. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WEINFELD. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 923.]
No. D-1468. IN RE DISBARMENT OF LAUDANI. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 997.]

No. D-1470. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ROCKER. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1037.]

No. D-1471. IN RE DISBARMENT OF NILES. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1038.]
No. D-1472. IN RE DISBARMENT OF CULLEN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1038.]

No. D-1473. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BOSTIC. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1054.]
No. D-1474. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MURPHY. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1038.]

No. D-1475. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KINCAID. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1038.]

No. D-1476. IN RE DISBARMENT OF GIBBES. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1038.]
No. D-1477. IN RE DISBARMENT OF DAWKINS. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1038.]
No. D-1479. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KING. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1039.]
No. D-1482. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KNIGHT. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1039.]

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 27, 1995

513 U. S.

No. D-1483. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MORIN. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1039.]
No. D-1484. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ALTSCHUL. Disbarment entered. [For earlier order herein, see ante, p. 1055.]
No. D-1505. IN RE DISBARMENT OF BEITLER. It is ordered that Roger Beitler, of Sun City, Cal., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1510. IN RE DISBARMENT OF WATSON. It is ordered that John E. Watson, of St. Petersburg, Fla., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1511. IN RE DISBARMENT OF ZELTZER. It is ordered that J. Jerry Zeltzer, of Miami Beach, Fla., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1512. IN RE DISBARMENT OF PELS. It is ordered that Kenneth Anthony Pels, of Washington, D. C., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1513. IN RE DISBARMENT OF POLANSKY. It is ordered that Stanley Polansky, of Babylon, N. Y., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1514. IN RE DISBARMENT OF MAZER. It is ordered that Lawrence Mazer, of Philadelphia, Pa., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1515. IN RE DISBARMENT OF SIMONE. It is ordered that Robert F. Simone, of Philadelphia, Pa., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable

ORDERS

513 U.S.

FebruMry 27, 1995

within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1516. IN RE DISBARMENT OF KENT. It is ordered that Michael Gayhart Kent, of Huntingtown, Md., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.

No. D-1517. IN RE DISBARMENT OF PROVINE. It is ordered that Leon Eggleston Provine, of Grenada, Miss., be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. D-1518. IN RE DISBARMENT OF GOUIRAN. It is ordered that Emile E. Gouiran, of Paris, France, be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 94-7636. IN RE GAYDOS. Motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied. See this Court's Rule 39.8. Petitioner is allowed until March 20, 1995, within which to pay the docketing fee required by Rule 38(a) and to submit a petition in compliance with Rule 33 of the Rules of this Court.
No. 94-7917. IN RE BRANCH. Petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 94-7574. IN RE WILLIAMS; and No. 94-7598. IN RE ADAMS. Petitions for writs of mandamus denied.

Certiorari Granted
No. 94-1139. GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES INSURANCE CO. ET AL. v. DUANE. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari granted. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1036.

Certiorari Denied
No. 93-9434. McGAHEE v. ALABAMA. Sup. Ct. Ala. rari denied. Reported below: 632 So. 2d 981.

Certio-

1190

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 27, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-847. WEXLER v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 117.
No. 94-92. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE V. BAPTISTE. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 433.
No. 94-989. SAM BROWN Co. v. JACOBS MANUFACTURING CO. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 19 F. 3d 1259.
No. 94-1002. ZAIA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 567.
No. 94-1010. NATIONAL UNION FIRE INSURANCE Co. v. CNA INSURANCE COS. ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 29.
No. 94-1012. MANVILLE SALES CORP. ET AL. V. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 27 F. 3d 1089.
No. 94-1026. MERRIAM-WEBSTER, INC. V. RANDOM HOUSE, INC. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 65.
No. 94-1048. NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE ET AL. V. SULLIVAN; and
No. 94-1206. SULLIVAN v. NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE ET AL. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1091.
No. 94-1070. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO. ET AL. V. INGRAM ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 717.
No. 94-1147. VIDEO VISIONS, INC., ET AL. V. KONSTAM, DIRECTOR OF LAW FOR CITY OF MANSFIELD, OHIO. Ct. App. Ohio, Richland County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-1148. HUPPELER ET AL. V. OSCAR MAYER FOODS CORP. ET AL. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 245.
No. 94-1166. SCARFIA V. TRAVELERS INDEMNITY CO. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1383.
No. 94-1167. KACHINA PLYWOOD, INC., ET AL. V. HURT. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 130.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 27, 1995

No. 94-1172. SKYLINE LODGE, INC. v. DELANEY ET AL. Ct. App. Ohio, Hamilton County. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 95 Ohio App. 3d 264, 642 N. E. 2d 395.

No. 94-1178. SULTENFUSS V. SNOW ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 1494.

No. 94-1180. HARBOLD V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 262 Ill. App. 3d 1067, 635 N. E. 2d 900.

No. 94-1181. STARNES v. CAPITAL CITIES MEDIA ET AL. (two cases). App. Ct. Ill., 5th Dist. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-1184. NoVATEL COMPUTER SYSTEMS, INC. v. CRAY COMMUNICATIONS, INC., FKA DOWTY COMMUNICATIONS, INC. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 390.

No. 94-1185. CITY OF CHANUTE ET AL. V. WILLIAMS NATURAL GAS Co. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 31 F. 3d 1041.

No. 94-1189. ROSENBAUM v. ROSENBAUM. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 256 Ill. App. 3d 1107, 671 N. E. 2d 836.

No. 94-1190. FISHER v. FrrT ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certio-' rari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 1236.

No. 94-1192. JENKINS V. WEIS. Ct. App. Utah. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 868 P. 2d 1374.

No. 94-1193. THOMURE V. PHILLIPS FURNITURE CO. ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 1020.

No. 94-1194. SARDY V.HODGE, EXECUTRIX OF THE ESTATE OF HODGE, DECEASED. Sup. Ct. Ga. Certiorari denied. Reported
below: 264 Ga. 548, 448 S. E. 2d 355.

No. 94-1197. tiorari denied. 2d 392.

DAvIS v. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 2d Dist. CerReported below: 260 Ill. App. 3d 176, 631 N. E.

No. 94-1198. DREKSLER V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 2d Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 259 Ill. App. 3d 1042, 674 N. E. 2d 1280.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 27, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-1199. ZISK v. HIGH STREET ASSOCIATES. App. Ct. Conn. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 Conn. App. 922, 643 A. 2d 311.
No. 94-1201. BLANKENBURG ET AL. V. CORBIN, TRUSTEE AND FIDUCIARY OF THE PATTERN & MODEL MAKERS' ASSOCIATION OF WARREN & VICINITY PENSION FUND (DEFINED BENEFIT). C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 650.
No. 94-1232. OHIO SAVINGS BANK V. ESTATE OF POPP. Ct. App. Ohio, Cuyahoga County. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 94 Ohio App. 3d 640, 641 N. E. 2d 739.
No. 94-1265. WOLVERINE, LTD., ET AL. V. COMMISSIONER OF
INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1190.
No. 94-1274. MARTINSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 353.
No. 94-1275. NATIONALIST MOVEMENT V. COMMISSIONER OF
INTERNAL REVENUE. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 216.
No. 94-1279. MCELROY V. UNITED STATES; DUCHINSKY V. UNITED STATES; OWENS V. UNITED STATES; MARTZ V. UNITED STATES; and HEBERT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. Armed Forces. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 M. J. 368 (first case); 41 M. J. 375 (second and third cases); 42 M. J. 9 (fourth case); 41 M. J. 376 (fifth case).
No. 94-1282. WARD v. UNIVERSITY OF TENNESSEE ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1183.
No. 94-6175. EMERY V. TEXAS. Ct. Crim. App. Tex. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 881 S. W. 2d 702.
No. 94-6460. WARD V. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 21 F. 3d 1355.
No. 94-6612. JAMES v. RUNYON, POSTMASTER GENERAL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7020. DANDRIDGE v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 773.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 27, 1995

No. 94-7092. VANTERPOOL, AKA ANDERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 577.

No. 94-7119. WEEKS V. JONES, WARDEN. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 26 F. 3d 1030.

No. 94-7122. SALCIDO V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 1244.

No. 94-7136. HUFFSTETLER v. FRENCH, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1209.

No. 94-7142. HERNANDEZ PEREZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1403.
No. 94-7147. RUTLEDGE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 671.

No. 94-7419. GUTIERREZ V. TOOMBS, WARDEN. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7494. MUSGRAVE V. WELBORN, WARDEN. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7505. SLOAN V. WILKINSON ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1214.

No. 94-7507. PARISH v. MISSISSIPPI. Sup. Ct. Miss. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 645 So. 2d 910.

No. 94-7509. PIZZO v. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied.

No. 94-7512. SATCHER v. NETHERLAND, WARDEN. Sup. Ct.

Va. Certiorari denied.

I

No. 94-7514. SNYDER v. GROOSE, SUPERINTENDENT, JEFFERSON CITY CORRECTIONAL CENTER, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied.

No. 94-7517. NICHOLAS V. WRIGHT, SUPERINTENDENT, CLALLAM BAY CORRECTIONS CENTER. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1103.

No. 94-7520. MUHAMMAD, AKA WILLIAMS V. HAWLEY, WARDEN, ET AL. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied.

1194

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 27, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7523. BROOKINGS V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7528. DIXON v. NORRIS, DIRECTOR, ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7536. CARTER V. APPELLATE DIVISION, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK, SECOND JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7537. MAYES V. OKLAHOMA. Ct. Crim. App. Okla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 887 P. 2d 1288.
No. 94-7542. CHAMBERS V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 4th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 261 Ill. App. 3d 123, 633 N. E. 2d 123.
No. 94-7543. JACKSON v. ROCHESTER HOUSING AUTHORITY ET AL. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7545. BOND v. FLORIDA. Dist. Ct. App. Fla., 5th Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 642 So. 2d 674.
No. 94-7551. COOPER V. RIGGS ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Cer-
tiorari denied.
No. 94-7556. SPENCER V. GROOSE, SUPERINTENDENT, JEFFERSON CITY CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1101.
No. 94-7558. PLEDGER V. CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 2d App.
Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7567. BROOKS v. FORD MOTOR CO. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 565.
No. 94-7571. SLAVIN V. NEW YORK. Ct. App. N. Y. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 84 N. Y. 2d 863, 642 N. E. 2d 327.
No. 94-7592. OLLIE V. ROSEMEYER, SUPERINTENDENT, STATE CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION AT GREENSBURG. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7593. WATKINS V. DIPAOLo, SUPERINTENDENT, MASSACHUSETTS CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION. C. A. 1st Cir. Certio-
rari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1484.

ORDERS

1195

513 U. S.

February 27, 1995

No. 94-7594. BLAMEUSER V. ILLINOIS. App. Ct. Ill., 1st Dist. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 258 Ill. App. 3d 1081, 674 N. E. 2d 955.
No. 94-7596. JOHNSTON V. SINGLETARY, SECRETARY, FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS. Sup. Ct. Fla. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 640 So. 2d 1102.
No. 94-7597.. AYERS V. SMITH ET AL. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 45 F. 3d 425.
No. 94-7608. LUTON v. GRANDISON, SUPERINTENDENT, CHILLICOTHE CORRECTIONAL CENTER. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 44 F. 3d 626.
No. 94-7615. McGUIRE v. SCHRIRO, DIRECTOR, MISSOURI DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7616. DIAz v. MCCLELLAN, SUPERINTENDENT, SOUTHPORT CORRECTIONAL FACILITY. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7617. GUMPL v. WILKINSON ET AL. Ct. App. Ohio, Lorain County. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7640. VEY V.COLVILLE ET AL. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7700. KEYS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 43 F. 3d 668.
No. 94-7722. HARRIS V.CALIFORNIA. Ct. App. Cal., 6th App. Dist. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7740. RISHOR V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 51 F. 3d 284.
No. 94-7741. SCOTT V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 8th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 1487.
No. 94-7757. QUINTERO V.UNITED STATES; No. 94-7787. RODRIGUEZ v. UNITED STATES; and No. 94-7848. GONZALEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1317.
. No. 94-7758. CUNNINGHAM V. RUBIN, SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY, ET AL. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 28 F. 3d 117.

1196

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 27, 1995

513 U. S.

No. 94-7759. JEFFERY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 10th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 63.
No. 94-7761. JEFFERSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 323.
No. 94-7762. MCMANUS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. D. C. Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 474.
No. 94-7763. JACKSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7766. MORRELL ET AL. V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 16 F. 3d 1223.
No. 94-7767. LOWERY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 3d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1172.
No. 94-7769. JEFFRIES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1182.
No. 94-7771. MCCRAY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 325.
No. 94-7772. LONGSTREET V. UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT FOR THE: SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS. C. A. 7th
Cir. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7773. MCQUEEN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1182.
No. 94-7775. MCNAIR v. UNITED STATES. Ct. App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7780. ESPINOZA-PADILLA v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 42 F. 3d 1403.
No. 94-7781. HUFF V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1496.
No. 94-7783. OGUNGBE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1189.
No. 94-7784. ROGERS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1190.
No. 94-7792. CALVERLEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 160.

ORDERS

1197

513 U. S.

February 27, 1995

No. 94-7793. CLEMONS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 1217.
No. 94-7795. CURTIS V. UNITED STATES. Ct. -App. D. C. Certiorari denied.
No. 94-7798. COLEMAN V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 856.
No. 94-7805. WILSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 6th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 41 F. 3d 1509.
No. 94-7806. WILDER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1497.
No. 94-7807. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1179.
No. 94-7809. THORNTON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1104.
No. 94-7817. LOMASK V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir.
Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1189.
No. 94-7828. THOMPSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 5th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 320.
No. 94-7829. TROTTER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 40 F. 3d 389.
No. 94-7835. ROBINSON V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 442.
No. 94-7837. BENITEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 34 F. 3d 1489.
No. 94-7838. JEANES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 7th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 1501.
No. 94-7841. RONEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1190.
No. 94-7842. STAUDT V. WISCONSIN. Ct. App. Wis. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 185 Wis. 2d 916, 520 N. W. 2d 290.
No. 94-7843. FILLMORE V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 37 F. 3d 638.

OCTOBER TERM, 1994

February 27, 1995

513 U.S.

No. 94-7845. ROSALES V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 1190.
No. 94-7847. HARRIS V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 95.
No. 94-7849. HARRIS v. UNITED STATES. C. A. 4th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 30 F. 3d 132.
No. 94-7865. BAILEY V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 323.
No. 94-7866. CARBALLO-MENENDEZ V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 39 F. 3d 323.
No. 94-7868. KREUTZER V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 9th Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 36 F. 3d 1103.
No. 94-7876. KEEL V.NORTH CAROLINA. Sup. Ct. N. C. Certiorari denied. 'Reported below: 337 N. C. 469, 447 S. E. 2d 748.
No. 94-7879. VIOLA V. UNITED STATES. C. A. 2d Cir. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 33 F. 3d 50.
No. 93-1098. OUTBOARD MARINE CORP. V. WOLTERING, ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ESTATE OF GRACE, DECEASED. App. Ct. Ill., 5th Dist. Motion of National Marine Manufacturers' Association for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 245 Ill. App. 3d 684, 615 N. E. 2d 86.
No. 94-981. 0 & G SPRING & WIRE FORMS SPECIALTY CO. v. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION. C. A. 7th Cir. Motion of petitioner for leave to clarify or amend petition for writ of certiorari granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 38 F. 3d 872.
No. 94-1188. AMERICAN PRESIDENT LINES, LTD., ET AL. V. GAMMA-10 PLASTICS, INC. C. A. 8th Cir. Motion of Assuranceforeningen Skuld et al. for leave to file a brief, as amici curiae granted. Certiorari denied. Reported below: 32 F. 3d 1244.

No. 94-7552. COOPER v. NATIONAL RX SERVICES. C. A. 11th Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 35 F. 3d 577.

ORDERS

513 U. S.

February 27, 1995

No. 94-7657. LINEHAN v. HARVARD UNIVERSITY. C. A. 1st Cir. Certiorari denied. JUSTICE BREYER took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition. Reported below: 29 F. 3d 619.
Rehearing Denied
No. 93-8730. GILES V. ALABAMA, 512 U. S. 1213; No. 94-662. CITY OF HENDERSON ET AL. v. NEVADA ENTER-
TAINMENT INDUSTRIES, INC., ET AL., ante, p. 1078;
No. 94-803. KNIGHTEN V. CAVE & McKAY ET AL., ante, p. 1080;
No. 94-5747. LEDFORD V. GEORGIA, ante, p. 1085; No. 94-6038. WILKERSON V. WHITLEY, WARDEN, ET AL., ante, p. 1085; No. 94-6112. FORD v. UNITED STATES, ante, p. 1085; No. 94-6415. QUEEN.V. TEXAS, ante, p. 1115; No. 94-6479. MIKKILINENI 'V. AMWEST SURETY INSURANCE
Co. ET AL.; MIKKILINENI V. CHESTER ET AL.; MIKKILINENI V. BOROUGH OF FOREST HILLS; and MIKKILINENI v. GLENN .ENGI-
NEERING & ASSOCIATES, LTD., ET AL., ante, p. 1047; No. 94-6480. MIKKILINENI V. BOROUGH OF FOREST HILLS,
ante, p. 1047; No. 94-6661. HUTTO v. NORTH AMERICAN VAN LINES, ante,
p. 1088; No. 94-6692. DOE V. IOWA ET AL., ante, p. 1089; No. 94-6747. SIMONSON V.SIMONSON, ante, p. 1090; No. 94-6783. KISKILA ET UX. v. BUSINESS EXCHANGE, INC.,
ET AL., ante, p. 1092; No. 94-6841. WITCHER V. WITCHER, ante, p. 1094; No. 94-6863. CASSIDY V. INDUSTRIAL INDEMNITY CO. ET AL.,
ante, p. 1095; No. 94-6870. WILLIAMS V. UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE
ET AL.; and WILLIAMS v. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF LETTER
CARRIERS OF THE USA ET AL., ante, p. 1095; No. 94-6928. LEAPHART V. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REv-
ENUE, ante, p. 1097; No. 94-7019. WISHON v. FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH
AND REHABILITATIVE SERVICES, ante, p. 1100; and No. 94-7046. ANDERSON V. DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
ET AL., ante, p. 1100. Petitions for rehearing denied.

